JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 25.

VOL, 25.

A

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From October the 17th, 1745,

In the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second,

TO

November the 22d, 1750,

In the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Second.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

z' Bayerfscbe ] Staatsbibliothek MOnchen J

oog

Mtfl&ee to

aittndchc

Ki»g.

Mtmber* take Oaths.

C!i*d«fHnc

Outlawries.

Tb# King's

Speech

reported.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE ^/COMMONS.

Sess. 1745 — 6.

Jovis, 170 die;

Anno 19* Georgii II- Regis, 1745.

AM ESS A GE from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Gentle raan-U (her of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries was read the First time.

Bejolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followed; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The open and unnatural Rebellion, which has broke out, and is dill continuing in Scotland, has obliged me to call you together sooner than I intended; and I shall lay nothing before you at present, but what immediately relates to our Security at home; reserving all other Confederations to a farther Opportunity. So wicked and daring an Attempt, in Favour of a Popish Pretender to my Crown, headed by his elded Son, carried on by Numbers of traiterous and desperate Persons within the Kingdom, and encouraged by my Enemies abroad, requires the immediate Advice and AlEdance of my Parliament, to suppress and extinguish it. The Duty and Affection for Me, and my Government, and the vigilant and zealous Care for the Safety of the Nation, which have, with so much Unanimity, been shewn by my faithful Subjects, give me the firmed A durance, that you are met together, resolved to aid with a Spirit becoming a Time of common Danger; and with such Vigour, as will end in the Confusion of all those, who have engaged in, or fomented this Rebellion.

I have, throughout the whole Course of my Reign, made the Laws of the Land the Rule of my Government; and the Preservation of the Conditution, in Church and State, and the Rights of my People, the main End and Aim of all my Actions: It is, therefore, the more aflonishing, that any of my Protedant Subjects, who have knownand enjoyed the Benefits reflating from thence, and have heard ot thq imminent Dangers theft Voi, 25.

Kingdoms were wonderfully delivered from, by the happy Resolution, should, by any Arts and Management, be deluded into Measures, that mud at once destroy their Religion and Liberties, introduce Popery and arbitrary Power, and subject them to a foreign Yoke.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I rely on your Affection to Me, and your Care and Concern for our common Safety, to grant Me such a Supply, as may enable Me intirely to extinguish this Rebellion, effectually to discourage any foreign Power from affiding the Rebels, and to redore the Peace of the Kingdom: For which Purpose, I will order the proper Edimates to be laid before you. Amongd the many ill Consequences of this wicked Attempt, the extraordinary Burden which it mud bring upon my faithful Subjects, very fenlibly affects me. But let those answer for it, whole Treason has occasioned it; and my People be convinced, what they owe to those Disturbers of our Peace, who are endeavouring to make this Kingdom a Scene of Blood and Confusion.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The many evident Proofs this Parliament has given of their Duty, Fidelity, and Affection to Me, and of their deady Adherence to the present happy Establishment, and the true Intered of their Country, make Me repose myself intirely on the Zeal and Vigour of your Proceedings and Resolutions. I am confident you will ad like Men who consider, that every thing dear and valuable to them is attacked: And Iqucltion not, but by the Blelfing of God, we shall, in a short time, fee this Rebellion end, not only in redoring the Tranquillity of my Government, but in procuring greater Strength to that excellent Conditution, which it was designed tofubvert. The Maxims of this Conditution shall ever be the Rules of my Conduct. The Intered of Me and my People, is always the fime, and inseparable. In this common Intered let us unite. And all those, who shall heartily and yigoroully exert themselves in this jud and National Caule, may always depend on my Protection and Favour.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Addrtfsoa poled. That an humble Address be presented to his Ma- *he King'* jedy, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House S|?eei:h‘ for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty on his happy, lafe, and fealonable Retnrn ro these Kingdoms; to express our Abhorrence and Detedarion of the unnatural Rebellion raging in North Britain; to give his Majesty the stronged Assure-

ances of our Duty and Affection to his Person and Government; and that we will, with Vigilance, Zeal, and Unanimity,' shew a Spirit and Vigour becoming this Time of Danger; and that we will grant such Supplies, and put such Strength into his Majest'y's Hands, as we trad in God, and in his Majesty's W iiciom, cannot fail to defeat the Attempts of these, who have already made one Part of the United Kingdom, and would make the

other.

4

4 170 Octobris. 1745.

other, a Scene of Blood, Rapine, and Confusion; to acknowledge, with the greatest Gratitude, that, under his Majesty's Royal Protection, we have lived in an uninterrupted and secure Enjoyment of our Religion, Laws, and Liberty: That as all these are now wickedly and openly attacked, we are bound by every Consideration, human and divine, to exert ourselves in Defence of his sacred Person and Government; and to allure his Majesty, that he may safely rely on the Zeal and Vigour of his'faithful Commons, on this great Occasion; and that we will aft like Men sensible of the Blessings we enjoy, and determined to preserve those Blessirtgs to ourselves, and our Posterity; to congratulate his Majesty on the general Concurrence of his Subjects in these Sentiments of Duty to his Majesty, and Zeal for his Service; which happy Union, we doubt not, will, by his Majesty's Wisdom, be improved to the future Glory and Welfare of his Crown and People, and to the utter Confusion and Difeppoint-ment of the Enemies to both;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, " And, in order to the firmer Establishment of his Majesty's Throne on the solid and truly glorious Basis of his People's Af- sections, it shall be our zealous and Speedy Care to " frame such Bills, as, if passed into Laws, may prove most effectual for securing to his Majesty's faithful Subjects the perpetual Enjoyment of their undoubted " Right to be freely and fairly represented in Parliament, frequently chosen, ana exempted from undue Influence of every kind, for easing their Minds in Time to come of the Apprehensions they might enter- tain of seeing Abuses in Offices rendered perpetual, 44 without the seasonable Interposition of Parliament, to reform them; and for railing, in every true Lover of his King and Country, the pleasing Hopes of behoki-f* ing these Realms once more restored to that happy 44 a,nd flourishing Estate, which may reflect the highest Honour on his Majesty's Reign, and cause Posterity to look back, with Veneration and Gratitude, on the Source of their national Felicity: "

And the Question being put, That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative:

Then the main Question being put;

Resolvetd, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Address be preferred to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty on his happy, safe, and seasonable. Return to these Kingdoms; to express our Abhorrence and Detestation of the unnatural Rebellion raging in North Britain; to give his Majesty the strongest AfiUrances of our Duty and Affection to his Person and Government; and that we will, with Vigilance, Zeal, and Unanimity, shew a Spirit and Vigour becoming this Time of Danger; and that we will grant such Supplies, and put such Strength into his Majesty's Hands, as we trust in God, and tn his Majesty's Wisdom, cannot fail to defeat the Attempts of those, who have already made one Part of the United Kingdom, and would make the other, & Scene of Blood, Rapine, and Confusion -y to acknowledge, with, the greatest Gratitude, that, under his Majesty's Royal Psoteftjoa, w« have Lived in an uninterrupted and secure Enjoyment of our Religion, Laws, and Liberty; that as all these are row wickedly and openly attacked, wc are bound by every Confederation, human and divine, to exert ©uric Ives in Defence of his sacred Person and Government; and to assure his Majesty, that he may safely rely the Zeal and Vigour of his faithful Commons, on this great Occasion; and that we will aft like Men sensible of the Blessings we enjoy, and determined so prefeme those BleC-ings to ourselves, and our Posterity; to congratulate his Majesty on the general Concurrence of his Subjects hi tlieie Sentiments of Duty to his Majesty, ancj Zeal foe ba Service; which happy Union, we doubt not, will, by his Majesty's Wisdom, be improved to die future Glury

and Welfare of his Crown and People, and to the utter Confusion and Disappointment of the Enemies to both.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be prdented to his Majesty, upon the said RefoUition:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Lqge, Mr.

Ellis, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Irrn. Pitt,

Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Lord Strange, Sir Cha. fVmdkam, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir John Barnard, Mr.

Lord Dupplin, Sir Geo.Oxcnden, Mr. , Sir

James Lowther, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Her. Mr.

Godolphin, Mr. Sheppard, Mr. Lloyd, Lord Lord Coke, Lord Baltimore, Lord V Beauclerk, Admiral Anson, Mr. Edgcumb, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Sehvyn, Lord Deerhurst, Lord Gticrnfty, Mr.

Sir John Turner, Sir John Hynd Cotton, Sir Wat.

Wynne, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Dodington, Lord Gage,

Mr. Edwin, Mr. Boone, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Barrington,

Lord Hiljborough, Sir John Glynn; or any Five onhern:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warranf to ClitW# . the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the w,lt* Electing of a Burgess to feme in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ctitkero, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Thomas Lifter Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Gattoa the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for W«u. the Electing of a Burgess to feme in this present Parli*- ,

ment for the Borough oiGattou, in the County of Sianoy, in the room of Charles Docmmique Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cafde-Riim| the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fof ' "»*. the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Padia-ment for the Borough of Castle-Rifng, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of Lieutenant-General Charles Churchill, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General have Leave to Habeas make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock: Corpua

And he moved the House accordingly; That an Act* Suspeofioa. made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Liberty of the Subject, and for Prevention of Imprisonment beyond the Seas; and also, an Act of Parliament of Scotland, of the Thirty-first of January 1701,

intituled, Act for preventing wrongous Imprisonment, and against undue Delays in Trials; might be read:

And the said Aftsbeing read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ia a Bill, to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Person* as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Mr. Attorney-General accordingly presented to the House a Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain foeh Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: And tha feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refilled, That this House wiH, Tomorrow Morning, ttfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoo rife laid Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

iq Geo. II. 18® 03obm.

Veneris, 18* die

Anno 19° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Grand Praybrs.

Committee*.. ^ppypppp)^ That the Grand Committee for Religion _ do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit

Committee every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

of Privilege*. Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed accordingly, of Dr. Lee, Mr. Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Carew, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. O'brien, Mr. Sir Walk. Wms.

Wynne, Mr. Southwell, Mr» Cornwall, Mr. Sir

Rich. Mill, Mr. Earl, Mr. Digby, Mr. Bathurst, Mr!

Mackworth, Mr. Compton, Mr. Montague, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Fere, Mr. Hill, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hales, Mr. Copleston, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Knight, Mr. Keene, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Houblon Mr. Winford, Sir John ‘Turner, Colonel Townshend, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Hay, Mr. Walter, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. Powlet, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Glynn, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Garth, Sir Francis , Sir

Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Foley, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Attorney-General, Lord Carteret, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Henry Bathurst-, Mr. Gulston, Lord Baltimore: And they are to meet Upon Monday Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber $ and to fit every Friday,

and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges ;and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lb within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend lor Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Usual Order*. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right ' to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition, touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Pra&iccs, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Com-

Voj,. 25,

mittee thereof; of, directly or indirectTy, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender*

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great ,.

for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House ,is fitting { and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting;

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, . during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High-Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the feme put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall prelume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster-General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One

C in

6

18* OElobris. A. 1745.

in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesday, and , from Five of the

Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such-Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-master-General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do prelume to print the lame.

Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 5, Line 5, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 5, Line 5, being read a Second Time;

The House was moved, That the 14th Section of an Act, made in the 13th and 14th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Legge reported, from the Committee appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Addrefe accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards ' delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows;

Rev-. Mr. Afliburnham to preach on the jeh Nov.

Habeas

Corpus

Suspension.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for private Bills after the First Day of February next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the fitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the fitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the fitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Reverend Mr. Ashburnhavt, Dean of Chichester, be desired to preach before this House upon Tuesday, the Fifth Day of November next, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that Sir Richard Mill, Mr.

Hay, the Lord Palmer ft on, Mr. Denzill Onslow, and "Mr. Butler, do acquaint him therewith.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Attorney-General accordingly reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Address 04 the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate your Majesty upon your happy, safe, and seasonable Return to these your Kingdoms.

We cannot sufficiently express our Abhorrence and Detestation of the unnatural Rebellion now raging in North Britain.

Permit us to give your Majesty the strongest Assurances of our Duty and Affection to your Person and Government 1 and to declare. That we will, with Vigilance,

Zeal, and Unanimity, shew a Spirit and Vigour becoming this Time of Danger: In order to make these Sentiments effectual, your faithful Commons will grant such Supplies, and put such Strength into your Majesty's Hands, as, we trust in God, and hope, from your Majesty's Wisdom, cannot fail to defeat the Attempts of those who have already made One Part of the United Kingdom, and would make the other, a Scene of Blood, Rapine, and Confusion.

With Hearts full of Gratitude, we acknowledge. That, under your Majesty's Royal Protection, we have lived in an uninterrupted and secure Enjoyment of our Religion,

Laws, and Liberties.

As all these are now wickedly and openly attacked, we are bound, by every Consideration, human and divine, to exert ourselves in the Defence of your Sacred Person and Government.

Your Majesty may safely rely on the Zeal and Vigour of your faithful Commons, who are resolved to act like Men, sensible of the lilelfings we enjoy, and determined to preserve those Blessings to ourselves and our Posterity.

We beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on the general Concurrence of your Subjects in these Sentiments of Duty to your Majesty, and Zeal for your Service; which happy Union, we doubt nor, will, by your Majesty's Wisdom, be improved to the future Glory and Welfare of your Crown and People; and to the utter Coofufion and Disappointment of the Enemies to both.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the House do agree with the said Committee in the said Address, to ue presented to his Majesty.

Resolved,

ip Geo. II.

18° — 19°- — 2i°

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Most honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Tbt King's Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to

Spe*Fib both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration

conndcred. Xo.morrow Morning.

Habeas

Corpus

Ssfpcofion.

Carmarthen

Writ.

Time appointed for receiving Address.

Habeas

Corpus

Suipcnsion.

The King's

Speech

considered.

Supply.

An' ingrafted Bill to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspectare conspiring against his Person and Government, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall fuipeft are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Carmarthen, in the room of Sir Nicholas Williams Baronet, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbaliy i g*;

Anno 19* Georgii IP* Regis, 1745.

P R AYERS.

MR. Secretary at War reported to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at One of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall lufpeft are conspiring against his Person and Government, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his' Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 210 die OElobris;

Anno 190 Georgii IB1 Regis, 1745. Praters.

Account* of rT'HE House being informed, That Ibme of the Com-X missioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, prefenled to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament.

An Account of what prohibited India Goods remained in the East India Warehouses in St. Helen's, in VoL. 25.

Fart India prohibited Goods, &c.

the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1744; also what brought in since, what exported, and what remained at Michaelmas 1745: And also.

An Account of Prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall and church-street, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1744; what has been since brought in, what exported; as alibi what remained at Michaelmas 1745: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1744; what have been since brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1745: And also, . ..

An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-Ports, at Michaelmas 1744; what . have been since brought in, what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1745: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods, which-have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Helen's,

Fenchurch -ft reel, Leadenhall-street, and Custom-house in the Port of London,- since Michaelmas 1744, in order to be dyed, glazed, fkc.what have been returned, and what remained out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1745: And also,.

An Account of naval Stores imported from into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1744to Michaelmas 1745: And also,

An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-Ports, from Michaelmas 1744 to Michaelmas 1745.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

And the same are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iftfue his Warrant to M<iniingdon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of William Miichel Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the' House attended his Anf»er to Majesty, upon Saturdaylaft, with their Address: To Addreft. which his Majesty was plcaled to give this most gradous Answer:

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this dutiful and affectionate Address.

The Zeal and Vigour, which you have, with lo much Unanimity, declared on this Occasion, will, I trust in God, enable me to put a speedy End to this Rebellion:

Whatever Strength you shall place in my Hands, you may be assured, shall be employed only to promote the Good and Happiness of my People, and to secure to them the perpetual Enjoyment of their Religion, Laws, and Liberties.

A Mcfiage from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Aden* Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: to a Sill.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Afient to One publick Bill; viz.

An Act to impower his Majesty td secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty ffrall futpeft are conspiring against his Person and Government.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider

Supply.

8 a i* Octobris. A. 1745.

Supply. consider of the Motion made upon Saturday last, that a» Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had dire died him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, Nemine Contra, That Mr. Speaker be ddircd to print the Speech by him made to his Majesty, in the House of Peers, on the Second Day of

May last, upon his presentingto his Majesty the several Money Bills, which then passed the Royal Assent.

And then the House adjourned till To-moitow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

, The Speech of Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, May a, 1745,

W"* upon presenting to his Majesty the several Money printing Bills, when they passed the Royal AlTent.

Jta'i Bills Most gracious Sovereign.

for the Royal Your, faithful Commons do now attend Your Majesty Assent on ad with their last Bill of Supply for the publick Service of Rlay taft. the present Year.

As their Supplies, Sir, are equal to your Majesty's Demand, lb Your Commons have made these Grants to Your Majesty, as they judged them to be adequate also to the Nature, the Importance, and the Necessity of the Services.

What Your Commons have given, the Manner of their Gilt, and the Latitude allowed in the Disposition of great Part of it, are so many Marks of the Sense they have of the Cause it is for, of the Confidence they repole in Your Majesty for the due Application of it, and of the Desire they had also, that our Enemies might conceive no Hopes from our unexpected Disadvantages and most unaccountable Dilappointments the last Year, that this Nation was either unwilling, or yet unable, to maintain its own Rights and Rank, or those of its Allies, against the Dif-turbers of Europe, their Ambition, and Perfidy.

This is, and always has been, the only Object of Your Commons in this War; and although it has been pursued by this Country against One of our Enemies, at an Expence beyond our Proportion of the Danger, compared with that of other States; in Places, and in a Manner not the most natural to the Situation of this Country, or where its principal, and genuine, and less expen-five Strength can be exerted; yet Your faithful Commons, Sir, have enabled Your Majesty to take this large Share in the War upon the Continent, — to be indeed the Life and chief Spirit of the whole; that the Inability offome Powers, and the Slownelsof others, might not make the common Cause to become desperate, and thereby give the common Enemy the Advantage of effecting, without Controul, that Superiority, which must be Tyranny, so long meditated, and cow again attempted, and in which, if obtained, the Independency of Great Britain may looner or later be involved and destroyed.

It is This, Sir, and this alone, that can justify to the People, the imposing upon them the many Millions they have already paid in the Course of this particular Quarrel. — God grant that our Condition, in the further Progress of it, may not call for a Repetition of the same Expence. His Aid we implore, and we rely on Your Majesty's Wisdom and Conduct, and on the expected great

Consequences of Lome late very important Advantages, that the great Armaments Your Commons have again provided for, and the large Subsidies they have enabled Your Majesty to give to Foreign Powers; may have that Success this Year, how much soever it tailed in the last, as to bring our proud Enemies to Reason, and give Your Majesty the Glory of bringing to Your Country, what we are Satisfied is most desired by Your royal Heart, as it is certainly most wanted by Your Subjects, a speedy, an honourable, and a lading Pacification.

To the obtaining of which most desirable End, has the Attention of Your Commons been most earnestly applied,- — recommended to them by Your Majesty, in the strongestand most affectionate Manner, and prosecuted by them, with most distinguished Zeal and Unanimity.

*Twas their first and principal Care: And, when that was done, they applied themselves with the same leriou* Attention to many other very national Concerns — more than has usually ,been the Production of One Session* Among others, there are Bills prepared for Your Majesty's Royal Assent — To regulate Elections of Knights of Shires — To secure the Qualification of Justices of the Peace — To give further Encouragement to the Linen Manufactures of Great Britain and Ireland — To pursue the suppressing of excessive and deceitful Gaming, that Corrupter of Mind and Morals in the higheit as well as the lowed of a People.

There are other Bills, Sir, to prevent Two very growing and reproachful Evils to the Publick — the Kunning in of Goods and Merchandize to avoid Payment of the legal and accustomed Duties; and the extravagant Use and Consumption of French Cambricks. Both of them enriching our dangerous Rival in Trade and Power. The first of them grown to an Enormity beyond die Controul of all Law, and carried to the most daring and impudent Defiance of all Government. The other to an Expence and clear Loss to the Nation of Two hundred thousand Pounds a Year; of no Necessity, of no particular Conveniency, but the Result of Humour, and Fashion only; and, to our double Shame be it spoken, nimost the only Fashion we do not take from that People of whom we purchase this Commodity.

Some Part of the Session, Sir, has been employed bf Your Commons, not unufefully, we hope, to the Publick, in the most interesting Disquisition of all others to this Nation.

The honour of the British Flag is most justly deemed the chief Honour of the British Empire. It has made us the Envy and the Terror of all other Nations. Our Annals, and those of our Enemies too, bear Testimor.y of its Glory in all Ages. Some other Countries equal, perhaps exceed, us in ether Species of military Strength, — not in Bravery, though in Numbers; but the naval Power of this Island was never exceeded or equalled by any, and is now far superior to the maritime Force of any other Country whatsoever. In the Mediterranean Seas, last Year, we were confcfiedly superior to the united Fleets of France and Spain, conftfting of the Flower ami chief Strength of both their Navies; but, to the Alto-nishment of the World, the Enemy escaped almost with Triumph, when Providence had thrown them almost into our Hands; and the noblest Occasion was thereby loft of establishing the Greatness of the Navy against

all Pretence of Rivalry, and of deciding, perhaps, in our Favour at once, the Fate of the whole War.

Under these Circumstances, Sir, unbecoming and unpardonable would it have been in Your Commons, not to have made this foul Miscarriage the Subject of their ancient, constitutional, and necessary Power of Enquiry into every publick Service. They entered into it, and pursued it wiih an Impartiality, and with a Solemnity, that became their Justice and their Dignity; worthy of tho great national Importance it is of, and worthy the rojal Justice to which they have now appealed. — To You, Sir, Your People in Parliament have deferred this great Cause of their Country, to give it an Examination' in legal Course of Trial, without Distinctioa of Persons

or

i9 Geo. II. 21° — 22* — 230 9

or Degrees; that this Stain upon the Honour of the Kingdom, this Dilgrace that raises Indignation in the Bread of every true Briton, may in forne measure be done away, by doing Right to the Valour and Conduct of those who have done well, and by perpetuating, through exemplary Punishment, the Infamy of the Timorous, and the Treacherous, and of those who in any Manner thus fatally to their Country, have transgressed the Rules, and broken the Discipline of War.

Connected in l'ome fort with this Enquiry, the late Practice of C mrts-Martial in the Sea Service hath fallen under the Observation of Your Commons: In one of which They have found such Defeats and Misbehaviour, as are a Reproach to the Justice of the Nation; and, if generally practised, mud end in the total Overthrow of all Military Discipline at Sea. Towards remedying which so great Evil, and indeed Scandal to the State, a Bill awaits Your Majesty's Royal A dent, to prevent it in feme degree; with our Hopes, that hereafter a more extensive Reformation of thel'e Courts will be made by Parliament — That the Privilege of being tried by Persons of the same Profession, as a Means of protecting the In*-nocent, may not be converted into the base Means of

?rotating the Guilty, because they are of the same rote Hi on; — or for other Realons not less dangerous or dishonourable.

The Bills I have in my Hands to present to Your Majesty, are severally intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, out of the Sinking Fund; and for granting a Sum remaining in the Exchequer (arilen by the Surplus of the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry 1, for the Service of the Year 1745; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties, omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for the further enforcing the Payment of the said Duties.

An Act for repealing the present Inland Duty of Four Shillings per Pound-weight upon all Tea fold in Great Britain; and for granting to his Majesty certain other Inland Duties in lieu thereof; and for better securing the Duty upon Tea, and other Duties of Excise; and for purluing Offenders out of one County into another.

To which your Commons, with all Humblcness, bc-feech Your Majesty's Royal Assent.

Martis, 22* die QElobris;

Anno 193 Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

pRAYF. RS.

Exportation A PETITION of the Merchants, Traders, and of Wool. XX Manufacturers, in the Woollen Manufactories in the Borough ol Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the exporting of our unmanu-factured Wool to Foreigners; and recommending to the House a Scheme published some time ago for an universal Charter and Regidry of all the Wool growing in Great Britain and Ireland, to be conducted by an annual parochial Service: And praying Consideration and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

by the Plaintiff and another Person, whb were made Special Bailiffs for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, feported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom ir was referred to confuler of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this lloulc will, upon Friday Morning next, ref live itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, to confuler of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Edimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1746, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Edimate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces and Marines, fof the Year 1746, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Edimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1746, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a Lid of the Regimental and Warrant-Officers, who are to be in Half-pay, for the Year 1746, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Edimate he laid before this House of the Charge of the Out-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1746.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1745, have been disposed of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That atl Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half-Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas lad, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also, of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an bumble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Edimates, Lid, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Privilege.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, the Goods of Robert Borrows, a Tenant of Sir John Glynne Baronet, a Member of this House, which had been didrained, for Rent due to him, were lately, at the Suit of Ephraim ers, by virtue of a Writ of Execution, violently seized and removed, without making any Satisfaction to the said Sir John Glynne-, which Writ was by the Sheriff, generally directed to his Bailiffs; but they being unwilling to execute it, was, without the Sheriff's Knowledge, by Procurement of John Totty, Attorney at Law, executed Vol. 25.

Mcrcurii, 230 OSiobris;

Anno 19° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745. Praters.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eletfting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for <he Borough of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, irt the foom of the Right Honourable John Manners Esquire, commonly called Marquis of;

D who.

Supply*

Address fof ufaal

Estimate*

Grartthsfm

Writ.

10

23® — 24"- — 25® OBobris.

A- 1745

Ludlow

Writ.

Motion for Address respecting Bri-tilli Troops in the Netherlands.

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of a Colonel in his Majesty's Army.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, do make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow,\n the County of Salop, in the room of Richard Herbert Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of a Lieutenant-Colonel in his Majesty's Army.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his prudent and paternal Care in recalling from tht Netherlands a conlklerable Part of the Forces, so abfo-

lutely necessary for the immediate Defence of this Kingdom; and, with Hearts truly loyal, and anxious for the public Safety, most humbly to offer to his Majesty the Advice of his faithful Commons (as he has been plealed, in his most gracious Speech from the Throne, to require them to do), in this difficult and perilous Conjuncture, that be would likewise be pleased to recall home, as fast as conveniently may be, all the rest of the British Forces now in the Netherlands, as the most proper and the surest Means to suppress, and entirely to extinguish, this detestable Rebellion; effectually to discourage any Foreign Power from assisting the Rebels, _and to restore the Peace of the Kingdom.

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided:

The Noes went forth:

f Lord Barrington, 7

'{Mr. Wm. Pitt: 1

' Lord Marquis of Har-tington,

__ Mr.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the ycas.I^rSS'"'

Tellers for the Noes,

136.

]‘48

And then the House adjoqmed till Tomorrow. Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovts, 2 40 die OBobris;

Anno 19* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1745. Prayers.

The House fTVHE House met; and

adjourns. Adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of

the Clock.

Veneris, 2 50 d OBobris;

Anno 19* Georgii ID* Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

THE Order of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr Secretary at War reported to the House, T: r their Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty woulci be gracioufty pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay' before this House the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty' had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address* to his Majesty, an Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1746: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards^ Garrisons, and Land Force.s, in Great Britain, and Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1746:

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as follow;

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1746.

Major-General Churchill's Colonel Frajier's -

Major-General Lowther' % Brigadier-General Byng's Colonel Cochran's -Colonel Cottrell's - -

Lieutenant-General Cornewaljs Colonel Buncombe's Brigadier-General Pazvleft's Brigadier-General Jejfereys's

(Far-Office, 25th October 1745.

Numbers.

»* 55 >'55 »l55 >'55 >'55 >'55 >'55 »15 5 >'55 '55

">55°

Contingencies

Pay of the Regiments for 365 Days.

£ s. d.

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

20,175 7 6

Total - - - £.

Will, Tonge.

TOTAL.

d.

201,753 15 — 4,500 ——

206,253 15

ESTIMATE

r.

Supply,

' r/v/er to A-id refs fiuf Accounts,

Army

Estimate*

15* OBobris.

19 Geo. II. 15* OBobris. 11

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the Year 1^46.

Pay «f the Troops*

and Regiments,

f ,r 365 Days

£ J. </.

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 13 4

16,546 *3 4

10*870 18 4

10,743 3 4

36,019 8 4

36,019 8 4

24,339 8 4

20,433 18 4

20*433 18 4

23,618 IO IO

23,618 10 IO

23,618 IO IO

23,618 IO lo

23,618 IO IO

23,618 IO 10

I9,630 18 4

9,630 l8 4

19,63° l8 4

19,63° l8 4

69,836 13 4

45»263 10

45,3*7 *5 10

18,082 14 2

19,992 *7 6

18.0^2 14 2

18,08 2 14 2

18,082 J4 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 '4 2

18,082 *4 2

18,082 *4 2

18,082 14 t

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 *4 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 *4 2

19,5*5 19,5*5 6 6 8 8

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

15,217 9 2

15»2,7 9 2

15,2,7 9 2

15,2,7 9 2

15,217 20,193 9 12 2 6

9,906 14

22,584 7 0

3« ,#64 9 7

30,000

A?

Horse

Dragoons/

f First Troop of Guards -Second ditto -

Third ditto -

Fourth ditto -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards -Second ditto -

Royal Regiment of Guards

Sir Philip Honywood's Regiment

Sir John Ligonier's.

Duke of Montagu's -

Field Marshal Wade's -

Royal Regiment -Earl of Stair's -

Major-General Bland's -

Sir Robert Rich's

Earl o! Roth's -

Sir John Cope's - -

Lord Cobham's

Lord Mark Kerr's -Colonel Ligonier's

Major-General Hamilton's

f First Regiment of Guards Second ditto -

Third ditto -

First Battalion of Lieut.-Gen. St. Clair's Second ditto - -

Lieutenant-General Howard's Regiment Major-General Wolfe's -Lieutenant-General Burrell's -Colonel Sowle's -

Major-General Skelton's Major-General Pu/teney's Major-General Howard's Brigadier Bligh's -

Major-General Campbell's M ajor-General Hujke's -Lord Sempill's - -

Major-General Bragg's -. Lord Harry Beau clerk's Brigadier Douglajs's -

Brigadier Fleming's -

Sir Robert Monro's -

Major-General Johnson's Brigadier Cho/mondeley's Colonel Ligonier's -

Lord Murray's -Earl of Loudouns -Lieutenant-General Handafyd's Lieutenant-General Harrison's Lieutenant-General Guije's -

Brigadier Houghton's -

Major-General Blakeney's Brigadier Price's -Brigadier Mordaunt's -

Colonel Zee's -Colonel Murray's -Colonel Lajfcell's

Colonel Battereau' %

I , C Colonel Wardour'sRegiment -

nva 1 s ' 125 Independent Companies -

Garrisons, f Garrisons, with Fire and Candles -{£?<-. - [ Contingencies, upon Account

Foot

Numbers.

181

181

181

181

>77

176

535

535

353

274

274

538

538

538

538

538

538

435

435

435

435

3>i83

2.046

2.046

977 G157 977 9 7 977 977 977 977 97 7 977 977

977

977 977 977 977 97 7 977 977

977

977 t ,038 «,o 58

815

J*5

815

*5

«:55

8*5

8*5

8*5

G155

5*5

G3°°

Total -

3.053

4,968

39*393

1,815

49,229

TOTAL.

s.

225,046 16 8

220,234 18 4

753463 8 4

3G49*

66,864 9 7

1,298,100 14 7

Vol. 25.

War-Office, 25 th Day of October 1745.

/F;.7. re-

ordered.

Railing the Militia.

Regulating the Militia.

Address to the King on the Birth of a Frince.

Messagetpthe Prince of Wales, fcc. on the Birth oft Prince.

Supply.

12 25" — 28* — 29* 1745.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner have Leave to make a Motion, it being af:er Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

- And the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to raise the Militia, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced has not been yet repaid;

The House was moved. That the last Section of an Act, made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for ordering the Forces in the several Counties of this Kingdom, might he read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to raise the Militia, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced has not been yet repaid: And that Mr. Solicitor-General, Colonel Mr.

Attorney-General, and Sir James do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. Carew, the Lord Strange, Sir Francis

Dashwood, the Lord Barrington, Sir John Hinde Sir Roger Newdigate, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 28* d \

Anno 19* Georgii IF' Regis, 1745.

Prayers,

"DESOLVED, Nemine contradi, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of another Prince; and to express our great Joy and Comfort in this great Blelfing, which will be a further Addition of Strength to the Protestant Interest, and of Security to the Laws and Liberties of this Nation.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenteThat a congratulatory

Message be sent to their Royal Highnesses the Prince and Princess of Wales, on this joyful Occasion.

Ordered, That the Lord P Mr. Compton, Mr. Gage, Mr. Levifon Gower, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. ham Obryen, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Hampden, Mr. , Mr. John

Frederick, and Mr. Powney, do attend their Royal High-nesses with the said Meftage.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Forty thousand Men be employed for the Sea-Service, for the Year 1746, beginning the First of January 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this C.'mmitretf, That a Sum not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men forlhirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea-Service.

The said Resolutions, being feverailv read a Second time, were, upon the Question feverailv put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Progressof the Rebellion in Scotland:

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Word " be," the Word " now: "

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question being put. That a Committee be now appointed to enquire into the Causes of the Progress of the Rebellion in Scotland;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,["r- ' ]

{Mr. John Put: )

Tellers for the Noes.J Finch

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjoudled till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 90 die OElobris;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

riRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Michel I, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of John Ord Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Majesty'sCommand, and pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimateof the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, raised under the Command of several Noblemen; and of Twenty Independent Companies of Foot, raised for the Defence of the Highlands; for One Year, from the rclpccfrive Times of their being raised: /

And the Title of the said F.ftimate was read:

The said Estimate is as follows;

t

Way*

and Mum.

Rebellion ia Scotland.

MVh-O

Writ.

F.ftimate of the Charge of certain Regiment*.

j

Cardigan

Election

The Eing'i Answer to Address.

Prince of Wales's Aofu'cr to ftlcfogc.

19 Geo. IL 29° — 31° OBobrls — t Noiiembris. 13

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, raised under the Command of several Noblemen; and of Twenty independent Companies of Foot, raised for the Defence of the . Highlands; for One Year from the respective Times of their being raised.

Number#. Pay of the Regiments and Companies, for 365 Dayi. TOTAL.

Horse. Duke of Montagu's Regiment -Duke of Kmgfont M3 m m m £ 19,764 s. 15 d. £. s.

- M3 19,764 15 —

Foot. Duke of Bolton's Regiment m 814 54* — 14,852 9 2 39i549 i° — 1

Duke of Bedford's Duke of Montagu's -Duke of Ancafler's r m 814 - - 14,852 9 2

m m - 814 . 14,85a 9 2

- - m 814 - - - >4,854 9 2

Marquis of Granby's Earl of Barkley's . - - 814 - - 14,852 9 2

- - - 814 - >4,852 9 2

Earl of Cholmondley's Earl of Halifax's - - m - 814 - - - 14,854 9 2

- m 814 ... 14,852 9 2

Lord Viscount Falmouth's - - 814 - - - 14,852 9 2

Lord Viscount Harcourt's - - - S14 f 14,854 9 2 -

Lord Gower*s - - - - 814 14.852 9 2

Lord Herbert's - - - 814 - - - 14,854 9 2

Lord Edgcombe's - - - 814 - " - 14,852 9 2

jao Independent Companies - m m m - - 10,582 2,280 - - - 193,681 19 i 35,95a 10 —

- Total m . — 13,408 m m - . C368,563 19

War-Office, 29th October, 1745.

Ordered, That the said Eft imate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next, Niae of the Clock.

Jovis, 31° die j

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745* Prayers.

A PETITION of Richard Esquire was presented to the House, arid read; complaining of aa undue Election and Return, for the Borough of gan, in the County of Cardigan.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the 43d Day

of January next.

Mr. Whittington reported to the House, That their Address of Monday last (congratulating his Majesty on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of another Prince; and expressing their great Joy and Comfort in this great Blefiing; which will be a further addition of Strength to the Protestant Interest, and of Security to the Laws and Liberties of this Nation) had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty received the same very giaciously, and returns his Thanks to the House, for their kind Exprefe lions of Duty and Affection to him upon this Occasion.

The Lord Perceval reported to the House, That his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales had been attended with the congratulatory Meftage of this House on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of another Prince: And that his Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer: Gentlemen,

I am very much obliged to the House of Commons for the;r kind Message , and for this Mark of their Duty to the King, and Regard to his Family.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

Veneris, 1* die Novembris;

Anna 19° Georgii IP* Regis, 1745. Prayers.

ABILL for the tnone effectud preventing clandel-tine Outlawries, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Mr.

James Grenville, Mr. Southwell, Sir Miles Mr. Earle, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Mr. Fane,

Mr. Laroche, Sir Wm- Calvert, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mr,

Robert Williams, Mr. IVodehouse, Mr. Mr. Pturner, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Wynne, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Hhtde Cotton, Mr. Jcafferson, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Stanley, Mr. V Mr. Watson, Lord Perceval, Lord Advocate of Scotland,

Mr. Alderman Healbcote, Mr. Mackworth, Sir Mordaunt, Mr. Frowfe, Mr.; and all the Gen*

tlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham*' ber.

Mr. Solicitor-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to raise the Militia, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, hath not yet been repaid: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second trmfe. . The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

RcJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to rriblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Britain, and Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

R Ordered,

Clandestine

Outlawries,

Rrifing the Militia,

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

»4

I. — 4° — 6* Novembris. 1745.

Ordered That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, 'raised under the Command of several Noblemen; and of Twenty Independent Companies of Foot, raised for the Highlands; for 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee. /

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next,

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may haye Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

L,unae> 40 die Novembris;

Anno 19* Georgii U" Regis, 1745. Prayers.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a number of Land Forces, including 1,815 Invalids, amounting to 49,229 effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One million Two hundred Ninety-eight thousand One hundred Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the 49,229 effective Men, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding£.64,360. 3 3J. of be granted to his Majesty, for the Fay of Thirteen Regiments of Foot, under the Command of several Noblemen, for One hundred and Twenty-two Days, from the respective Times of their being raised.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Thirteen thousand One hundred Seventy-six Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of Two Regiments ot Horle, under the Command of certain Noblemen, for One hundred Twenty-two Days from the respective Times ot their being raised.

The First and Second Resolution of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

1 he Third Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re committed;

It paired in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth and last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, most humbly to beseech his Majesty, that the Officers in the new Regiments now raising, or already raised, may not be allowed any Rank from their Commissions in the said Regiments, after those Regiments are broke;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Tellers for the Yeas J ^or<^ tellers for the Xcas,| Mr . ! »32.

Tellers for the Noes $ Lord 1 ellers for the Noes, |Mr: ] !55-

So itpaffed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the.House to resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to raise the Militia, although the Month's Fay formerly advanced hath not yet been paid;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon nesday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Novembris;

Anno 190 Georgii 11" Regis, 1745. Prayers.

/~\R D E RED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend the Dean of Chichester, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir Richard Mr.

Hay, the Lord Palmerston, Mr. Denzi/l Qn/lozv, Mr.

Butler,

Rank of Offi* cers in new-raised

Regiment*.

Raising th* Militia.

Supply*

Wav. and Mean*.

Committee ol Privileges.

The Dean of Chichester thanked for his Sermon.

i9 Geo. II.

6" Novembris.

Butler

with.

and Sir Francis Poole, do acquaint him there-

was

Oxford

TJniverfity

Writ.

Mr. Fine also acquainted the House, That he directed by the Committee to move, 'Hut they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisins the

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the lilecting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the University of Oxford, in the room of Ed- Supply granted to his Majesty. ward Butler, Doctor of Laws, dccealed.

That the Order of the Day for the House to Woollen A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to KUnuWture. Parish of Milverton, in the County of Somerset, was pre- consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, lented to the House, and read; complaining of the l)e- be now read:

Supply

cay of the Woollen Manufactories, which, the Petitioners conceive to be owing to the Smuggling of Wool from thele Kingdoms to Foreigners: And therefore praying. That there may be an universal Registry of Wool, dla-blished forthwith, in Great Britain and Ireland -, which, the Petitioners apprehend, will effectually prevent the Grievances complained of; or that the House will please to pursue such other Methods for preventing the lame, as to the House shall seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westminster The House being informed. That Sir Joseph Ayloffe* Bridge. Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament, a State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November ai ft, 1744, to October itth, 1745, both inclusive: And also,

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Bridge, between November 11ft, 1744, and October 6th, 1745, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Taalurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September 29th, 1744, to September 19th, 1745:

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books (containing the said State, Contracts, and Accounts) were read.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House relblved it felt' into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refomtions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow

M

rning.

M*. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have L.eave t fit again.

Refo/ved, That t.as H >use will, upon this Day Seven-nient, rel ive it 1* If into a C immittee of the whole House, to consider turther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to r ife the Militia, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced, hath not yet been repaid.

A M-stage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire. That this House fitting for some time.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting for

Mefface from the Loros for* the House to continue

will continue faiiag.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, *£eir Lordflnps do desire,

to be perused by the Members of the House. ....

Supply.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported f om the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had dire *ed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

And the Messengers were called in again.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had considered their Message; and did agree to continue fitting for some time, as their Lordships do desire.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford ard Conference

Mr VIA,. dell red by

M wo , Lords respect-

Mr. Speaker, in^ Papers

Ul wllullulW) The Lords d> desire a Conference with this House To- pohliflied by

That the Sum of Thirty-five thousand Nine hundred morrow, at Three of the Clock, in the Painted Cham- the Pretender Fifty-two Pounds Ten Shillings, be granted to his Ma- ber.touc-ingcertaintreasonableDeclarations.and printed jesty, for the Pay of Twenty Independent Companies, Tapers, pub.ished and dispersed about the Kingdom, by for Three hundred Sixty-five Days, from the relpedkive Pretender, and his eldest Son.

Times of their being raised. And then the MdTengers withdrew.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, Resolved, That this House doth agree to meet the upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Lords Tomorrow at a Conference, as their Lordships do

Ways and Means.

House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported, from the Committee, That they bad come to several Rdolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Vol. 25.

desire.

And the Messengers were called in again.

And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, Tha' the House had considered their Message; and did agree to meet the Lords Tomorrow at a Conference, as their Lord* ships do desire.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

16

Jovis, 7® d \

Anno 190 Georgii Iiai Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

JUidngthe ORDERED, That the Order of the Day for the

Militia. House to resolve it felt into a Committee of the

whole House, upon the Bill to raise the Militia, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Claul'e or Clauses to enable his Majesty to raise such Part of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England as he shall judge most ready, proper, and convenient, for the Defence of this Kingdom;

The House was moved, That the Second Section of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of l'.is present Majesty, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called , although the

month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for making the Militia within the same more useful, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause or Clauses to enable his Majesty to raise such Part of the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, as he shall judge most ready, proper, and convenient, for the Defence of this Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houte, upon the said Bill.

Conference The Timfe being come for the Conference with the with the Lordsi}

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to manage the said Conference:

And a Committee'was appointed, of Lord Mr. Grenville, Mr. Fox, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lord

Cornbury, Lord HUflmrougfi, Sir Edw* Turner, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mellish, Sir "James Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Walpole, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Francis DafhwOod, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Colonel

Bladen, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Rigby, Lord,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Knight, Sir Charles Mr. Doaington, Mr. Hooper, Mt. Carew, Mr. Fonereau,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Rowney, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Lord Strange, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

Arfcott:

And the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Marquis of Hartington reported the'Conference; and that it was to acquaint this House, That the 'Lords having taken into Consideration fbveral prirfted Papers, complained of to their Lordships; Two of wViich are signed James R. and dated at Rome, the 13d Day of

cember, 1743; and Four signed Charles P. R. dated respectively the 16th of Mthe 2fed of the 9th of October, and the 10th of 1745, had come to

the following Resolutions; viz.

Reflations Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

n Papers jn Parliament assembled. That the Two'printed Papers paWifliedby jespectively signed James R. and dated at Rime, the 23 d *ee e Day of December, 1743; and the Four printed'Papers signed Charles P. R. dated respectively the 16 th Day of May, 1745, Augufl22d, 1745, the 9th' Day of October, 1745, and the 10th Day of 1745, are

false, scandalous, and traiterous Libels, intended to poi-fen the Minds of his Majesty's Subjects; containing the most malicious, audacious, and wicked Incitements to them to commit the most abominable Treasons, ground-id's and infamous Calumnies and Indignities, against the Government, Crown, and sacred Person, of his most Excellent Majesty King George the Second, our only right-

A. 1745.

fal and undoubted Sovereign, and seditious and pft-sumptuous Declarations against the Oonstitution of this united Kingdom; representing the High Court of Parliament, naw legally assembled by his Majesty's Autho-thority, as an unlawful Afi'embly, and all the Acts of Parliament passed since the late happy Resolution, as null and void; and that the said printed Papers are full of the utmost Arrogance, and insolent Affronts to the Honour of the British Nation, in suppofntg, that his Majesty's Subjects are capable of being mipoled upon, seduced, or terrified, by false and opprobrious Invectives, insidious Promises, or vain and impotent Menaces , or of being deluded to exchange the free Enjoyment of their Rights and Liberties, as well civil as religious, under the well* established Government of a Protestant Prince, for Popery and Slavery, under a Popish bigotted Pretender, long fitice excluded by the wisest Laws made to secure our excellent Constitution, and abjured by the most l'olemn Oaths.

Resolved, By the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament afi'embled, That, in Abhorrence and De-testation of such vile and treasonable Practices, the said several printed Papers be burnt by the Hands of the common Hangman, at the Royal Exchange, in London, on Tuesday the Twelfth Day of this Instant November, at

One of the Clock in the Afternoon; and that the Sheriffs of London do then attend, and cause the same to be burnt there accordingly.

To which Resolution their Lordships desire the Concurrence of this House: And that the Conference also was, to communicate to this House the said several printed Papers.

And the said Report being read;

And the said several printed Papers being also read;

And the First of the said Resolutions being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Reflation:

And the Blank was filled up with the Words " and " Commons."

The Second of the said Resolutions being read a Second time

Resolved, Nemitte contradicente, That this House doth agree with the Lords in the said Resolution:

And the Blank was filled up with the Words, "and,

Commons."

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords. Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference. desired with

Ordered, That the Earl df Middlesex do go to the the ^ords' Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The Earl of Middlesex reported. That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Confer* ence-upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same presently in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who -managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

Ordered, That the several printed Papers, communicated by the Lords to this House, be delivered to the Lords at the Conference, together with the Resolutions, which the Lords desired the Concurrence of this House:

And that their Lordships be acquainted, that this House hath agreed to the said'Resolutions.

Then the Names of the Managers were called over; and they went to the Conference:

And being returned;

The Marquis of Hartington reported, That the Ma- Acquainted nagers had been at the Conference with the Lords, and left with their Lordships the several printed Papers com- commonsi* municated by the Lords to this House; and had ac- fain Rcfi>-quainted their Lordships, That this House had agreed to luii»r»* the Reflations to which their Lordships had desired the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Means.-

to

7* Novembris.

rp Geo. II. 7® — 8®-w li i f

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had dtrested him to report to the' House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and axe as follov.-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound be raised in the Year 1746, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towaids raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Aof Parliament of the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1746, be further continued and charged upon all Male which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great , from the 23d Day of June 1746, to the 34th Day of June 1747.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to these Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Henry , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of,

Mr. Arundel, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr, and do pre-

pare, and bring in, the lame.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Relblutionswhich the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it i8 the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, employed for the Year 1745, be continued for the Service of the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Six thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year 1746.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Hyule.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° Novembris j

Anno iQ'Georgi IU* Regis, 1745.

Praters.

Supply Bill; 1V/I^' ^ane Prc^entec* to Hourc, according to Or-Land Tax. J.YI. der, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1746: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Scotch Court The House was moved, That an Act of the Parlia-of Session ment of Scotland, made in the Second Session of the First Indemnity. \ot.. aj.

Parliament of King James the Seventh, intituled, Act Anent, the Session May 16, 1686, might be read:

And the said Act being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in Sc for not meet- '

ing upon the First Day of November 1745, as by Law appointed, and to adjourn the said Court to a further'

Day: And that Mr. Hinne Campbell and Mr. Ofitiald, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. '

\ b

The Order of the Day being read: '

The Hdufe resolved itself into a Committee of the Railing the whole House, upon the Bill to raise the Militia, although Militia* the Month's Pay formerly advanced1 hath not yet been repaid. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Colonel Bladen took the Chair of+he Committee.'*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Colonel Bladen reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- ments t hereunto; which they had directed him to repdrt,-when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be1 now received.

Colonel Bladen accordingly reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he rfead the Report in his Place;

once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Ceireioreported from the Committee, to whom Eland:iin*

the Bill lor the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawrin. Outlawries was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, ope by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege#.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 11° die Novembris \

Anno 190 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1745.

Praters.

MR. Fane presented to the Houfir, according to Supply Bill;

Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Duty on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great M*It, Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1746: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land- supply BiH; Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Tax. Year 1746, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

F Resolved,

Y'- T u ,u,t,'r i'i 1 iiJLII n i

Hi.'J «PW»

Raising the Milifia.

Petition! respf&in* the Woollen Manufe&ure,

Clandcstine

Outlawries

Committee

of

Privileges.

Leave of Absence.

Committee

of

Privileges.

11 ° — i a* — 130 Novembris. A- 1745*

Resolved, Thni this House will* upon W".dnesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to raise the Militia, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to raise the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month's Pay formerly ad-

vanced hath not yet been repaid; and to raise such Part of the said Militia as shall be judged moll proper, ready, and convenient.

Ordered, That Mr- Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, and Manufacturers, of and Neigh-

bourhood, in Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, and Manufacturers, of lpfwick, and Neighbourhood, in the County of Suffolk: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Farmers, £sV. of the Parishes of Ring sale and in the County of Suffolk: And aim,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Stow-Market, in the County of Suff: And also, A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of the Town of Needham: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of the Towns of Bilder-stone, Combs, and Naughton, in the County of Suffolk;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of the clandestine Running of unmanufactured Wool and Woollen Yarn and Worsted to France, and other foreign Parts , and recom-

mending an universal Register in a Parochial Service: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti:, 12° die Novembris)

Anno 19* Georgii lldl Regis, 1745.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That Mr. tVindham Acte have Leave to " go to the Bath, for the Recover)' of his Health.

Ordered, That Lord StrangeMr. , Mr. Powell*

Mr. Muir, Mr. Gxvyn, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Carteret, Mr. Gore, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Mr.

Mckye, Mr. Vyner, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t

Mercurii130 dieNovembris\

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745. 7

Praters.

A PETITION of the Persons, whole Names are Crediton thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and Arrears of several others. Inhabitants of Crediton, in the County of L*1-'1* Devon, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, that on Sunday the 14th Day of August 1743, a sudden and most terrible Fire happened in the West Town and Borough of Crediton aforesaid, by which the said Town, excepting a very few Houses, was consumed to Allies; which unhappy Accident necessarily occasioned a considerable Deficiency in the Land Tax, from Midsummer 1743, to Lady-day 1744, amounting to the Sum of Fifty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings; all which laid Sum was charged on the said Houses and Stock in Trade, lo consumed, and Hill remains in Arrear, and unpaid: And that, by Means of the Poverty of the said Inhabitants, who were intirely unprovided with Materials for building, and also from the Scarcity and excessive Price of Timber for building, from abroad, far the greatest Part of the said Town Hill remain* unfinished} by which Means, there happens a Deficiency in the Land Tax on the Grid Houses for the Year 1744, and for the present Year 1745, amounting to the further Sum of One hundred Forty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, as will appear by the Account to the Petition annexed: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that, in Companion to the distressed Circum-llances of the Petitioners, and also to prevent any Procel* from issuing out of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer against the atfling Commissioners of the Land Tax for the said County and Division, on account of such Arrears, the House will take into Consideration the same of the unhappy Sufferers; and that they may be excused from paying the said Arrears incurred in the Year 1743 and 1744, and also from the Charge on the said Houses and Stock in Trade, for the present Year 1745; and that no Process may issue against the said ailing Commissioners, on account of such Deficiences; or will give such other Relief, as the House shall think fit, to the Petitioners, under their present Circumstances.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1746, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Relief of the Petitioners, upon their said Petition.

Mr. Hume Campbell presented to the House, according Scotch to Order, a Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in Curt of Scotland, for not meeting upon the ill Day of November demnity.0" 1745, as by Law appointed, and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Supply BID; Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Dutw* on England \ and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties Malt, &c. upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1746; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upoij Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wav* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meant. 20 consider

19 Geo. II. 13* — 14® — 150 Novemlrit. 19

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

SapjJy. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

S«ppty Bill» The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service

of the Year 1746;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency' of the Land Tax for the Year 1744, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1746.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commifteo.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progrei's in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Town and Parish of Wivel'tfcombe, Woollen and Parts adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was pre- Manufacture, fented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufactures of their Country; ascribed by the Petitioners to the smuggling British and Irijk Wool to Foreigners: And therefore praying. That the House would foithwith, either by euabliftiing an universal Registry, or by such other Means as the House shall think fit, use their utmost and immediate Endeavours to put an effectual Stop to this notorious and ruinous Practice.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.,

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, Royal Assent Gentleman Ulhcr of the Black Rod: to Bil*-

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was plealed to give the Royal Assent to One public Bill; viz.

An Act to raise the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced hath not yet been repaid; and to raise such Part of the said Militia as shall be judged most proper, ready, and convenient.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jervis^ 140 die Novembris;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745. Prayers.

Wool fen 14auufa;turc

AP E TITI O N of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Woollen Manufacturers, and others, in the several Towns and Parishes <'f Culmstock, Burlefcombe, Holcombe, Hockworthy, &c. in the County of Devon, was presented 10 the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufacture; And recommending a Scheme published some time since for an universel Registry for the Growth of all the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland, to be carried on, and continued, by a parochial Service: And praying Consideration of the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Railing the A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Militia. E/dc:

Mr. Speaker,

-The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to raile the Militia of that Part of Great Britain called England, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and to raise such Part of the said Militia as shall be judged most proper, ready, and convenient; without any Amendment;

And then the Mcflciigcis withdrew.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Woollen Manufacturers, Farmers, Renters, in the Hundred of Halber/jn, and Pari Hus thereto belonging, in the County of Dr,m, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Manufactories, which were wont to flouiifh amongst them; owing altogether, as the Petitioner allege, to the Exportation of the Wool of Gre.it Britain and Ireland to foreign Countries, unmanufactured: And praying Relief.

Vol. 15.

V eneris, 150 die N ov; Anno iq* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

AB I L L to indemnify the Court of Session in Scot- ScotchCourt land, for not meeting upon the First Day of No- Session vember 1745, as by Law appointed; and to adjourn the Inden, nity-said Court to a further Day; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1746, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Duties on upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, *&c* Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year 1746;

15* — 20° NovA. 1745.

30

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gwd Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to di-rest that the Deficiency which shall be, on the 25th Day of March 1746, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1744, to satisfy Principal and Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1746.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 190 die Novevlbris; 1

Anno 19' Georgii II. Regis, 1745.

Prayers. j

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported from the ®"PP?T Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, innhat Part of Great Britain called England', and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year *746; was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?) 18° die Novembris;

Anno 190 Georgii IP1' Regis, 1745.

Praters.

Scotch Court /T"' H E Order of the Day being read, for the House of Session tQ resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Indemnity. Upon the Bill to indemnify the Court of Session

in Scotland, for not meeting upon the ift Day of November 1745, as by Law appointed; and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Supply Bill; Mr. Fane reported from the Committee of the whole Land Tax. House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the Service of the Year 1746, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; as far as the Amendment, Clause A; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, declaring what Estates, and to whatAmount, Persons shall be poflclTed of, who aft as Commissioners for the City and Liberty of Westmi after, being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were made to the said Clause.

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause, so amended;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TdlOT for ,hc Yeas' { Mr BS' J <6-

TeUers for the Noes,| j 39.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The last Amendment, being Clause B, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by1 the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in crofted.

mi

Mercurii, 20° die Novembris;

Anno 19° Georgii IId‘ Regis. 1745.

Prayers.

MR. Scrope presented to the House, purfoant to SurplaJTe*. their Address to his Majesty;

Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1745: And also,

Surplusses dated at Michaelmas 1745.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surpluflcsare bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land -Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1746, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Press 66, Line 31, by leaving out the Clause which relates to the Qualification of the Commissioners for the City and Liberty of Westminster:

And the Question being put. That the Clause proposed to be left out, (land Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas f ^r' tellers for the leas^ Mf

Tellers for the Noes *Sir Wm' tellers xor me es^Mr PfQ^t

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1746.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply B31{ Land Tax.

The Orders of the Day. being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole — dMeam. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grainted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

19 Geo. II. 2i° — 250 —

Jcvis, 2i°;

Anno 19° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1745*

Fkayiks,

Supply Bill; A N ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Duties on j[\ Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Malt, &c. Great Britain called En; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called , for the Service of the Year 1746; was read the Third time* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder* and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and fer granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scot, for the Service of the Year 1746.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Motion re- A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, {peaing the That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, ava orce. dumbly to represent to his Majesty the high Im-

portance, and urgent Necefiuy, of further securing, in this formidable Conjuncture, a Superiority at Sea, for the more effectual Protection of the Navigation and Commerce of his Majesty's Subjects; and, above all, in order entirely to frustrate and confound all pc'ffible Efforts of the united Enemies of the Religion and Liberty of this Kingdom, in Favour of a Popish Pretender to the Crown of this Realm: And most humbly to offer to his Majesty the Advice of his faithful Commons, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for the strengthening and augmenting the naval Force of Great Britain, in such manner as his Majesty shall, in his Royal Wisdom, judge most conducive to these great and (alutary Purposes; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will chearfully grant such Supplies as shall be found necessary for the fame;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, after the Word " House," and before the Word " will," these Words; " upon proper " Estimates thereof being laid before them."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, foamended, being proposed; And the previous Question being put. That that

Question be now put:

The House divided. The Noes went forth.

Tellers for (lie Yeas,jMr^Coeke^'

rr % I, r *i_ vr S Lord Baltimore, Tellers for the Noes.J Mr,

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Ltmee, 250 die Novembris;

Anno 19* Georgii IId! Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Princess of f H E Lord Perceval reported, That her Royal High-WaWs An- ness the Princess of Wales had been attended with

lwer jo con- th€ congratulatory Message of this House, on the Increase McffageT^ of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness being happily delivered of another Prince: And that her Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer;

I return my Thanks to the House of Commons, for the Regard which they have shewn to the Prince and me.

Voi.. 25.

2t

The Ordefs of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMorh- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means, House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* Supply*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Novembris

Anno 19° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords* by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Ijill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Land Ta*. raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Duties on Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and &c'

for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; without any Amendi-ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Address for posed.That an humble Address be presented to his Ma- *-jesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the »t Chatham. Minutes, and the Proceedings, taken at, and upon, the several Trials of Captain George Burrish, Captain Edmund Williams, Captain John Ambrose, Lieutenant Henry Lieutenant Charles Davids, Lieutenant William and Lieutenant Cornelius Smelt, respectively, before the Court-martial lately held at Chatham; and all the Proceedings relating the reunto:

The following Amendments were proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " all," and the Words " Minutes, and the Proceedings taken at, and " upon, the ;" and, by inferring, after the Word " several," these Words, " Sentences of the Court-martial, lately held at Chatham, upon theand also, by

leaving out these Words, before the Court-martial lately held at Chatham; and all the Proceedings relating the reunto."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Sentences of the Court-martial lately held at Chatham, upon the Trials of Captain George Burrish,

Captain Edmund Williams, Captain John Ambrose, Lieutenant Henry Page, Lieutenant Charles Davids, Lieutenant William Griffiths, and Lieutenant Cornelius Smelt, respectively.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Minutes, and the Proceedings, taken at, and upon, the several Trials of Captain George Burrish, Captain Edmund Williams, Captain John Ambrose, Lieutenant Henry , Lieutenant Charles Davids, Lieutenant William Griffiths, and Lieutenant Cornelius Smelt, respectively, berorc the

G Court*

2 a 6° — 27° Novembris. — ioA. 1745.

Court-martial lately held at Chatham; and all the Proceedings relating the reunto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

Scotch Court Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-of Session night, resolve ftHelf into a Committee of the whole n emnitjr. Uj)on the Bill to indemnify the Court of Session

in Scotland, for not meeting upon the First Day of November 1745, as by Law appointed and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Mercuriij 2J° Novembris;

Answer to Addresses.

Anno 190 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

MR. Winnington reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The Orders of the Day being read;

"Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-nd Means. njght, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his JVIa-

' j' % -

Royal Assent A Meflfage from his Majesty, by Sir Charles to Bills. Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up . to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public Bills following , viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotla, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six.

And that afterwards the Lord Chancellor signified his Majesty's Pleasure, That both Houses of Parliament should forthwith severally adjourn themselves until Tuef-day the icth Day of December next.

And the House accordingly adjourned until 'Tuesday the 10th Day of December next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

MartiS, 10° die Decembris j Anno 19* Georgii II. Regis, 1745. Prayers.

Dr.Newton /ORDERED, That the Reverend Doctor Newton, to preach on Rector of Saint Mary le , in the City of London, be Fast-day. <jcf, retj to preach before this House, at Saint

Westminster, upon Wednesday the iSth Day of this Instant December, being the Day appointed by his Majesty'.s Royal Proclamation for a General Fait; And that the Lord Carpenter and Mr. Fiankland do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequeracquainted the House, House ac That he had received his Majesty's Commands to acquaint quauuedwith this House, That his Majesty having had just Reason to apprehend Archibald Stewart Esquire, late Provost of Member. Edinburgh, a Member of this House, upon Suspicion ot High Treason, hathcaufed him to be apprehended; and desires the Consent of this House to his being committed and detained, according to an Act of this present Session of Parliament, to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall tuspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addref. his Majesty, That he will be pleased to give Order for thereupon, committing and detaining Archibald Esquire,

late Provost of Edinburgh, a Member of this l loufe, pursuant to the Act of this Session.of Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motion rr-That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, specting th* That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, 1" ,be that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Orders w ° which have been given with respect to the bringing home the British Cavalry from the Netherlands; specitying the Persons to whom such Orders were directed, and the Dates thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for } 4r.

Tellers for tire Noes,|^J' . j 138.

So it paCTed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday the Ways 27th Day of November last, for the House to relblve itself anti Mean*, into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingiv;

Ordered, That the said Order be dilchurged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means lor raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the Supply,

27th Day of November last, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Eloufe Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for.exc- Tapers «-cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, tpeftint; presented to the House, pursuant to their Address 'to his Majesty,

N° I. Copy of the Sentence of the Court-martial held upon the Trial of Captain George Burrish.

II. Copy of the Sentence of the Court-martial held upon the Trial of Captain Edmund Williams.

III. Copy of the Sentence of the Court-martial held upon the Trial of Captain John Ambrose.

IV. Copy of the Sentence of the Court-martial held upon the Trials of Lieutenant Henry Page, Lieutenant

Charles

19 Geo. II. 10° — i 8® — 190 Dicembris.

25

Scotch Court of Session Indcmairy.

Charles Davids, Lieutenant William Griffiths, and

Lieutenant Cornelius Smelt.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, To morrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in Scotland, for not meeting upon the First Day of November 1745,

signed by his Majesty; and he presented the same to French in the House'; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the ^c0 n Members in the House being uncovered) and Is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

His Majesty having received Undoubted Intelligence, that Preparations are making at Dunand other Ports of France, which are now in great Forwardness, for in-

vading this Kingdom with a considerable Number of Forces, in support of the Rebellion carrying on here, ih favour of the Pretender to his Crown; and some Troops being already actually landed in Scotland, under the Command of a Person who has sent a Message to the

as by Law appointed; and to adjourn the said Court to Generals of some of his Majesty's Forces, declaring that a further Day. L-: ——

Adjournment by Signification from the King.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That it being his Majesty's Pleasure that the Parliament should be adjourned until Wednesday the 18th Day of this instant December, his Majesty desires that

he is come into this Kingdom to make War against his Majesty, by the Orders of the French King; his Majesty has thought it proper to acquaint the House of Commons with an Event of such high Importance to his Crown, and to the Peace and Security of these Kingdoms: And his Majesty having, the last Summer taken

the Clock

The House attends Divine Service ob Fast-day.

Dr. Newton thanked for preaching.

this House will adjourn itself until Wednesday the 18th into his Service Six thousand Jroops, by virtue

Day of this instant December. ' of a Treaty concluded between his Majesty and the King

of Sweden, Landgrave of dated the Dsty

And the House accordingly adjourned until Wednesday of June 1745, has judged it necellkry todireft the said

the 18th Day of this instant December, Twelve of Troops to be brought into this Kingdom, in or-

der, in Conjunction with his Majesty's British Forces,* the more effectually to repel the said Invasion, and to suppress the present Rebellion: His Majesty therefore doubts not, from the experienced Zeal, Duty, and Affection of his faithful Commons, that they will enable him to make good the said Treaty, will llrengthen his Hands, and concur in all such Measures as shall be necessary for disappointing and defeating so dangerous an Attempt, and for the Security of his Person and Government, and the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of this Kingdom. His Majesty has also ordered a Copy of the said Treaty to be laid before this House.

G. R.

Dr. Ruther-forth to preach on 30th January.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Mercuriiy 18° d Decembris;

Anno 19® Georgii IP* Regis, 1745.

NO Prayers were said in the House, because the House attended the Divine Service, and heard a Sermon, at St. Margaret's, from whence

Mr. Speaker, with the Members, and Clerk, walked to the; House.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend DoClor Newton, for the Sermon by him this Day preached before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster', and that he be desired to print the fame: And that the Lord Carpenter and Mr. Frankland do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Reverend Dr. Rutherjorth, of St. John's College in Cambridge, be desired to preach before this House, at Saint Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. Burrell and Mr. Jenynsdo acquaint him therewith.

J.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Scotch Court of Setfion Indemnity.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House,

Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe-Cafel, for 6000 Hejftans, signed and concluded at Hanover, TST June 1745: And also,

A Translation thereof.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Translation of the said Treaty is as followeth; viz.

Translation of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJe-CaJfel, for 6coo Hejffians, signed and concluded at

-nr June 1745.

Be it known to all those to whom it shall appertain: As it is come to pass, by the Circumstances of the Times, that the Treaty concluded at Westminster the 9th May, in the Year 1740, by which his Majesty the King of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe, granted to his Majesty the Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in Scotland, (or the King of Great Britain, a Body of 6000 Men, of hi* not meeting upon the First Day of November 1745, as Troops, for the Space of Four Years, could not be

Messags r?-Ipeding the landing of the

by Law appointed; and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 19* die Decembris;

Anno 19® Georgii IIa Regis, 1745. Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty.

VOL 2 5.

Treaty toi Hefiian Troops.

continued; but that the said Troops entered info another Service; their said British and Swedish Majesties intending to renew at present the said Treaty, excepting some frpall Alterations, have named* for this Purpose, to wit, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, his Privy-CoUn-fellor William Earl of Harrington, one of his principal Secretaries of State, and his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe, his Privy-Counsellor Lewis John d' djjebourg, who, by virtue of their full Powers,

have agreed upon the following Articles and Conditions.

There shall be, between their Majesties, their Succffors, and Heirs, and their Subjects, a finccrc Friendship,

and

19* D,ecemiris. 1745.

Treaty for and most drift Union, so that the otie shall consider the . Hcffian Interests of the other as his own; and shall apply himself, Troops. \yjth good faith, to advance them to the utmost; and to prevent and keep off, mutually, all Trouble and Damage from each other.

IL

To this end it is agreed. That all the preceding Treaties, chiefly of Guaranty, shall be deemed to be renewed and confirmed, by the present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses; and shall be of the same Force as if they were inserted here. Word for Word; so far forth as they are not derogated fresh by the present Treaty.

III.

His Swedish Majesty, as Landgrave of , having still, in consequence of the last Treaty, some extraordinary Expences to demand, on account of the said 6000 Men of his Troops, during the Campaigns of the Years . 1742 and 1743, his Britannick Majesty engages, that he will take care that the Demand of his Majesty,

.on the Account of the said extraordinary Expences, be , fully satisfied on his Part, as soon as the necessary Vojich-ers and Documents shall have been produced, and that the Amount of that Debt shall have been duly ascertained and settled.

IV.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having desired . that his Majesty the King of as Landgrave of

Hejfe, would be pleased to hold in Readiness a Body of his Hejfian Troops, for the Service of his Britannick Majesty, in case the Welfare of his Kingdoms and States demanded this Succour, his Majesty the King of Sweden has been pleased to comply therewith; promising and engaging, by virtue of this Article, to hold in Readiness, for this Purpose, during the Term of Four successive Years, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, a Body of 6000 Men; to wit. Twelve hundred Cavalry or Dragoons, and Four thousand Eight hundred Infantry, provided with General Officers and Subalterns, properly mounted, and armed, in a Condition to march for the Service of his Majesty the King of Grecft Britain, Two Months after that the Requisition shall have been made; or (ooner, if it should be possible; unless the immediate Defence of the Kingdpms and States of his Britannick Majesty should require them; in which case they shall march forthwith, after the Requisition shall have been made: And the said Troops shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Britannick Majesty, when they shall havepafied the Frontiers of without Prejudice to that which they have taken to his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave: His said Majesty reserving farther to himself the filling up of all the Vacancies which shall happen in the said Body, asalfothe Administration of Justice.

V.

notwithstanding what is stipulated in the precedin Article, with respect to the Time of the Requisition, it is agreed, considering the present Circumstances, That his Swedish Majesty shall cause to march, in a Month, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of this Treaty, from the Country of Hejfe, towards the Netherlands, the said Body of 6000 Men, in order to join there forthwith the confederate Army, under the Command of his Royal Highness the Duke of or to repair

to such other Place as his Britannick Majesty shall appoint them: Saving always, the Exceptions which are contained in the Eighth Article of this Treaty; and to serve there as long a Time as his Britannick Majesty shall have Occasion for them, pursuant to the present Engagements.

VI.

His Britannick Majesty promises to pay to his Majesty the King of Sweden, to commence from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, and to be continued as long as these Troops shall be really in his Pay, an annual Subsidy of a Hundred- Fifty thousand Banco Crowns; and for the Time that they shall not be any longer therein, but shall be.sent back, and placed again to the Charge 22

of the Finances of his Swedish Majesty, his Britannick Majesty shall augment this Subsidy to the Currency of Two hundred Fifty thousand Banco Crowns: The Payment of the one and the other to be regularly made without Deduction, and Quarterly, in the Town of Cajfel, into the Military Chest of his Swedish Majesty, authorized for the Receipt thereof.

vn.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having already paid in full, by virtue of the preceding Treaty, the Levy of the said 6000 Men, will charge himself with the Pay and Entertainment, as well ordinary as extraordinary, of the Officers, Troopers, and Foot-Soldiers, of this Body, from the Day that the said 6000 Men shall be assembled in a Body, and shall begin their March from the Country of Hejfe towards the Netherlands, for his Service j and this Pay, as well ordinary as extraordinary, shall be settled upon the Foot of that of the Hejfian Troops, granted by the Treaties of 1702, Article 5th and 6th; and of 1726, Article 6th; and by that of 1740: And it shall be remitted into the Military Chest, without any Deduction or Abatement, in order to make the Distribution thereof: And if it should happen, unfortunately, that any of the Regiments, or Companies, of the said Body, should be ruined or destroyed, in the Whole, or in Part, his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall cause to be paid, without Delay, into the above-mentioned Chest, the Expences of the necessary Recruits and Remounts, in order to reinstate (peedily die Regiments, or Companies: And theft: Recruits and Remounts shall be regulated in like manner, on the Foot of those which were fumilhcd to the HeJJian Officers, in virtue of the Treaty of 1702, Article 5th, to the end that this Body may be always kept up; and sent back hereafter in as good a Condition as it was delivered.

VIII.

It shall depend on his Britannick Majesty to keep this Body of Troops in his Service all the Time of the Duration of this Treaty, to serve wherever he may have Occasion for them; provided that it be not in the Fleet, or on the other Side of the Sea, as soon as it shall once depart the Hereditary States of his Swedish Majesty; excepting, nevertheless, for the Defence of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and of Ireland; in which case these Troops shall enjoy wholly, and without any Restriction, the feme Pay and Emoluments which the English Troops enjoy: And when his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall be pleased to (end back the said Troops, he shall make it known to his Majesty the King of Sweden Three Months before-hand; and shall cause to be paid them One Month's Pay for their Return; providing them with the necessary Transport-Ships gratis. It is farther agreed. That the said Hejfian Troops shall not be employed neither against the Kingdom of Sweden itself, nor against any of the Provinces thereto belon^ng.

In case that his Majesty the King of Sweden should find himself attacked, or disturbed in the Possession of his Hereditary States, his Britannick Majesty promises and engages to fend him back, immediately, the said Body of Troops; paying them not only a Month's Pay, but providing them also, gratis, the Transport-Ships requisite for their Return; and to give also to his Swedish Majesty as Landgrave of HJfe, all the Succour of Troops which the case shall require; which Succour shall be continued to him till he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace: As his Majesty the King of Sweden, in quality of Landgrave, on his Part, promises also, that in case that his Majesty the King of Great Britain should be attacked, or disturbed, in his Kingdoms, States, Lands, Provinces, or Towns, he will give him also all the Succour which the case shall require; which Succotir shall be in like manner continued till he shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace.

X.

In order to render this Alliance an Union the more perfect, and not to leave any Doubt to the Parties upon the

Cer-

19 Geo. II 19* — 20°

Certainty of the Succour which they have to expect the One or the other, it is e*pressly agreed, That, in order to judge lor the future, if the Caleof this Alliancy, and of the ft pulated Succour exist or not, it shall suffice that One of the Parties be actually attacked by force of Arms, without having used before, open Force against that which attacks it.

XI.

In case that his Britannick Majesty should have Occasion, during the Continuance of this Treaty, of another Body of the HJJian Troops of his Swedish Majesty, his said Majesty proniifes and engages to furnish it to him. On the (amc Conditions, with respect to the SubGdy, and to the Pay, in proportion to the effective Number of this ne.v Body, concerning which they shall hereafter agree; provided that in that Calc as his Majesty will have

incurred many considerable Expences to mount, and put into a good Condition, such a Body, his Britannick Majesty, to relieve him therein, shall cause to be paid, on account of the Levies, to his Majesty the follow-

ing Sums; that is to say, for each Trooper duly armed, and mounted, Four-score Banco Crowns; and for each Foot-Soldier, Thirty; One Half to be paid immediately after the Signature of the new Convention which shall be made then for this Purpose, and the other Half when the said Second Body of Hejfian Troops shall be delivered.

XII.

This Treaty shall last the Term of Four Years, io be reckoned from the Day of the Signature: And if their Majesties should think proper to continue, prolong, or alter it, they shall, in that Cafe, treat about it Three Months before it expires, according to the Exigence of Affairs.

XIII.

The Ratifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged at Hanover, within a Month after the Signature; or looner, if it can be done. In Testimony whereof, we the underwritten, furnished with the full Powers of the most serene Kings of Great Britain and of Sweden, have signed the present Treaty, and have set thereto the Seals ot our Arms. Done at Hanover the T'r Day of the Month of June 1745.

(L. S.) Harrington. (L. S.) Lewis John

A Motion being made, and the Question being prepared, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty our Thanks for communicating to this House the Advices he has received of the Preparations making at Dunkirk, and other Ports of France, for invading this Kingdom, in Support of a Po-pish Pretender, and of the actual Landing of some French Troops in Scdtland; to express our Detestation and Abhorrence of this daring Attempt, and of the insolent Declaration of the Person who takes upon him the Command of those Troops; to return his Majesty our Thanks for his paternal Care for the Security and Safety of his People, in directing the Hejfia Troops, taken into his Majesty's Service last Summer, to be brought into this Kingdom, in order the more effectually to repel the said Invasion, and to suppress the present most unnatural Rebellion; to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good any Expence incurred on that Account; that we will, with our Lives and Fortunes, support his Majesty's most sacred Person and Government, and heartily concur in such further Measures, as shall be found necessary to put a Strength in his Majesty's Hands, sufficient, by the Blelfing ot God, to deter our avowed Enemies from prosecuting their ambitious DeGgns, totally to extinguish the present wicked Rebellion, and to refeue these Kingdoms from all ApprehenGons of Popery and arbitrary Power;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words "his paternal Care for * the Security and Safety of his People, in directing" and infer ting, inllead thereof, these Words, " having Vol. 25.

" acquainted this House, that he has given Directions Treaty for " for," in order to introduce, after the Word " Ac- Hessian

" count," and before the Word "that" these Words, Troops. " as a strong Instance of that ardent Zeal for his Majesty's Person and Government, which this House deGres particularly to manifest in this critical Conjuncture, and in full Confidence that his Majesty will, from " his paternal Care, exonerate the Nation, as loon as " possible, irom the Burthen of foreign Troops; and in " Discharge of our Duty to his Majesty and our Country,

" most humbly to represent to his Majesty, That it is " the Opinion of this House, that the national Strength " of this Kingdom is the natural, constitutional, and (afeft Means of defending the religious and civil Rights " of this Kingdom, and ot preserving his Majesty's Person and Government, and the Protestant Succession in " his Royal House; and to allure his Majesty."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, { ^tll. } t»o.

Tellers for the Noes,} 44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty our Thanks for communicating to this House the Advices he has received of the Preparations making at Dunkirk, and other Ports of France, for invading this Kingdom, in Support of a Popish Pretender, and of the actual Landing of (ome French Troops in Scotland; to express our Detestation and Abhorrence of this daring Attempt, and of the infftent Declaration of the Person who takes upon him the Command of those Troops; to return his Majesty our Thanks for his paternal Care for the Security and Safety of his People, in directing the Hejfian Troops, taken into his Majesty's Service last Summer, to be brought into this Kingdom, in order the more effectually to repel the said Invasion, and to suppress the present most unnatural Rebellion; to assure his Majesty, that this House will make good any Expence incurred on that Account; that we will, with our Lives and Fortunes, support his Majesty's most sacred Person and Government, and heartily concur in such further Measures, as shall be found necessary to put a Strength in his Majesty's Hands, sufficient, by the Blef-sing of God, to deter our avowed Enemies from prosecuting their an.bitious DeGgns, totally to extinguish the present wicked Rebellion, and to refeue these Kingdoms from all ApprehenGons of Popery and arbitrary Power;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Teller, for th. Yea}

Teller, for he } S*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vi merit, 20° die Decembris;

Anno 19® Georgii 11" Regis, 1745.

Praters.

MR. Secretary at War reported to the House, That Anfrrertp their Address of Yesterday had been presented to AMteft, his Majesty: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

H I thank

o6 20* — 23* Decembris — 7° — 140 . 1745".

I thank you for this dutiful and afie&ionate Address. As I have always made the Laws of the Land the Rule of my Government, you may be allured I shall make no other Use of the Trust you repose'm me, but to defeat any Attempts of our Enemies, and to suppress the pre-feut Rebellion; which, by your Vigour and Support, I doubt not, with tile BleiTing of God, toon to accom-pliftt.

Way* The Orders of the Day being read; and Mean. Refoivtd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif* ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Reje/ved, That, this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

1 ti — - — - . ——

fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And tire laid Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

ReJ'olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seyen-night, resolve itself into a Committee of t he whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing tli« Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday the 23d Day of December last, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House Tomorrow, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.-

Jounce, 23* dit Decembris;

Anno i9* Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

Martis, 140 die Januarii;

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

Pray feiis.

Alie's Name. A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Eldt and JTX Mr. Thursen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palSed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Leman, porftuat to the Will of Sir William Leman, Baronet, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefleagers withdrew.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called Jover upon Thurs House* day the loth Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Culiody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Wiya Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

and Means, night, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon WFortnight, resolve itself intoa Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then die House adjourned till Tomorrow Fortnight, the 7th Day of January next, Nine of the Clock in the Morning*

mmni - - I, - aj , - - , -n * -.-l* ..j

Martis, 70 die Januarii j

Anno 190 Georgii IL41 Regis, 1745.

Canterbury

Writ.

Prayers.

JljR DE RED, That Mr-. Speaker do issue his War rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Gitizerito serve in Hi is present Parliament for the City o {Canin the room of the Honourable TJitmas Watson Esquire.now Earl of Rockingham, called up to the House of Peers.

Haw Ordered, 71;at die Order, made upon Monday the 23d

and Mean*. of December last, for the House to resolve itself into n Committee of the-whole House Tomorrow, to con-

i£>

Prayers.

A M E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir

Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman Usherof the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty. was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent M iftakes, obtai ned a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

At the Opening of this Session of Parliament, I did not think it proper to lay any thing before you, for your Consideration, but what immediately related to the present unnatural Rebellion, and our Security at Home: The daring Attempt, which the Rebels have since made upon this Part of my Kingdom, has been happily disappointed: And as their precipitate Flight before a small Number of my Troops, must greatly dispirit their Followers, so that inviolable Duty and Loyalty, which have been so univerlally and steadily shewn by my faithful Subjects, and shall never be forgotten by me, must convince them, how vain and ill-grounded their Hopes were of any Addition of Strength from such an Enter-prize. 1 have not only sent a considerable Body of our h&tional Forces into Scotland, and ordered Troops, in my Pay, to be landed there; but have also made such a Disposition of the rest of my Forces, by Land as well as by Sea, that I hope, by the Bldfing of God, this Rebellion will, in a short time be extinguished; and our Enemies, who have so long menaced us with an Invasion, be deterred by the fealonable Preparations made for our Defence.

The Election of the Emperor, which I very Zcaloufiy promoted, was an Event of great Importance, not only to the support of the House of but to the Li-

berties of Europe in general. I did also, during the Course of the last Year, exert my earned endeavours to bring about an Accommodation between the Emprels, the King of Poland, and the King of Prussia; and laid a proper Foundation for it, by the Convention made between me and the King of u This great Work

Supply.

Me flag* t* attend the King.

The King's

Speech

reported.

Ad dr* ft on the King's Speech.

19 Geo. II. 14*

being at length perfected, tinder fny Mediation, by the Treaty lately concluded at the interior Tran-

quillity of Germany, amongst the Princes of the Empire, is nn\t restored. My next Care has been, and shall fbntinue to be, applied to improve this Accommodation tb the bell Advantage, by procuring an immediate Succour to be sent to Italy, And such a Strength, for the Defence and Security of the United Provinces, as may preserve that Republick, theanrient and natural Ally of this Kingdom, and One main Support of the Protestant Cause, from the Detfrudion with which it is threatened, its well as to attain a safe and honourable Peace. The States»General have made the most pressing Indances to fne, to assist them in this difficult Conjuncture. The imminent Dangers to which they are at present exposed, which do lo nearly affect the Safety of Great Britain, as well as the very Being of call for our moll

serious Attention; for the Interests of the Two Nations re so united, that whatsoever brings Ruin upon the One, mull, in consequence, be attended With the most fatal Mischiefs to the other. These Reasons have induced me to assure the States, that I will, to the Utmost of my Power, according to the Circumstances of my own Dorn inions^co-operate with them towards opposing the further Progress of our Enemies in the Netherlands, and procuring a proper Security for the Republick, against the ambitious and dedruftive Dfsigns of France. In order to this necessary End, Measures are now aiflually concerting between me and the States, for furnishing this Affidatice, on my Part, as early and effectually as poi-fible; ind for their making such an Augmentation of fheirpresent Forces, as their own immediate Preservation, and the Necessity of Affairs, absolutely require.

The great Advantages which we have received from bur Naval Strength, in protecting the Commerce of my Uubjedts, and intercepting and dillreffing that of our Enemies, have been happily experienced by the former, and severely felt by the latter. I am therefore determined to be particularly attentive to this important Service; and to have such a Fleet at Sea early iti the Spring, as may be sufficient to defend ourselves, and effectually to annoy our Enemies.

Gentlemen of the Houfj of Commons,

It is with much regret that I find myself obliged to ask any further Aids of ray People: I am so fe.ffiole of the Burthens they endure, that nothing could give me so sincere a Pleasurt as to lighten them: But the Coh<-, federations 1 have laid before you, are so necessny to our own Preservation, that, I doubt not, you will grant me such a Supply as shall be sufficient for these Purposes. The proper Estimatet shall soon be laid before you; and I eaineflly recommend it to you to take the most effectual Methods to maintain the publick Credit in this Conjuncture.

Mv Lords and Gentlemen,

I have fully opened to you my Views and Intentions; which are so essential to tke Honour of my Crown, ind the true Interest and Well-being of my Kingdoms, that depend on your vigorous Support, And the utmost Unanimity and Dispatch in your Proceedings.

A Motion was made, and the Quefliort being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty on the Success of his Arms, under the Command of his Royal Iliglinfels the Duke, in driving the Rebels out of One Part of the united Kingdom; not doubting, but by the Zeal and Loyalty of his faithful Subjects, and the further Progress of his Troops, this unnatural Rebellion will be happily and speedily extinguished throughout the whole Kingdom; and to allure his Majesty, that we will ptirfeverc in supporting his Majesty in all such Measures as shall be thought necessary for'so definable an End; and though we trufl in his Majesty's Wisdom, that the Measures he has already pursued will deter any foreign Power from undertaking so rash an Vol. *5.

Jannarii. iy

Enterprize, as the Invasion of this Island, yet we beg. Leave to allure his Majesty, that whatever further Strength shall be found necessary, he may depend on his faithful Commons so - their chearful and ready Assistance to make good the fame; to congratulate his Majesty oil the Succels of his Endeavours in the Choice of the Emperor, and thereby procuring a Strength to the House of Aujiria, and a further Security to the Liberties of Europe in general; to express our highest Satisfaction on. the Peace concluded, under his Majesty's Mediation, between the Empress, the King of Poland, and the King oiPrujJia, whereby the interior Tranquillity of the Princes of the Empire is restored, and the Emprels enabled more effectually to suppott herself and her Allies in Italy, particularly the King of Sardinia, to whole Assistance we will, contribute, on our Part, whatever shall be found necessary and expedient; and to assure his Majesty, that as . we are fully tenlible, that the true Interest of the States-Generalj and that of these Kingdoms, is the fame, we will enable lvs Majesty, as far as our Circumstances will permit, to give that Succour to the United Provinces, which, with a proper and vigorous Exertion of their own Strength, may put a Stop to the further Progress of the Arms of France in the Netherlands, procure them a sufficient Security against their Enemies, and obtain a safe and honourable Peace; to return our Thanks for the attentive Care which his Majesty has taken, and graciously promises to continue, of the Naval Strength of these Kingdoms, from which we have already received, and from which, under his Majesty, we may justljr hope for the most important Services; and to assure his Majesty, that we will, in all our Deliberations, have the greatest Regard to publick Credit, the Support of which is, at this time, so particularly necessary to the carrying into Execution every Measure that can conduce to the Honour of his Majesty, and the true Interest and Well-being of his People.

Amendments being proposed to be made to the Question, by inferring, after the Word " will," and before the Word " enable," these Words, " immediately and " seriously apply ourselves to the Consideration of the " calamitous State of this Nation, in order thereby to;" and by inferring, after the Word Majesty," these Word', " to give such Succours to our natunl Allies the

" Statci-Generaland by leaving out, after the Word " as" the:e Words, " far as," and mferting instead thereof these Words, " to his Majesty, and his Parliament,

" shall appear most practicable and efficacious in and by inferring, after the Word, " our," thd Word " present;" and by leaving out, after the Word " Circumstances," these \\ or Js, " will permit to give that Sudcour to the United Provinces ;"

It was proposed to amehd the First of the said Amendments, by leaving out the Word " calamitous."

And the Queth'n being put. That the Word " cala^.

mitous" (land Part of the Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That these Words, " immediately and seriously apply ourselves to the Consideration of the State of the Nation, in order thereby to," be inserted after the Word " will," and before the Word " enable;"

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth:

Teller the Yeas,$;

Tellers for the Noes,* {*; } *49-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Piefohed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty on the Success of his Arms, under the Command of his Royal Highness the Duke, in driving the Rebels out of One Part of the united Kingdom; noc doubting, but by the Zeal and Loyalty of his faithful

Subjects,

28

Subjects, and the further Progress of his Troops, this unnatural Rebellion will be happily and speedily extin-tinguished throughout the whole Kingdom; and to allure his Majesty, that we will persevere in supporting his Majesty in all such Measures as shall be thought necessary for so deftrable an End , and though we trull in his Majesty's Wisdom, that the Measures he has already pursued, will deter any foreign Power from undertaking so ralh an Enterpri2eas the Invasion of this Island, yet we beg leave to allure his Majesty, that whatever further Strength shall be found necessary, lie may depend on his faithful Commons for their chearful and ready AlEftance to make good the fame; to congratulate his Majesty on the Success of his Endeavours in the Choice of the Emperor, and thereby procuring a Strength to the House of Aujiria, and a further Security to the Liberties of Europe in general; to express our highest Satisfaction on the Peace concluded, under his Majesty's Mediation, between the Empress, the King of Poland, and the King of Prussia, whereby the interior Tranquillity of the Princes of the Empire is restored, and the Empress enabled more effectually tosupport herfclfand her Allies in , particularly the King of Sardinia, to whefe Assistance we will contribute, on our Part, whatever shall be found necessary and expedient; and to assure his Majesty, that as we are fully sensible, that the true Interest of the States-General, and that of these Kingdoms, is the fame, we will enable his Majesty, as far as our Circumstances will permit, to give that Succour to the United Provinces, which, with a proper and vigorous Exertion of their own Strength, may put a Stop to the further Progress of the Arms of France in the Netherlands, procure them a sufficient Security against their Enemies, and obtain a safe and honourable Peace; to return our Thanks for the attentive Care which his Majesty has taken, and gracioufty promises to continue, of the Naval Strength of these Kingdoms, from which we have already received, and from which, under his Majesty, we may justly hope for the most important Services j and to assure his Majesty, that we will, in all our Deliberations, have the greatest Regard to publick Credit, the Support of which is, at this Time, so particularly necessary to the carrying into Execution every Measure that can conduce to the Honour of his Majesty, and the true Interest and Well-being of his People.

J- I74S-

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be-presented to his Majesty upon the fail! Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly, of Mr.

Yorke, Colonel Conway, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir fVm. Yonge, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vane, Mr. Lord Coke,

.Mr. El/if, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Waller, Mr. Dodington, Lord Geo Sackvile. Mr. Gybbm Mr. Vernon, Mr Mr. Conolly, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Cary, Mr.

Sir Miles Stapylton, Lord Cornbury, Sir John,

Mr. Noel, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Fane, Lord Barrington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Carew, Lord Gage, Sir John 'Turner, Mr. Prowse; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15* die Januarii;

Anno 19* Georgii II4‘ Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Hermann Meyer and Herman Rudolph kt,

Klincke, was presented to the House, and read 1 N*u praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Edwin and Mr. Fellawts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Rawlinjbn Earle presented to the House, pursuant orinmee

to their Address to his Majesty. Elitissue

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1746, Land-Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is as followsj

14* — 150 Januarii.

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1746.

LAND SERVICE. Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, and Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident £ s. d. £ J.

Charges ----- -- Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of Eight Companies, with the Charge of the Academy 58,835 7 6

for their Instruction - - <15,701 7 6

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, and North Britain 9,767 10 5

Establishment at Rattan ----- - Establishment for Newfoundland} viz. Saint John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, Trinity Harbour, and Placentia, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated nth Oc- 3,428 15 0

tober 1745 ----- -- Establishment for Ltuijbourg and Annapolis Royal, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated nth October 4,871 it 6

*745 " Pay of Engineers lent to GeorgiaSouth Carolina, Anna- 4,807 15 0

polis, and Jamaica ----- - Pay of Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several 1,095 0 0

Expeditions, and are superannuated, and disabled - 870 5 xo 88,377 *3 9

s. d.

ip Geo. II.

15* Janu

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying oh the (Gibraltar -

Fortifications, repair- f 1

ingStorehouses, and C Applying of Stores,) *Placentia -

Portsmouth -Sheerness and Gillingham Landguard Fort

& s.

IO, OC0 — __ —

10,000 -

2,000 ——

3,000 ——

Towards rebuilding, en-Jarging, and repair* ing, the Fortifications and Barracks

Dover, Deal, Castle 'i

Archcliff Fort, Moats Bui- £ wark, and Tilbury Fort -,) Jersey '

)at( Guernsey -

' Scilfy Islands Chester

Edinburgh Castle Berwick Hull -Carlisle <Scarborough

C, COO — —

3.000 — —

3.000 ——

5.000 ——

1,900 — —

2.000 — - —

2,500 ——

1,500 -- —

1,000 -- —

2,000 — — 5,000 ——

800 — — 500 — —

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at Loui/bourg -Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at St. John's, , -

boniere, and Trinity Harbour, for the Security and Defence of the Fishery in Newfoundland ——

Towards carrying on the Forts, Fortifications, and Barracks, at Rattan -Towards building the Barracks at Fort William, in North Britain -Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre -

d.

25,000 —

32,300 ——

10,000 — —

C,000 — —

2,500 ——

2,006 ——

10,60© — —

s.

5

*3

16

13

16

*7

1

d.

6

7 9 9

8

39.336 8 -

EXCEEDINGS, for which no Allowance has been made by Parliament, 1745.

For putting the several Forts at Sr. John's in a proper Posture of Defence, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, 22 January

*744 #*500 ——

Ordnance and Stores sent for the Security and Defence of the Places under-mentioned, pursuant to his Majesty's and Lords Justices Warrants, and Orders ih Council, dated 7 Feb. 7 March 1744,18 June, 12 and 18 July, 18 September,

28 November, and 11 th October 1745; Viz. £.

English Harbour, in the Bland of Antigua - 5,033

The New Settlement on the Mujquito Shore - - 1,528

Ramsgate, Broadfairs, and Kingsgate - - - - 574

Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland - - - * 2,965

Arundel and Lillie Hampton - - - 90

Port of Hyth.....* 372

Loui/bourg - -- -- - 27,975

id and of Alderney - 7 90 37

Pay of Engineers, Artillery Officers, and Artificert, established for the several'

Settlements in Newfoundland, and the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal and Loui/bourg, to 31 December 1745, by his Majesty's Warrant, 11 October 1745 3.46* 6

Arms delivered to the new-raised Men of Eight Regiments of Dragoons, the Highland Regiments, the Independent Companies in S. Carolina, Four Independent Companies of Invalids, the First Troop of Horse Guards, a Regiment of Horse, the Regiment of Foot in Nova Scotia, together with Bedding for the fame; the former Supply being cast away: Also Arms to the additional Men of Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and Twenty-three Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's arid Lords justices Warrants, dated 3 Feb. 1744, 25 March, 1 and 25 May, 11, 18, and 20 24 July, 11 Sept. 4 03. 9, 16, 21, and 30 November', 3, 9, and 13 December

*745 48,157

Arms delivered to the following persons and Places, for the Troops raised by virtue of Powers and Commissionvs granted by his Majesty to the Lords Lieutenants of Counties, and others, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants and Orders, dated 1 August, 18, 21, 25, 27, and 28 10, 11, 12, 14, 15,

18, 2i, 24, 26, and 31 October-, 8, 9 and 16; 6, 10, 23, and 25

December 1745; viz.

To the Mayors of Carlisle, Nottingham, Lwerpoole and Ber- £. s. d.

wick - -- 3,785 — 6

Four Companies of Volunteers in the City of London, and the associated Companies in Spittlefields - - , - 1,370 —

Scotland. To the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Forces, Duncan Forbes Esquire, for the North Highlands} Archibald Campbell, Sheriff-Depute of Argylshire, and Major-General Campbell, for the West Highlands; with Tents ——

Vet. 25.

40,730 7 —

*29

r fS

t d.

>75.777 *3 9

The

15" Janu

The Lords lieutenants of , Chester,

Derbyshfre, Cornwall, Hampshire, and Stiffen

Two Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, raised under the Command of several Noblemen.

£. s. 13,479 10 6

19,832 7 7

To repair the Cobb, for the Preservation of the Harbour and Town of Lyme-Regis, the same being in Danger of immediate Ruin, by Warrant of the Lords Justices, dated 22 May 1745 - -

Ordnance. Mortars, Powder, Shot, and other Stores, sent for the Security and Defence of 0field, pursuant to Lords Justices Warrant, 23 July

»745 - - . -

Tents delivered to Two Regiments of Horse, One of Dragoons, Three Regiments of Foot Guards, Twenty-five Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 2, 23, and 17 Sept. 4, 15, and 19 Oft. and 7 December 1745 ——

An additional Supply of Ordnance and Stores, sent for the Service of his Majesty's Forces, and Trains of Artillery, in the Austrian Netherlands -Towards the Charge of the Trains of Artillery with Horses, Conductors, Artificers, and other Attendants, fitted outfor immediate Service, in Great Britain, by his Majesty's Warrant, 8 November 1743 -

Saltpetre purchased at the India Sale, by Order of his Majesty, 25 September 1745.....- -

t

60,197 5 1,200 — 9,166 10

6,686 9

21,048 5

30,000 — *44,788 12

Thomas Lascelles, Geo. , W. R,

d.

A. 1745.

£ ' </

75-777 *3 9

7

6

1

6

-246,542 5 9

£ 422,319 T9 6

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, . to be perused by the Members of the House.

[field A Petition of Joseph Sti/lington Esquire, Lord of the

ofure. Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York, and Mary Stillington, his Wife*, and of George Wray Gentleman* Benjamin Wray Merchant, Robert Cock Gentleman, William Johnson Gentleman, and Robert and

Joseph Walls Yeomen; Freeholders within the said Manor of Kelfield; was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Articles of Agreement, made for inclosing and dividing several Common Fields.; and also One or more large Common or Commons, in the said Manor of Kelfield; and setting forth, That all the Parties interested in the said Agreement and inclosure, have accepted of the several Lands and Grounds allotted to them respectively, in pursuance of the said Articles; and have ever (ince held and enjoyed the same in Severalty, and Rave thereby considerably improved their several Estates and Properties within the said Manor and Township oi Kelfield; and that the yearly Rents of :the Estate of the Petitioner Joseph S t illing/ok , wit hi n the said Manor and Town-lh\p,have, by Means of the said Inclosure, been augmented above. £. 160 per Annum; and will, when the said Inclosure is perfected and completed^ be further increased above 60 per Annum: That the Petitioner Joseph

lington hath already laid out and expended the Sum of One thousand Pounds, and upwards, in the inclosing and improving the Lands allotted tohim; and, upon a Calculation made of the future Expence that may be requisite to perfect and complete the said Inclosure, it hath been computed, that the same will amount to the further Sum of One thousand Pounds, or thereabouts: That the Peti-. tioner Joseph Stillington hath been obliged to borrow the greatest Part of the Money lo expended by him in the said Inclosure and Improvement, and is not in a Capacity to repay the fame, and to raise such further Sums as may be requisite for completing the said inclosure, unlets he be impowered to charge the same upon his Estate within the Manor of Kefield, so agreed to be inclosed; but that, as the said Manor and Estate of the Petitioner Joseph Stillington, in Kelfieldaforesaid, were, upon his Marriage with Mary his Wife, settled upon them, and their Issue, in drift Settlement, the said Inclosure, which hath produced so great an Advantage, as well to all the Persons claiming under the said Settlement, as to all other the Parties concerned in the fame, cannot be effectually established and completed, in regard the said Sti/ling-

ton cannot, by reason of the Limitations in his Marriage-

7*

Settlement, either make an effectual Conveyance of such of his Lands in the said Manor as are allotted to any other of the Parties, or raise Money to enable him to per-fest and edmpleat the said Inclosure, without the A d of in Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give'heave that a Bill may be brought in for ratifying and confirming the said Inclosure; and for enabling the Rtliiiohcr fdfeph Stillington to charge the Premises comprised In the said Marriage Settlement with any Sum not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, for the finishing and completing the said Inclosure.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr,

Carew and Mr. Pozvney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Alit'sName. Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of" his Body, to take

and use the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Addiefs be presented to his Distemper. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give the battle*1 necessary Directions for preventing, as much as possible, the spreading of the Infection of the Distemper which rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and to assure his Majesty, That this House will make good such Expences as shall be incurred on that Account.

Ordered That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House. as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Ditto* of Methods to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingcldfn; and to report the fame, with all convenient Speed, to the House:

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. , Sir

John Crosse, Dr. Cotes, Sir Wm. Mr. Syden-

ham, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cornwall, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr. Pratt,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Heath cote, Mr. Mr.

Thomas Gore* Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr.

Bramflon, Mr. Hooper, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Edward Pickering, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Mellish, Lord Perceval, Mr. Compton, Sir John Barrington; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex,

Kent,

AM ref* on

the Kir.g* Speech.

19Gfio.IL 1 — i6a-Jatimrii. 31

Kent, Surry, Berks, Bucks, Bedford, and Hertford's And-

they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Yorke reported, from the Committed appointed Yesterday to draw up an Addrest to be presented lo his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your M.i'efty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain, jn Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our sincere Thanks, for your.most gracious Speech from Hie Throne.

It is with the tru;ft Satisfaction that we Congratulate your Majesty on the Success of your Arms, under the Command of his Royal Highness the Duk*i in driving the Rebels out of one Part of the united Kingdom; not doubting, but by the Zeal and Loyalty ot your faithful Subjects, and the further Progress of your t'.oops, this! unnatural Rebellion will be happily and speedily extinguished throughout the whole Kingdom: And we allure your Majesty, that we will perfevefe in supporting your Majesty m all such Measures-as shall be thought necessary for lode firable an End: And though we trustinyour Majesty's Wisdom, that the Measuresyou have already pursued, will deter any foreign Power from undertaking so rash an Enterprize as the Invftion of this lflai>d, yet we t beg Leave to ashire your Majesty, that whatever further Strength shall be found necessary, you may depend on your faithful Commons for their cheerful and ready AT* fiftance to make good the fame.

Permit us to congratulate your Majesty on the Success of your Endeavours in the Choice of an Emperor; and thereby procuring an additional Strength to the House of Austria, and a further Security to the Liberties of Europe in general. - ‘ -

We take this Occasion to*xpness our highest Satisfaction on the Peace ooncluded between the Empcefs^ the King of Poland, and the King 'of; whereby the.

interior Tranquillity of the Princes of the Empire is re-, stored, and the Empress enabled more effectually to support herself and her Allies in Italy, particularly the King of Sardinia, to whose Afliftaace we will contribute, on our Part, whatever, shall be. foundneceflary and expedient.

And your Majesty may depend on your faithful Commons that, as they are fully feofible/that the true.Interest of the States General,.and that of; these Kingdoms, is the fame, they will enable your Majesty, as far as our Circumstances will permit, to give that Succour to the United Provinces, which, with a proper and vigoroui Exertion of their own Strength* may put a Stop to the further Progress of ths Arms of France in the-Netherlands, procure them a sufficient Security against their. Enemies, and obtain a safe and honourable Peace.

We beg leave to return your Majesty our Thanks, for the particular L'aye which your Majesty has taken, and grariously promises to continue, of the Naval Strength of these Kingdoms; from whence we have already1 received.

and from which, under your Majesty, we may jullly hope for, the most important Services.

And we assure your Majesty, that we will, in all our Deliberations, have the greatest Regard to publick Credit; the Support of which is, at this time, so essentially necessary towards carrying into Execution every Measure that can conduce to the Honour of your Majesty, and the true Interest and Well-being of your People. "

The said Address being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Refolded, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Elcafure, when he will be attended by this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning itfelfifltoa Committee of the whole House, to /pqnfider farther of -Ways and Means for raising the Supply, granted to his Majesty.

n , . i \ # .

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

1* a*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow ' !" " Morning, Nine Of the Clock.

- JevtS) its die Januarii j

___ . Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Praters.

MR. Secretary ft. War repprfed to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterdfty, humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at One of the Clock in jtlic Afternoon, at his Palace of Saint James.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, Estimate of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,908 Foot; of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1745, to the 24th Day of December 1746, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address-to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Aff-norca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1746.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, Estimate of the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half-G allies or Schooners, for the Service of

for the Year 1746.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as follow j v/x.

Vol. 15.

ESTIMATE

Way* and Mean*.

Supply.

Time appointed for receiving Addreli*

Estimate of Hrfiuui Troopt, fee.

t6 ° Januurii.

>745-

ESTIMATE of fife Charge of 1,264 Horfu, and 4,90ft Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the Kin^ of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJe Cassel, in the Pay of; Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1745, to the 24th Day of December 1746, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

The Pay of the: Horse The Pay of the Foot

Pay of the General Officers - -

Pay of the Officers, and others, belonging to the-Train of Artillery - -

Numben.

Pay in Holland Money for 365 Days.

1,264

4,9°8

6*72

For the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns, Bank M'Oney of Amsterdam, payable for these Forces, from the 25th

December 1745, to 24th Detimber >746, both idclusive, ' beitjg 365 Days, computed ^t 4 9J per Crown - ri

gilder s. ft. d.

489,812 19 4

740,698 .3 —

i»a3°»5ri '"* 4 45,898 15 — 41,488 -6^ 8

1^17,898 4 —

Total -

Reduced into Sterling at iO£. 1 os. to the Pound.

£ s. d. 46,648 17 — j 70,542 13 7

117,191 10 71 4*371 6 a*

3»95* 5 4

125,514 2

36,093 15 —

161,607 *7

; - f

War-Ojftce, 16 January 1745*6.

; . , Will. Tonge.

Memorandum, No Estimate can be made at present for extraordinary Pay, ot Douceurs, Forage, and Waggon-

Money, for the above 'Time.

ESTIMATE of the Chiige of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, , and , for the

Year 1746.

In the PL A NTAT IONS.

Lieutenant-General Dalzell's Regiment* Lieutenant-General Phill4 - - -Major-General Oglethorpe's - -:

Colonel Trelawny's - -

Four Companies at New York -One Company in the Island of Providence One Company at Bermuda -Three Companies in South Cattlina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, , and St.

John - . -' ' - -

Officers of the Garrison at Rattan - -

At CAPE BRETON.

Colonel Shirley's Regiment ——

Sir Wm. Pepper ell's -

Major-General Fuller's -

Colonel War burton's

Officers of the Garrison of Louijhourg - -

In MINORCA.

Major-General Wynyards Regiment

Colonel Offarrelfs ——

Lieutenant-General Anstruther's -

Colonel Graham's ——

Numbers.

8.5

815

804

445

150

58'

345

*»*44

1.^44

!15

815

Officers of the Garrison -

In GIBRALTAR.

Brigadier-General Fowke's Regiment -Lieutenant-General Hargrave's Lieutenant-General Columbine's -Major-General Read's -

Officers of the Garrison -

V5

815

8x5

815

8-5

8ir

815

4.589

3,918

Pay for 365 Days.

£. r. d. 15,2x7 9 2

15,217 9 a

*5.435 l5 —

20,969 5 —

7,141-16 8

2,466 15 10 1,049 7

5,830 17 6

20,053 *4 2

20,053 *4 2

*5»2f7 9 2

15,217 9 2

3,a6o

3.260

15,027

15.217 9 2

15.217 9 2

15.217 9 2

*5.ftI7 9 4

*5>*I7 9

15,381 14

*5>2,7 9 *5>2I7 9

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

83.328 t5 10

2,870 ia 6 936 16 8

7°»542

1,630

6 8 6 8

60,869 16 6,700 8

8

9

61,034 t 8 3.749 *2 3*

Prorffiona

Scotch Court of Sefli n la* dcmnity.

Ctllof Che House.

Market

Hirborou^h Ac. Rood*

19 Geo. it. i6° — 170 Januarii.

Provisions for Lieutenant-General Philipps Regiifaent, in Gatrilon at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, dedtiding per Diem out of the

Subsistence of each Non-commissioned Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government -Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for Major-General Oglethorpe' % Regiment at Georgia Provisions for the Independent Companies at Providence -Provisions for the Companies at Rattan ——

Provisions for the Regiments at Cape Breton

£. a'

a, S3$ 7 a 24,000 — — 2,445 to — 456 5 —

4,161 ——

17,875 17 6

War-Ojf.ce, 16 ‘J 1745-^.

Total - - £.

William )songe.

j£‘ S‘

51,778 — 3

343,440 18 i*

ESTIMATE of the Charge'of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half-Gallies of

Schooners, for the Service oi Georgia, for the Tear 1746.

Numbers. Pa j fwr Annum.

Two Troops of Rangers - - 2 140 £. s. d. 4,215

Highland Company - -- - 115 2,366 8 4

ie$ 3,227 10 —

One hundred and Eighty Officers and Men, for Half-Gallies or Schooners, computed at the Rate of £.4. per M >nth each Man for Victualling, Wages, Wear, Tear, Ordnance, warlike Stores, - - 180 9,360 — —

War-Ofice> 16th January 1745-6. Total — - 543 19,168 18 4

William 6

Ordered, That the said Efti mates do lie upon thcTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morrl-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in Scotland, for not meeting upon the First Day of No-

vember 1745, as by Law appointed 1 and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 17® Januarii j

Anno 19° Georgii IIJl Regis, 1745.

Pray ers.

AP E TI TI ON of the Trustees whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market liar borough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicewas presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That by the said Act several Tolls and Powers were granted lor the Term of One-and-twenty Years, commencing the First Day of May 172 6, lor repairing the said Road: That the better to answer the Intention of the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of the laic! Road with Eflld, the Truthes borrowed a considerable Sum ot Muncy on t lie Credit of the said Act, and applied the lame, together with the Money arising by the lolls, to the several Purposes by the said Act directed; notwithstanding which, tome Parts of the said Road are, in the Winter Scalon, very bad; and such Parts thereof as have already been amended, will, in a short time, become ruinous again, if conllant Care be not taken to repair the same: That the Petitioners find the Repairs of the Road aforesaid cannot, during the subsistingTerm, be compleated, and the Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted be enlarged, and Vol. 25.

the said Act made more effectual: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-sideration of a Committee: And that they examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is relerrcd to Sir T Cave, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Compton, Mr. Brerelon,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Wigley, Mr. Sir John

Ghnn, Sir John Barrington: Sir James Sir

Charles A for daunt, M y.. Shult/ewaSir Richard War-

wick Bamp/yid, Mr. Archer, Mr. Rolle, Sir Charles Han. Williams, Sir Francis Dashwood, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynn, Mr. Hope, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bowles, Sir John Chester, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Erj Mr. Packer, I,ord Wm. Manners, Mr. Wright, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. by. Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Proby, Mr. Rush, Sic John Ajlley, Sir Edward Turner, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Palmer; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Leicester, Nottin^hafn, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power'to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

Mr. Edwin presented to the House, according td Order, a Bill for naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Herman Rudolph Klincke: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That 'the House had attended his Majesty Yesterday with their Addref-: To which his Majesty was plcal'cd to give this most gracious Answer;

Gentlemen,

I thankyou Cor this dutiful and assessionate Address.

'Phe Zeal you express, and the Assurances you give ofvigorously supporting me in ftipprcffing the Rebellion, and in assisting my Allies, are very agreeable to me. You may be allured, that in all the Measures I shall puriue for attaining these Ends, I shall have a conllant Regard to the Abilities of my People; as well as to the true Interest and Security of my Kingdoms.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed toco.nfiderof Methods to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper now

K. raging

Meyrrs, &c. Nat.

Answer to Addref*.

Distemper

emon^it

Gallic.

Motion re-fp<cting the Defence of the Netherlands.

Distemper

among

Cattle.

17* — a i° Januarii.

A. r74<.

raging among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, and to report the fame, with all convenient Speed, to the House, be revived: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion was macte, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty That he will be graciouQy pleated to give Directions, That there may be laid before this House an Account of such Instances as have been made to his Majesty by the States-General of the United Provinces, relating to the Defence of the Netherlands;

The House divided:

' The Yeas went forth:

Teller, forth, Yea, } ,.

TeUenfor theNoe,^.. } .63.

So it passed in the Negative.

The last: Resolution of the Committee, being-mad.#

Second time, was, upon too Question puc thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to rlie. said Resolutions: And that Sir John , Mr. €arew\

Mr. Sydenham,. Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Nugent-, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. JVhichcote, Mr. Foley, Sir Edward , and

Mr. Powney, do prepare, and bring ii>, the feme.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morni ng Wav*

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and to consider further of Ways and Means for railing th®

Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That th is House will, upon PVe'diiefday Morning Supply,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir John Crojfe reported, from the Committee appointed to consider of Methods to prevent the Spreading of ths Distemper now raging among the homed Cattle in this Kingdom, and to report the fame, with all convenient Speed, to the House, That the Committee had considered of the same accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

_ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the most likely Method to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper, will be, to inflict proper Puniftiraents on all Persons who shall buy or fell, or offer to buy or fell, any Cattle, or the Hides, Horns, or any Part of any Cattle, which are infected; or shall open, skin, or flay, any Cattle, knowing them to be infected.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a proper Punishment should be inflicted upon all Persons, who shall knowingly buy, fell, or expose to Sale, the Meat or Milk of any such infected Cattle; or who £hafl give the same to Hogs, Calves, Lambs, or any other Animals.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Owners of infected Cattle should be obliged to buty them Ten Feet deep, where the Ground will admit of it; and to leave Six Feet in Depth above the upper-most Bead.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Owners should be obliged to fence round the Place where such Cattle shall be buried, in order to prevent any other Cattle feeding the re, for a Time to be limited; and that it is necessary to prevent the driving infected Cat tie from the Place where they are infected to another where there are any Cattle feeding or grazing j or from felling any Cattle out of infected Herds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That further Provision should be made more effectually to prevent the Importation of Cattle, or Hides, from foreign Parts.

The Three first Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after the Word felling," the Words " or exposing to Sale:"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That the Owners should be obliged to fence round the Place where such Cattle shall be buried, in order to prevent any other Cattle feeding the re, for a Time to be limited; and that it is necessary to prevent the driving infected Cattle from the Place where they are infected to another where there are any Cattle feeding or grazing; or from felling, or exposing to Sale, any Cattle out of infected Herds*

*4

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Martir, 21° die;

Anno I'f Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

Praters.

MR. Carew presented to the House, according to jCeWeM Order, a Bill for establishing and confirming Ar- Incioiwe. tides of Agreement for an Inclosure and Division of the Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, in the Manor of Kelfield, in the county of ; and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to finish and compleat the said Inclosure: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are there- Bethnal

unto subscribed, appointed, amongst others, to put in Green

Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish Church therein; and also of the Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, whose Names are also thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Trustees, in pursuance of the Powers given them by the said Act, and of the Trust thereby in them reposed, have borrowed, of several Persons, the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said Act for building the said Church, and other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, except only the Sum of One hundred and Fifty Pounds; and have contracted for building the said Church which is erected; but some Necessaries remain (till to be done for the compleating the fame: That the Petitioners, the Trustees, notwithstanding the y have used the utmost Frugality and Care, do find, that the Charge oferefting the said Church of proper Materials, as far as the said Work hath already been carried on, sufficient to contain the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, who are very numerous, and the Expence of building one End of the Church-yard Wall, and the Charges of obtaining the said Act, and other necessary Expences, do already amount to the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, except only the Sum of Twelve Pounds Six Shillings and Four Pence :That besides what still remains to be done for the compleating the said Church, the House directed by the said Act to be built for the Habitation of the Mi-nifter, is not yet begun; and it is proper that the remaining Part of the Wall be built, to inclose the Churchyard; and that the said Church-yard be raised and levelled: That the Petitioners are unable to proceed in, and compleat, the said Work, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose; and that, as to some Clauses

Name.

*9 Geo. II»

2i° Januarii.

35

in the said Act, the Petitioner! apprehend they may be under fume Difficulties in effecting and carrying on the further Purposes of the said Act, unless the same Clauses be explained, and made more effectual: And further letting forth, on behalf of the Petitioners, the said Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, That the Money raised for and towards the necessary Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet (which Hamlet, in respect to its Poor, is, and always has been, separate and distinct from the said Parish of Saint Dunstans, Stepney) hath not, for some Years pall,

been Efficient to answer and defray the Charges and Expences winch the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet have been at in maintaining and providing for such Poor; so that divers Sums of Money have been borrowed, and l'everal Debts been contracted, by the Inhabitants, on that Account, amounting to the Sum of Seven hundred and Ninety Pounds, or thereabouts (which Debts are Hill due, and unpaid) over and above what has been raised and collected by the Overseer$ of the Poor of that Ham-Jet for such Purpose; That a Suit at Law hath been already Comtnenced, for the Recovery of One of the Cud Debts, to the great Expence of the said Hamlet; and other Suits are threatened to be commenced, to the still greater Expence, Burthen, and Impoverishment, of the said Hamlet: That the said last mentioned Petitioners are delirous to raise Money to pay off and fotisfy the said Debts, so contracted for the Purposes aforesaid; and to be enabled so to do by Authority of Parliament, in such Manner as the House shall think (it: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a BUI for the l'everal Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Sir James

Grout, Mr. LvJIer, Sir IVm. , Sir John Mr. Missing, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. , Sir Roger

Newdigate, Sir Edward Turner, Sir John , Mr.

Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Richard Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Southwell, Sir Courteney, Sir

Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Pratt, Dr. Cotes, Lord Deer-hurst, Sir Edward Deering, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Fane, Mr. , Sir John Turner,

Mr. Martin, Mr. BraJJey, Mr. , Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Yonge, Lord , Mr. Edwin,

Sir John Barnard, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Proby, Lord Gage, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Alderman Heathcofe; and all the Members who serve for London, and Essex: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard jilie, and the Heirs Male o( his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mel-lish., Sir Charles H. Williams, Mr. Boone, Mr. West, Mr. Robert Williams, Lord Perceval, Sir James , Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Qfvpald, Mr. Tyner, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. John Pitt, Lord Geo. Saekville, Sir John Cust, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Rigby, Mr. j

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Huntingdon, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. (Speaker do issue his. Warrant to Clrencester the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wr*t. Electing of a Burgel's to serve in this prefant Parliament for the Borough ot Cirencester, in the County o

in the room of the Honourable Hen Ba.th}irft Esquire, who, since his Election for the said (5°rough, hath, ac- , cepted the Office of Qap of his Majesty's Counsel l^arned in the Law.

The House being informed* That the Governor of flank Prop®;

the Company of the Bank of England attended at the for Pu°-Door; lie Service;

He was called in; and, $t the ?ar, acquainted the House, That he was ordered by the said Company to lay before this House a Proposal for the publick Service;

And he delivered in the said Prqpqlab

And then he withdrew.

And the said Proposal was read; and is as follotys:

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled:

The Governor and Company of the Bank of England; in order to facilitate the Raising of the Supplies for the Service of the Year t746, humbly propose.

That they are willing, apd copfent, that the Sum of Nine hundred Eighty-six thousand Eight hundred 1 Pounds in Exchequer Bills, remaining unfinished, on the Duties for Licences to sell Spirituous Liquors and Strong Waters, by Retail, and upon the Sinking Fund, may be cancelled, provided they may have an Annuity of Thirty-nine thousand Four hundred Seventy-two Pounds, being the Interest on the said Sum, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, granted to them upon the same Securities; and that they may have a Power to Create and dispose of the Sum of Nine hundred Eighty-six thousand Eight hundred Pounds of Bank Stock (to be joined and incorporated with their present Capital) in such Manner, and at such Times, as they shall think proper; with such further Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, as have been usually granted them by former Acts of Parliament, on the like Occasions: They then humbly further propose to advance the Sum of One million upon the Malt and Land Tax, for the Service of the Year 1746, at Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for Exchequer Bilk, to be issued for that Purpose.

By Order of the Court,

Robert Lewin, Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for ore- Navy

Curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri- Eftlmaiej tain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1746.

And the Title of the said Jsftimate was read.

The laid Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Ahftcaft is as follows;

yot. *5

abstract

36

21* — 22 ° JamariA. 1745.

AfeSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Y-.r

«U-

N*'

1. To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the 0<ac

Admiral of Great Britain, feV. Commissioners of the Navy; with

Officers, Clerks, and Instruments; and Contingencies relating the reto

2. Superannuated Sea-Officers 10,44a

of Lord High ic Scc.vl.'.rics,

3

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

Pensions, and other Allowances

Yards.

Chatham

Deptford

Woolwich

Portsmouth

Skeerness

Plymouth

3-483 3>5°7 3»‘74 2,521 4,298 1 , S 13 2,510

JO

7

11

8

14

4

10

10. Muster-masters, and other Officers, of the Out-Ports

11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary ——

12. Vi<ffuals to the Officers and Men serving therein - -

13. Charge of the Harbour-Moorings, and Harbour-Rigging ——

14. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Build-

ings,

15. Half-Pay to Sea-Officers -

Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1746 - * -

To which may be added.

Towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital, for sick and wounded Seamen, near Gosport, for the Year 1746 ——

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now One thousand Seamen maintained in the said Hospital; and also for asufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings; and other Incidents of the said Hospital; for the Year 1746; Ten thousand Pounds-

l\

) 1

r' s. a.

57-753 14 r

»3>93* 9

17,825 16 8

6,323 6 4

20,500 7 7

10,186 10 10

*7»2°5 ——

62,323 . —

12,000 — —

193,04s 16

16,000 — —

10,000 --

224,048 16

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1746, amounts to Two hundred twenty-four thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence.

Rd. Haddock, fa. Acworth, J. Will.Corbett, F. G. Croiule.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

Scotch Cour The House resolved itself into a Committee of the of Session whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify the Court of

Indemnity. §egjon jn Scotland, for not meeting upon the First Day of November 1745, as by Law appointed; and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the . Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

OrfbrdWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of in the room of the Right Honourable Sir John Campbell, Knight of the Bath, commonly called Lord Viscount Glenorchy-, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Master of his Majesty's Jewel-Office.

DHtemper Sir John Crosse presented to the House, according to among Order, a Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Di£

Cattle. temper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Sir John Crosse have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And' the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 2 2° die Januarii;

Anno i9° Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

TJERMANN Meyer and Herman Rudolph Klincke took the Oaths appointed, iu order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Baronet was K.aitcbS<*i presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Kauie. the Right Honourable Thomas Lon! Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, lately deceastd, did, before his Death, desire the Petitioner to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Wyndham-, which the Petitioner is willing to do; and is detirous, that the Surname and Arms may be confirmed and established to and upon him, and his Heirs Male, by Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to.give Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Gybbon and Sir John Rufhout do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in a Pihrlege. printed News-Paper, intituled, " York Journal-, or " Weekly Advert if erf dated Titefday, Jan. 7, 1745, and

having, at the End thereof, " York: Printed by John Gilfidan, in Coffee-Yard," is contained a Paragraph

rellecting

t^.oo£ie

19 Geo. II. 2 20 — 2 3* 3 7

reflecting upon Admiral a Membef of this

House;

And the said printed News-Paper being brought up to the Table;

And the said Paragraph being read;

Ordered, That the said John do attend this

House, upon this Day Month.

Distemper Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the Second

among Reading of the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Cattle. Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Croffe, Mr. Carew,' Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Neale, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Noel, Sir James Grant, Mr. Leckmere, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Owen, Mr.

Mr. Which cote, Mr. B rereton, Mr. Mr.

rifon, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Winnington, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Smith, Lord Perceval, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gyhbon, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Fane, Sir John Barrington, Sir Robert Grofuenor, Lord Mr. Archer, Mr*

Mellish, Mr. West, Mr. War bur ton. Lord Carpenter, Mr. Plumer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Effete, Hertford, Kent, Surrey, Bucks, Bedford, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come are to have Voices.

Maltmt Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malton, in the County of York, in the room of Lieutenant-Colonel John Mojlyn; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of his Majesty's Bed-chamber.

lfcyrr's, he, A Bill for naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Herman

Nat. Rudolph Klincke, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Edwin, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Earle, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Rolle, Lord Perceval, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Knight, Sir John -lipps, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mellish, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fane, Sir John Glynn, Mr. Oswald, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynn, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Crosse, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Smith, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Lyjler: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

and Mean*, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve rtself into the said Committee.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty j

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1746, Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4.908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25 th Day of December 1745, to the 24th Day of December 1746, both indulive, being 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, for 6,000 Hessians, ligned and concluded at Hanover -f-t June 1745, and the Translation thereof, be referred to tire said Committee.

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had considered the Proposal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and had come to a Re-solution thereupon; and had also come to several other Resolutions; which the Committee had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 die Januarii;

Anno 1 j* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

MR. Edwin reported from the Committee, to whom Meyer*, he, the Bill for naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Her- Nat man Rudolph Klincke, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire Expiring what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report Law*, their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed, of Mr. Henry Archer,

Mr. Fane, Sir John Cust, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Carew,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Neale, Mr. Sir James

Grant, Mr. Pratt, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, General -few, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cartwright, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Crawfurd, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Scot, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Hay, Mr-Denton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Rramfion, Mr. Hayward, Mr.

Mr. Edwin, Sir John Glynn, Sir John Strange, Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Richard Warwick BamMr. , Lord Deerhurst, Sir Edw. Turner, Sir John Crosse, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Harvey, Lord John Murray,

Mf. Gregory; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Gybbon presented to the House, according to Or- fCnatchbull'a der, a Bill for enabling Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Baroner, Nam*, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Delire of Thomas Lord Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland, according to Order, Scotch Court reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to of Session whom the Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in - Indemnity. land, for not meeting upon the First Day of November 1745, as by Law appointed; and to adjourn the said Court to a further Day; was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the- Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to ont of them, agreed to by the Hoof-.

L Ordered,

V§. 23* yanuarti. 1745,

Ordered, That, the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Regulating A Petition of several Persons urtder the DenOmi-I1a*'on of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, within the Cities of London and the Bills

of Mortality, following that Business, and no other, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners have, for many Years, carried on no Other Business than that of lending small Sums of Money Upon Pledges, great Numbers of whom have served regular Apprenticeships, and have, for a long time, been settled as Masters in the said Business, having large Families which depend on them for* their Support; and, by long Experience, find, that a Business of this Nature is of indii'penfable NeceflUy, where Trade and Commerce flourish: That the Petitioners have long laboured under the publick Reproach and Infamy of being Extortioners, and great Encouragers of Thieves; the latter of which Imputations, the Petitioners apprehend, is owing to their not being distinguished from Persons keeping Gin-Ihops, Chandlers-lhops, and other such like Businesses, who, likewise lending Money upon Pledges, do, whenever they are discovered to have taken in Pawn any Goods which are stolen, aflame the Name of Pawnbrokers; the Petitioners themselves being so far from encouraging Thieves,

. that they very frequently detect them, and could much

oftener, il authorized to stop lufpected Persons, which they many times dare not attempt, though even under the moil suspicious Circumstances, left by mistaking Persons, they should subject themselves to vexatious and CXpenfive Law-Suits: That the Petitioners conceive their being deemed Extortioners, proceeds from Misrepresenta-tions of the Nature of their Business, by comparing their T teputed or leaning Profit with the legal Interest of Money, without considering the great Expence, Labour, and Care, attending the fame; that their whole Time is taken up therein; which Cjrcumstances considered, the Petitioners Profits will not be found superior, if equal, to those of other middling Tradesmen; nor can their Business be carried on at a lower Rate, unlessaTiine was settled and limited for the Redemption of Pledges, by which the Petitioners would be discharged from the Expence of keeping great and perishing Stocks by them; in which same they could afford, and willingly would supply, the honest and industrious Poor, at a much cheaper Rate than they at present can: That the Petitioners not being legally justified in taking more than after the Rate of Five Pounds for the Loan of One hundred Pounds for One Year, and not being allowed any Considerttion for Warehouse-room* or other Expences attending the negotiating Business, or -authorized to fell the Goods pledged with them, though Of ever so perishable a nature, many vexatious and txpenfive Law-Suits are daily commenced, and prosecuted, against the Petitioners in respect thereof: That if

, the Business was regulated, by limiting a Time for the

Redemption of Pledges, and allowing a reasonable Profit to the Pawnbroker, and only such Persons were admitted to follow the Business as should be licensed by proper Authority, after an Examination into their Characters and Reputation, it would not only be of much greater Service to the honrft and industrious Poor, by considerably reducing the Premiums they now pay for the Loan of

Money, but likewise of public Benefit, by hindering

Persons of ill Fame and Reputation from acting the rein;

‘ which is at present but too much practised, and is the

principal Cause of the Mischiefs complained of: That the Petitioners Were, the last Session, permitted to lay open the Nature of their Business and Practices, before a Committee of this House; by means whereof, the Difficulties the Petitioners at present labour under, have been so far made publick, that, they apprehend, it will be impossible for them, under their present Circumstances, to follow that Profdfion for the future, notwithstanding the y were, as they hope, so fortunate as to remove the publick Prejudice conceived against them; and that, inConfe-

quence thereof, a Bill passed through this House, whereby the Publick would have been secured, and the Petitioners enabled to carry on their Trade with Credit and Reputation; but the Time that then remained of the Session being very short, the same did not pals the House of*

Lords: That the Petitioners apprehehd it appeared to the said Committee, that a Business of this Nature was of indispensable Necessity in Places where Trade and Commerce flourish; and that a Regulation thereof was absolutely requisite: And therefore praying. That this House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief; as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opiniorl thereupon, to the House:

‘ And it ts referred to Mr. Careiv, Mr. Sir

Miles Stapy/ton, Mr. Neale, Lord Perceval, Mr. Plump-

Ire, Mr. Plumer, Irard Dupplin, Sir James Grant, Lord John Murray, Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Mr.

Fane, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Montague, Mr. Archer, Mr. Wright, Sir John CroJJe, Mr.

Edzvin, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Pratt, Lord Chetwynd, Lord Guernsey, Sir Phil. Mu/gtave, Mr. Major

Selwyn, Mr. Winhington, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Affleck, Mr. 'Thomas Gore, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Arundel, Mr. ProzvJe, Mr. Houb/on,

Mr. Robert Willidms, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Scott, Mr.

Fellows, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Rowney, Mr. , Sit

John Gordon, Sir Edw. Pickering, Mr. Crowle, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Bury, Sir Edw. , Mr.

Whichcote, Sir Francis Poole-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer Or Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of what Number of Raw raw Hide« Hides have been imported into Great Britain, from ,mPorte

chaelmas 1735, to Michaelmas 1745; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Trial of the more easy and speedy Trial of such Perlotis as have Person»c«w-levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty: And that j^bellionj Mr. Attorney-General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered irl at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proposal of the Govefnor and Company of the Bank of England be accepted.

Resolved, That it is the Opiniori of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-one thousand Six hundred and Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Peity Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Two hundred Sixty-four Horse, and Four thousand Nine hundred and EightFoot, with the General Officers, and Train of Artillery, the Troops of his Majesty the King of '

as Landgrave of HefleCaffel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1745, to the 24th Day of December 1746, both inclusive; together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Forty-three thousand Four hundred and Forty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and One Peny Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty,

for

19 Geo. II. $3 0 Januar39

for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar-, and for Provisions fdr the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia,

Georgia, Rattan, and Cape ;for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-five thousand Revert, hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine-pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of t he Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Forty-six thou* find Five hundred and Forty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The First Uesolution of the Committee, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by inlerting, after the Word " inclusive," the Words " to be employed in Great Britain."

And the Question being put, that those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telle so, he } 3>-

Teller, for the Not, j ,.. } 23«-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereuport, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions, now agreed to by the House,: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jeffreys, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

fcuppty. Mr. Fane acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hi's Majesty.

Answer to Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That

Addrelt. their Address of Wednesday the 15th t)ay of this Instant January, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give the necessary Directions for preventing, as much as possible, the spreading of the Infection of the Distemper which rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and to allure his Majesty, That this House will make good such Expences as shall be incurred on that Account; had been presented to his Majesty: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer;

I have already, by Advice of my Council, given such Orders, as were thought most advisable, for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and will continue the like Care, as desired by this House: And as l'ome Expence has and will attend the fame, I will order an Account thereof to be laid before you in due Time.

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough ot Cardigan, in the County of Car* digan:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 7th Day of May 1730, when it was resolved, That the Burgesses of the Borough of Tregaron, have not a Right to vote in the Election of a Burgess to lerve in Parliament for the Town of Cardigan: And it was also resolved, that the Right of Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, is in the Burgesses at large of the Boroughs of Cardigan, Aberyftwit Lampeter,

and At par, only, was also read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, Or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque*

Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard: And represented to the House, That, in respect of the great Number of Burgesses who have a Right to Vote in the Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Town; and also in resped of the great Number of publick Books of the said Town, proper to be inspected, he was not yet prepared to proceed: And therefore prayed,

That the Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition might be deferred for Three Weeks; within which Time, he hoped, the Petitioner would be prepared to prove the Allegations of his Petition.

And the Counsel for those Burgesses of the said Town, who voted for the late fitting Member, Thomas Pryfe Esquire, deceased, having been heard in Answer to the Counsel for the Petitioner; and haring prayed in respect of the Time which had elapsed since the Petitioner's First Application to this House, and of the Opportunity thereby given him to be prepared to prove the Allegations of his Petition, That the said Petition might bedismissed.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel, On both Sides, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Petition of Richard Lloyde Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, be dif-liiiffed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue hb Warrant to Cardigan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the E left ing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cardigan, in the County of Cardigan, in the room of Thomas Pryfe Esquire, deceased.

The other Order of the Day being fead;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad- Call «fthe journed till this Day Fortnight* House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* Motion re-posed, That no Member do go out of Town, without spefling Leave of the House; Absence of

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Meai er,i put, that tl.e House do now adjourn;

The House divided*

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for ,h. Yea,59-

Teller, for the Noes j^; William: }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Cardigan The House, according to Order, proceeded to the And then the House adjourned till To-iriorrovY

Ekdion. Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Richard Lloyde Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Vox.. 2J.

4

Leave of Absence.

Distemper

among

Cattle.

Meyer's, &c.

Nat.

Acts of Common Council ^of London.

24* — 27° Jattuarii.

Veneris, 24.* afo;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Praters.

f\R DE R E D, That Mr. Morgan have leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc* cations.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, is committed. That they have Power to receive aClauieorClauses to impower the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties within this Kingdom, where the contagious Distemper among the horned Cattle now is, or shall be, at their General Quarter-Sessions, to grant Licences for Collections within such Counties, for the immediate Relief of poor Sufferers there by means of the said Distemper.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Herman Rudolph Klincke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Herman Rudolph Klincke.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed, That One of the Sheriffs of London attended at the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled:

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read, setting forth. That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City; it is, among other things, enacted, " That no Act, Order, or Ordinance, whatsoever, at any "Time, from and after the First Day of June One " thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-five, shall be " made or passed in the Common Council of the said " City, without the Assent of the Mayor and Aldermen present at such Common Council, or the major " Part of them; nor without the Assent of the Commons present at such Common Council, or the major " Part of them That the Petitioners can, with great Truth, inform this House, That the said Act has by no means answered the good Ends and Purposes thereby said to be intended; neither has the fame, in anywise, preferred the good Order and Government of the City of London; but the exercising the negative Power thereby given to the Mayor and Aldermen, has occasioned great jealousiesand Discontentsamong the Citizens of London, highly obstructed the Proceedings of the Common Council, and tended greatly to destroy the Peace and good Order of the said City: That by this Law, the Commoners in Common Council, though composed of no less than Two hundred and Thirty-six Citizens, should they be unanimous, may, by the negative Votes of the Mayor, and Two or Three Aldermen, be restrained from making any Act, Order, or Ordinance, however advantageous or beneficial to the said City: That the Petitioners conceive, that so great a Power lodged in few Hands, may in time prove subversive of the Rights and Privileges of the Citizens of London, and destructiveof the very Elfence

and Being of Common Councils: And therefore praying this House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and to repeal so much of the said Act as relates to the Making 17

A. 1745.

or Passing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the r qth and 16th Section of an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for regulating feleftions within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City; as relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council: And that Sir Calvert, Mr.

Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Thomas , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House,a State of the National Debt, provided, or unprovided for, by Parl ament, as it stood on the 31st Day of December 1744, and on the 31st Day of December 1745-

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunas, 2 70 dieJanuarii; Anno 19* Georgii It" Regis, 1745.

Pr avers.

AP ET IT IO N of John Daniel Dreyer was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: and that Mr. Talbot and Mr. West do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Dame Trehane Chappie Widow, and John Gould Esquire, of the Parish of Upway, in the County of Dorfel, was presented to the House, and read,

setting forth, That the Petitioners being Owners and Proprietors of certain Houses, Farms, Common Grounds, and Hereditaments, in the said Parish, which lie intermixed with each other, and are enjoyed in common by them, in proportion to their several Interests therein, arc willing and desirous to indofe and divide the lame, and make teveral Exchanges of their respective Properties, in order to make the said Inclosures and Division more commodious and beneficial to the Parties; and to pay the Rector, and his Successors, an annual Sum of Money in lieu of Tythes of the said Premises; That such Inclosutcs, Division, and Exchange, will be a great Advantage to all of them, in the Improvement of their several Interests and Properties in the aid Premises; but that the said Inclosures, Division, and Exchange, cannot be effectually established, to answerthe Intention of the Parries interested in the tame, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

- Ordered,

Ways

and Means*

State of National Debt.

Dmrerfs

Mat.

Upwajr To* ctofurr.

iQ Geo. II. 27° JanuariL41

Ordered, That Leave be givto to bring in a Bill* according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Cartw and Mr. Ri do prepare, and1 bring in, the lame.

Scotch Court An ingrafted Bill to indemnify the Court of Session in of Stilton Scotland, lor not meeting upon the First Day of November n cranny. *74$, as by Law appointed; and to adjourn the said Oairt to a further Day; was read the Third time.

RefotVid That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for adjourning the Court of Session in Scotland; and for remedying the Inconveniences a riling from the Surceale of Justice in that Part of the Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, apd desire their Concur* rencs.

Knaichbdll't A Bill for enabling Sir Rnatchbull Baronet,

Name. and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Homos Lord Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deecaled, was

read a Second time.

Refe/ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir James Mr.

Hunter, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr- Crowle, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Gordon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. West, Mr. Young, Mr. Wilson, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Polhi/l, Mr. , Mr. Gibbon, Sir

Wm. Calvert, Mr. Leckmere, Mr. Pratt, Mr. -houfo, Mr. Cope; and all the Members who serve for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports, and for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Westm'nftee A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge Bridge, at Westminster, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majedv, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read > setting forth. That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament passed in his present Majesty's Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge crots the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore in the County of Surrey; and are, by Two Acts passed in the lath and 13th Years of his pvefent Majesty's Reign, impowered to make, design, and lay out such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for, and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prefer ibed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of: That the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in building the said Bridge, and have purchased foveral Houses, and Parcels of Ground, for opening, widening, and rendering convenient the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; in doing of which they have expended almost all the Monies hitherto granted them foF the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality; and are Hill under Contracts for several Parts of the Works which are now carryingon, and which will amount to a greater Sum than is now in the Hands of the Petitioners: That the Petitioners find themselves under a Necessity of applying to this House, for such further Sums of Money as this House shall judge proper; that a Work so ufelul, and advantageous to the Publick, may not be Hopped for want thereof: And therefore praying, That this House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant them such further Sums of Money as to this House shall seem meet.

Vol. 25

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the wholly House, to whom it is referred to consider Further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Account re. {hewing how the Money granted in the Year 1743, for spefting tfe* the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied.

A Bill foi; establishing and confirming Articles of Kelfield Agreement for an inclosureand Division of the common laclosure. Fields, Waites, and common Grounds, in the Manor of Kelfield in the County of York-, and for impowertng the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to fimlh and compleat the said inclosure; was read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. West, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Car new all. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Neale, Lord Donerdie, Mr. Thomas Lyfler, Mr. Proby, Mr. Brudenell, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Ojbaldefton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. York,

Lord Marquis of Hartmgton, Sir James Grant, Mr. pole, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Barrington, Mr- ,

Mr. Saville, Doctor Cotes, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fellowes, Mr,

Plumptre, Mr. Prowfc, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Crowle, Lord Perceval-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, Durham, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock* in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Whitmore have Leave to go ^.tvr of into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Abtence.

Ordered, That Mr. Danvers be added to the Com- Market mittee to whom the Petition of ihe Trustees, whose Harborough Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution B.o#d. an Act of Parliament passed in the 1 ith Year oi thb Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, lot repairing the Road from Market to

borough, in the County of Leicester, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr Wilkmfon. Mr. Ockenden, Earl of Alie's Name. Verney, Mr. Warburton, Sir John Mr. Larothe,

Mr. Godolphin, M*. Montague, Mr. , Sir John

Pennington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. PitSir Miles , Mr. Crowle, Mr Ojbaldefton, Mr. Gregory, Mr.

Mr. Cornewall, Mr Plumptre, Mr. Levinz, Mr.

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. French,

Mr. Wynn, be added to the Commitree to whom the ingrossed Bill from the L)rds, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Leman, Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and uf© the Surname of Leman, is committed!

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon w>

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the ind McIju. wihofe House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To-njorrou Morning, Nine of the Clock.

w

Atcn&at of Hides imported.

Account respecting the Colony of Georgia.

Ripon, 4c. Inclostrc.

41

28" Janu

A.

1745

Mart is, 28® di

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

PuiYIRS.

THE House being informed, That Mr.

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar.presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Number of Raw Hides have been imported into from -

mas 1734 to Michaelmas 1745; distinguishing each Year, and the Places from whence imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. Accomptant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the Money, granted in the Year 1743, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, who are respectively Owners and Proprietors of Common Field Lands, lying and being in Ripen, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York;

andof certain ancient Burgages and Tenements (landing and being in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate aforesaid, for themselves, and on the Behalf of several other Owners and Proprietors of common Field Lands, Burgages, and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, respectively, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right; And setting forth, That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, did, in pursuance of the Power and Authority thereby veftedin them, cause a Survey, Admeasurement, and Valuation of the common Field Lands therein mentioned to be made; and to be laid down, delineated, and described, in a Map; and also a Survey and Lift to be made and taken of the Burgages and Tenements intitled to Right of Common, as aforesaid; and of the Stint and Number of Cattle-gates, belonging to the same; and the Names of the respective Owners of the said Burgages and Tenements: And that the said Map, Lift, and Survey, was laid before the said Commissioners, at one of their Meetings, held within the Time limited by the said Act for that Purpose; but that, by various and unavoidable Accidents, the said Commissioners have been prevented from ascertaining and determining the Rent or Value of the whole Stint and Number of Cattle-gates, belonging to the said Burgages and Tenements; and the Shares and Proportions of the Rent to be contributed by the Owners of the common Field Lands; and the Distribution of the said Rent amongst the Owners of the said Burgages and Tenements, within the Time limited by the said Act: And that the Peti-

tioners, being highly sensible of the great Advantages that would have accrued to them, and all other Parties concerned, by means of the said Act, are desirous the same should be carried effectually into Execution: And therefore praying the House, to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in, forgiving such further Time to the Commissioners for the executing the Powers and Authorities of the said former Act, now remaining unexecuted, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wortley, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Smith, and Mr. Yane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Talbot presented to the House, according to Dreyo'iNat. Order, a Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Dreyer: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufac- M«nufcftore turers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax of and Hemp-growers, Inhabitants of and the Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for further encouraging and regulating the Manufactures of British Sail-cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into his Majesty's Kingdoms; it was Enacted, "That after the 24th " Day of June 1736, all foreign-made Sail-cloth, or " Canvas, usually entered as Hollands-Duck, or VitreryCanvas, for making of Sails for navigating Slvps and " Vessels, which shall be imported to Great Britain, by " way of Merchandize, and for which Duties have been

granted, shall be stamped at the Time of the Landing thereof, when such Duty is paid: And that every " Ship built in Great Britain, or in the British Plantalionsin America, not having a complete Set of Sails of British Sail-cloth, are, upon Conviction, to forfeit " Fifty Pounds for the same But that forasmuch as there is no Duty mentioned, or fixed, in the said Act, upon Sails made up in foreign Parts, of foreign Sailcloth, the Generality of Mailers of Ships purchase Abroad, and bring with them into these Kingdoms, full Sets of Sails, as the Petitioners are well informed: w hereby they are furnished not only with a Supply for their own Ufc, but frequently furnifH their Neighbours and Friends; and these they bend to their Yards, when they arrive at tire Ports they are respectively bound fqr in these Kingdoms; and thereby elude the Design of the aforesaid Act, and have their Sails made up of foreign Sail-cloth, without paying any Duty at all: And further setting forth. That the Duty payable upon the Importation of foreign Sail-cloth has been eluded, by importing them under the Name of broad Russia Linens; and that, as the Petitioners are capable to make appear, from the Bills of Lading, Frauds of this Kind have amounted to Three hundred Pounds in a single Ship; and that several Sloops, of Forty or Fifty Tons, built upon the River Trent, have beenentirely fitted out with foreign Sail-cloth, and have navigated to without any Exceptions taken at them by the Officers of the Customs; the Owners of such Sloops pleading the y are not within the Cognizance of the Act; which the Petitioners apprehend to be attended with many Inconveniencies; such as diminishing . his Majesty's Revenue, prejudicing the Merchants, Importers of Flax, Hemp, and foreign Sail-cloth; and that it likewise affects the landed Interest, by discouraging all further Essays towards Improvement of Husbandry, as far as respects the cultivating Hemp and Flax (of which none better than our own Growth, and few Countries afford so good) obstructs the Progress of Sail-cloth Manufactories in these Kingdoms; and, in consequence, multiplies the Poor, who want Work and Bread: And that several, who trade in these Commodities, have large dead Stocks of Sail cloth now lying uuon their Hands; which, taking an Estimate from the Sale

and

Agreement with the Bank.

Liverpool?,

*c'j

Roadj.

19 Geo. II.

28° Janu

43

and present Demands of their Markets, will be sufficient to supply the Course of Commerce for several Years to come; and that thereby the worthy and valuable Ends proposedin the aforesaid Act, are rendered of no effect: And therefore prayingfor such Rehefaslhalltothe House appear moll fuirable and fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord

Mr. Duncumbe, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. ;, Mr.

Mr. Talbot^ Sir John Strange, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Tucker, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Smith, Mr. Mr.

Cildart, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Breretott, Mr.

Sir John Turner, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gybbon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vyner, Sir Edvo. Turner, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Levinz, Mr.

Jcn, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Warburton. Sir John Tyrwitt, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Brampfton, Mr. Hooper, Sir Barrington, M r. Hume

Campbell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Carteret, Sir John Gordon, Mr. IVodehouse, Mr. French, Mr. Bathurst, Lord Perceval, Mr. Fane, Sir Thomas

Bootle, Major Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Worccsler, and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fl;/j<rpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Conditions therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the Kirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto fub; tribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from the Borough or Port of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Prefcot, in the said County, leading through the Towns of West Derby, Huy ton cum Picby, and Knowsley, being above Seven Miles in Length; as also the Road from Blacklowbrow through Roby Town, and through Twigg-Lane, into the said Road between Liverpool and Prefcot, being about One Mile; and alfi of the several Persons living near, or usually travelling through the said Road from Liverpoole to Prefcot aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the said Act several Tolls and Powers were granted to the Trustees therein mentioned, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the First Day of June 1726, for repairing the said Roads: And that the said Trustees, the better to enable them to answer the Intention of the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of the said Roads with Effect, have, from time to time, taken upat Interest considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act, and have duly appl'ed the lame, together with the Money arising by the said Tolls, to the several Purposes by the said Act directed; notwithstanding which, the said Roads are, from the many, and heavy. Carriages which daily pass thro* them to Liverpoole aforesaid, continually breaking up in

different Places, and thereby rendered very bad, especially in the Winter Season; and such Parts thereof as have been already amended, will, in a short Time, become ruinous again, if Care be not taken constantly to repair the same: That the Petitioners find that the Repairs of the Roads directed to be amended by the said former Act cannot, during the Term aforesaid, be compleated, and the Debt now due be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged; nor can the said Roads, when compleated, by the ordinary Method provided by the Laws, be effectually kept in Repair, with-VroL. 25.

out a further Aid be granted, and applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted in and by the said Act; and that a Provision may be made in the said Bill, for repairing and amending the Road leading from the Town of Prefcot aforesaid to the Chapel of Saint Helen, in the Hamlet of Archie, in the Township of Windle, in the said Ceunty of Lancaster, being about the Distance of Three Miles and One Quarter of a Mile, or thereabouts, further on the great Road leading to the Market-Towns of Bolton and dale, and also to the County of York', and opening a Way to several Ranks of Coal-Pits, whereby all the Country adjacent, and particularly the Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpoole (now become very numerous) and also the Shipping of the said Port, may be commodiously served, both in Winter and Summer, with Coals; by the want of which they have greatly suffered of late, a great Part of the said Road being, in many Places, always in Winter, and frequently in Summer, lb bad, that Carriages cannot pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gildart, Mr.

Whicheote, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Owen, Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Vaughan, Sir James Grant, Lord Perceval, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Murray, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Mr. Win-

nington, Mr. Fox, Sir Charles Gilmour, Mr. West, Mr.

Bodvill, Sir John Cust, Mr. Hayward, Sir Jhaigh, Mr. Neale, Mr. OJbaldiston, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. French, Mr. GaJhry, Mr. Finch, Mr. -fend. Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Harrison, Sir Charles Kent,

Tynte, Mr. Periam, L >rd Geo. , Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Brand, Ma'or Setwyn, Lord Coke, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Fe/lowes, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pitt, Sir Wm. Yonge,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Rigby, Sir Edw.

Turner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed, That Satisfaction bad been Privilege; given to Sir John Glynn Baronet, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 2 2d Day of October last;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon ilie Matter of the said Complaint.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- Trial of ing to Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Trial Persons con* of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy. War against ^beUion. his Majesty: And the same was ieceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers in she County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, was preleuted to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen for the encouraging the Distilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn (which recites, That by an Act made in the Parliament held in the First Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, all Brandies, Aqua Vita;, and Spirits, were prohibited to be imported into this Kingdom 5 and that good and wholsome Brandies, Aqua Vitas and Spirits, might be made and drawn from malted Corn); for the Encouragement therefore of the Making of Brandies, strong Waters, and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Consumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage in this Kingdom, a Duty of

One

Distillatioa from Com*

Distillation frona Corn-

44

One Peny only was imposed on every Gallon of Low Wipes of the first Extrsuftipi), drawn and made from prfok brewed and mjaife of any Sort of malted Corn; and the several Putifs of Eight Pence, Twelve Pence, and Threp Pence, were imposed on every Gallon of Cuch JLow Wines made or dr^-vp from the several other Ma-.tpFials therein mentioned; and several srovisions were thereby made for obliging all pi/liilers to draw their Low Wine§, pr Spirits of tlje first Extraction, from clean and wJWComs Prink made of malted Cprn irifirely, without any Mbftqre with any Melasses, Wash, or Tilts, or other Materials whatsoever; and for the further Encouragement of P.iftillers, apd others, to make and draw Spirits, or Brandies, from malted Corn, and to export the fame, a Payback, upon Exportation, was allowed of Three Tepee for every Gallon of Brandy, or Spirits made and dra^n from Prink brewed from malted Corn, without 'any Mature with any other Materials: And further setting forth, That the several Puties were continued, and thy said Proviftoqs, with the Allowance of the said Drawback, were rp-enqfted by »n Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William thp Third; and that by an Act made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third (wb'?b imposed several new Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction) the like Drawback is allowed upon Exportation of Spirits or Brandy made ffpm m^ed Corn only, aseforesaid: But that, notwithstanding the se, and other Acts made to encourage the jppnfumptioa of malted Corn, Distillers and others, in preparing Spirits, and other Liquors, use considerable Quantities °i unmalted Corn, or Corn not sufficiently malted ithe said Distillers pretending that they are ftcensed fp to do by an Act made in the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reigp, whereby, for the Encouragement of Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, a Drawback upon Exportation is allowed of Four Pounds Eighteen Shillings for every Tun of stich Spirits; and for every Tun o| Sp'mts drawn from Barley, Malt, or other Corn, the Bounty of One Pound Ten Shillings is also directed fcp be paid to the Exporter of the fame, when Barley is at Twenty-four Shillings far Quarter, or under; which nevyrthclyfa, doth nojt, as the Petitioners apprehend, repeal any of the Provisions made by the Acts herein before-recited, for obliging allDistillers todraw their Low Wipgs, eff Spirits of the first Extraction, from clean and yyholfome Drink made of malted Corn iqtirely: And farther setting forth. That by such Use of unmalted Corn, much less Corn, as well as Malt, is consumed: And. therefore, in behalf of the Petitioners themselves, and many Others thus prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, which also tends so much to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give Relief to the Petitioners, by enforcing the said Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn; or by such other Means as to the Ho.use shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itfylf into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of several Graziers and Farmers in the County of Rucks, whole Names are thereunto subscribed,

in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth what is contained in the aforesaid Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers in the County of Surrey: And further setting forth. That with the Grains of unmalted Corn now used in brewing and preparing spirituous and other Liquors, Distillers and others feed and fat a great Number of Hogs, which would otherwise be better fed and fatted in the Country by Farmers and Graziers; or would consume a great Quantity of Peas and Beans, and C oatfe Corn mixed with Grains, if the Distillers and others were, obliged to use malted. Corn only: And therefore, 16

28° — 29° Januarii.

A. 1745.

in behalf of the Petitioners themselves, and many others thus prejudiced by the use of unmalted Corn, which tends greatly to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, lessening the Consumption of Corn, and discouraging the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners Relief, by enforcing the Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn; or by such other Means as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers in the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Com.

And then the House adjourned tiH Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercvrii, 39° die J;

Anno 19* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

SI R John CroJJe reported from the Committee, to Dirtemper

whom the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the among D1 (temper which now rages among the horned Cattle of Caute. this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to whom Market the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Hartwough subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- Road, ment passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for rrpai ing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough in the County of Lticefier, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Part of the said Act was read, whereby it appeared, that several Tolls (commencing the First Day of 1726, and to continue for Twenty-one Years) were granted for repairing the said Road.

It further appeared, by a State of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, produced, and attested, by Mr. Edward Goodejs, Treasurer to the said Trustees, and Surveyor of the said Road, That the Sum of Four thou land Four hundred and Seventy-five Pounds had. been borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; and that the further Sum of Twelve thousand Five hundred Eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence had been collected, between the Year 1726 and the Year 1744, by the Tolls and Duty-work; that Eight hundred Pounds, Part uf the said Four thousand Four hundred and Seventy-five Pounds, had been repaid; and that the Residue of the Money borrowed and collected, as aforesaid, had been expended upon the said Road, and in the Payment of Interest-Money; and that there is still due, upon the Credit of the said Act, the Sum of Three thousand Six hundred and Seventy-five Pounds.

Tliesaid Mr. Goodefs being examined, said. That Part of the Road betweeen Leicesterand Loughborough has ni-t yet been amended; and that the Expence of repairing the fame, being near Four measured Miles, will amount to about One thousand Five hundred Pounds; and that such Parts as have been amended will soon become ruinous

i^Geq. II.

29* — 31°

ous again, if confront Care be not taken to keep the same in Repair.

And he added, That the Repairs of the said Roads cannot be compleated, nor the Debt discharged, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Act be enlarged, and the same made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Horborough to Loughborough in the County of and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Smith and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer t

Mr. Speaker,

Vincent'* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marriage impowering Francis FincetU Esquire to make a Jointure jointure. OQ &ny future Marriage, and Provision for his Daughters, and younger Sons: Tb which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

London; Acts of Com* non Council.

Agreement with the Bank.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preferring the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City, as relates to the Making or Palfing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council t and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for establishing ao Agreement with the Go* vernor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Conditions therein mentioned, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, Morning ncxi, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being.read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

YT,y, Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning knd Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confideT further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Supply.

Veneris, 31

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745. Prayers.

Froom A PETITION of Widow, and of the

Bridge, «<c. several other Persons whose Names are thereunto

subscribed, as well for themselves, as on the Behalf of divers other Persons, who are Tenants of the Manor of Forthington in the County of Dorset, and Inhabitants of the Town of Dorchester in the same County respectively, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is a certain Common or open Ground, called Forthington-Moor, or Forthington-Meadow, near the Town of Vot. 25.

45

Dorchester in the County of Dorset, lying within, and being Parcel of the Manor of Forthington in the same County; which Manor belongs to his Royal Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, as Part of the Post'eftions of the Duchy of Cornwall: That such of the Petitioners as are Tenants of the said Manor are entitled to Right of Common for their Cattle, in and upon the said Moor or Meadow, and some of them to the Math, or Crop of Grass, growing upon Part of the same Moor or Meadow respectively: That the Common Highway, or publick Road, from Blandjord into the Town of Dorchester, lieth over Part of the said Common or Moor, and through a Ford, at the Sluice or Tail of a Mill erected on the River Froom, which is a very dangerous Passage both for Horses and Carriages, and in Times of Floods and High-Waters utterly unpaflable: That the Petitioner Lora Pitt hath proposed, and is willing, to open and make a new Way or Road to branch out of the said common Highway or publick Road between Stockingbridge and Londonbridge, in the said Road, and to be carried over Forthington Moor aforesaid, and through Part of a Garden called Glover's Cloje, or Segar's Orchard, into the Town of Dorchester, and to erect a Causeway, and a Bridge or Bridges, upon the said new Way or Road, so as to render the same passable at all Seasons of the Year; and to maintain and repair the said Road for Three Years at her own Expence, in order that the same may thereafter be made a common Highway and publick Road for all his Majesty's Subjects: But that although the making such new Way or Road would be a great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of Dorchester, and of publick Utility; yet, from the Nature of the several Interests, and Property of the several Persons in the Lands upon, and through, which the said new Way or Road is pro-pefed and intended to be made and erected, the same cannot be effectually done without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in, for impowering the said Lora Pitt to make such new Road, with such Powers and Authorities for establishing and maintaining the same as shall leem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConsideratioR of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Carevo, Mr. Pratt, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Glinn, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Smith, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Barrington, Sir John Barrington, Sir Richard Mr. , Sir

James Grant, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Thomas Gore, Colonel Townsend, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gundry, Major Selwyn, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Proby, Mr. Crawjurd, Mr. Winjord, Mr. Hooper, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumplre, Mr.

West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Charles Mordaunt , and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Somer-

Jet, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, under the Denomination of Pawnbrokers, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, following that Business, and no other, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition;

The Agent for the Petitioners called,

N Mr,

ft emulating Pawnbrokers* Trade.

i^-

46

31° Januarii.

4-1745.

Regulating Mr. Richard Grainger; who salt!. That he had, for Pawnbrokers' Sixteen or Seventeen Years pad, followed the Bufinets of Traoe. Pawnbroking, and no other; which Business chiefly con-fists in lending small Sums upon Pledges: That from Lady-Day 1744 to Lady-Day 1745, he had taken in 24,328 Pledges; upon which, at a Medium, he had lent Three Shillings apiece: That the Petitioners were Persons who had been long settled in tire Business, and had, most of them, large Families depending on them for their Support: That he himself had served a regular Apprentice-strip; and it was cudomary for the Professors of the Business to do the fame: That a Business of this Nature was of indispensible Necessity within the Bills of Mortality, to Persons falling under the following Descriptions.

Fird, To the yery poor Sort of People, such as Persons who cry Fish, Fruit, or other Wares, about the Streets, and other People who may be reckoned in the lowed Class of Life, who, not having any personal Credit, are obliged to have Recourse to the Pawnbrokers, and by the Money borrowed from them, are enabled to purchase the several Commodities they deal in; and, by the Profits arising from thence, to support themselves and Families: That it is of such singular Service to Numbers of these poor People, that it is very usual, besides maintaining themselves and Families the whole Week, to get diffident to make a comfortable Provision for Sunday.

Another Class of People to whom the Business was of Service, were the middling Sort of Tradesmen, who, from the Nature of their respective Businesses, are under a Necessity to employ a great Number of Journeymen; these People, by the Money borrowed of the Pawnbrokers, are enabled to pay their Journeymen's Wages, support their Credit, and maintain their Families, which, lie conceived they could not do, were there no such Bu-liness; by reason of the great Credit they are obliged to give their Customers,

That it was likewise of great Benefit to these Journeymen, who, having nothing but their Wages to depend on, must perish when sick, or out of Employment, if there were no such Profession.

And lastly, To Artificers and Handycraftfmcn, who, by the Money borrowed of the Pawnbrokers, were enabled to buy Materials to carry on their Businesses; and which few of them could otherwise do, by reason of their not having any personal Credit; and even those few who might have Credit for their Materials, can better afford to pay the Pawnbroker the Interest he takes, and go to Market with ready Money, than'to take up their Materials upon Trust; the Difference of buying Goods with ready Money, and upon Trust, being more in Proportion than the Pawnbroker takes.

Mr. James Wilson confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Grainger, as to the Nature and Necessity of the Bufi-nels; and said, That he looked upon it as a distinct Business; that he himself had served an Apprenticeship to it; and since he had been a Mailer, he had taken Two Apprentices: That the Number of Pledges taken in by him were, upon an Average, 70 a Day, *ths whereof were under the Value of Ten Shillings.

Mr. Nathanael Brown informed your Committee, That he had served a regular Apprenticeship, and has been many Years a Master: That he always used the utmost Caution, and stricteft Enquiry, before he took in a Pledge of the most trifling Value from a Stranger; for that it was always his Method to enquire who the Person was, and where he lived; and if the Goods offered were not suitable to the Appearance which the Person m ide, that he always enquired into the Property; and if Goods of Value, always sent home with the Party who offered them, to be satisfied therein; and whenever he had Reason to suspect that the Goods were not honestly come by, it was his constant Practice to rejett the Pledge, or to (top the Party and Goods.

He then proceeded to give several Instances to the Committee, wherein he had flopped Persons and Goods;

and delivered in an Account of the feme; which is annexed in the Appendix N* I.

He said. That Jie constantly toeik in the Daily vertifer, being the Paper wherein Lolfes and Robberies are usually advertised, that he might receive as early Intelligence-as possible, out of which he constantly tran-feribed the Advertisements of such Losses and Robberies into a Book; by which means he could directly find when any Pledge offered to him had been advertised: That he could and would oftener flop Persons and Goods, if he durst; but the Law not authorizing him to flop fuf> petted Persons, he was many times afraid to do it, left he should happen to mistake the real Owner for a Thief, and thereby bring himself into Trouble; and several Persons, whom he has had the greatest Reason to suspect, have even dared him to flop them at his Peril.

But he gave several Instances to your Committee, and delivered in a List of Persons who keep Ale-houses, Gin-fliops, Chandlets-shops, and Coal-cellars, who likewise take in Pledges; and who, when detetted for any mal Practices, fereen themselves under the Name of Pawnbrokers, without mentioning their other Professions; and that he apprehends the Mischiefs complained of, chiefly arose from such Persons being permitted to take in Pledges.

And he tnflanced a Journeyman to a Salefimn, who having received in Pawn a Watch which was stolen, being committed to New Prison for receiving it, knowing it to be so, passed under the , and was publickly advertised to be a certain Pawnbroker, although his Master dealt in nothing but Buying and Selling; the Reproach of which, by that means, fell upon the Pawnbrokers: And that many more Instances might be given of the like Nature.

Mr. Jonathan Beez/ey confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Brown. And,

Mr. fVilJon, being further examined, said. That the Profits of the Pawnbrokers are not superior, if equal, to those of other middling Tradesmen; and acquainted the Committee with the Nature and Profits of his Business; and delivered in an Account of the Value of his Capital, and the Amount of the Profits arising thereupon; which is annexed in the Appendix, N* II. whereby it appeared that he did not return his Capital above twice in a Year; and that he did not make above 16 per Cent, per Annum upon his whole Capital; out of which was to be paid House-rent, Servants Wages, and every other Expence attending the negotiating such a Business.

That for every Pledge of the Value of 1 s. he took a Half-peny for every Calendar Month; and for Two Months a Peny: And though the Profits on these small Pledges appear exorbitant, yet it would be impossible to live upon Pledges of that Value only, since the Profit will not answer the Charge of transacting the Business: For upon every Pledge taken in, he is obliged to make an Entry'of the Sum lent, and the Person to whom, and the Nature of the Pledge, in a Day book; that he likewise ticket ted or billed every such Parcel; and the feme was then to be folded up, and disposed of in the proper Place in the Warehouse for its particular Sortment; that upon its being re-demanded, it was fetched out of the Warehouse, which is usually up Two Pair of Stairs, and delivered at a Minute's Warning; that the Entry in the Book, and the Bill, were both to be discharged, in order to balance the Account; that the Pledge must always be inspected as to the Value, when taken in; and if the Pledger is a Stranger, great Trouble and Caution is required in being satisfied as to the Property: That this engrosses his whole Time and Attention, so that he cannot follow any other Business for his Livelihood.

Mr. George Curtis confirmed the Account of Mr. fVi/fon, as to the Nature and Profits of the Business; and likewise delivered in to your Committee, an Account of his Capital and Profits from the Year 1741 to the present Time; whereby it appeared he had made about 17 per Cent, per Annum grols Produce, on his whole Capital;

19 Geo. II. 3

lal; out of which the Charges of Management, and other incident CiiargeS are to be deducted as aforesaid. The Account delivered in by him is annexed in the Appendix N' 111.

The Two last Witnesses being asked, What Profit they thought the Generality of Pawnbrokers made upon their Capitals at a Medium ? They severally answered, That they believed about 16 Cent, per Amtu*.

Mr. Grainger being f urther examined, as to vexatious Law-Suits brought against the Professors of this Business, said. There was lcarce a Term wherein Actions of Usury, and Actions of Trover, were not brought against them; and that the Actions of Trover were generally for Goods which have been pledged above Two Years; and that he himself had an Action of Trover brought against him for felling Goods which be had been possessed of Six Years.

Mr. Beezley confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Grainger, as to the vexatious Suits brought against the Profession; and said further, That he himself had an Action of Trover brought against him for Goods pledged in October 1739; that he had kept them above Four Years, for lear of being sued; that being of a perishable Mature, and much damaged, he was obliged to fell them for 40*. less than the Money he had lent upon them; that he was afterwards sued for those very Goods, in the Nameof a Person who he did not know; and not being able to make a Defence in Point of Law, he was obliged to give Ten Guineas to make it up.

That very lately he had a laced Waistcoat pawned to him for Two Guineas, which the Person who pledged to him (who was not the Owner) afterwards informed him, was pledged for more Money than he could get for it by Sale; and that it was never intended to be redeemed; upon which he with Difficulty fold it for the Money he had lent: That by some means the Owner of the Waistcoat coming to the Knowledge of the Sale of it, has since demanded Eleven Pounds; and threatens him with an Action, uniris he comply with that extravagant Demand.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Regulating of Pawnbrokers.

Appendix, N° I.

A Lift of Persons and Goods flopped at the Shop of Regulating

Nathanael Brown. Pawnbroker*

Trade.

October 21st 1736. Stopped Mary , with a

Gold Seal of Mr. Brifcoe's, at the Fire-Office in Hare-Court, N° 2. in the Temple: Went before Justice De Veil. — No Prosecution.

Stopped about the same time a Silver Knife-handle, belonging to the Duke of St. Alban's Family.

15 April 1738. Stopped Mary , with a Silver Spoon of Mrs. Wilcox's, in Nassau-streeWent before Justice Frazier. — Cast for Transportation.

30 May 1738. Stopped a Sheet of Mr. s, Attorney in Chancery-Lane. — No Prosecution.

17 August 1738. Stopped Thomas Cox, with a Silver

Spoon, the Property of William fVeare Efcjuire, in -

street. Red-Lion-square :Went before Justice De Veil. —

Cast for Transportation.

3d June 1740. Stopped Eliz. Smart, with a Diamond Ring of Value, of Mr. Wright's, Wine-Merchant, in Piccadilly: Went before Justice De Veil. — No Prosecution.

28 April. Stopped William Johnson and Wm. Dunn,' with a Silver Spoon of Mrs. May hew's, in the

Went before Justice De Veil: Dunn was committed to Bridewellt from whence he made his Elcape. — Mrs.

Mayhew's House was broke open, and loft several Things of Value.

5th December 1741. Stopped Eliz. Morgan, with a Silver-hilted Sword, stolen from Miles Carrol,

Cross. — Cast for Transportation.

5th May 1742. Stopped Frances Vickery, with a Silver Spoon of Mr. Threader's, at the George at Wandsworth:

Discharged out of the Gatehouse on Pretence of having' cut her Throat.

Stopped a Woman, with a Child's Silver Spoon, stolen from the Nurfc's at Alton: Went before Justice De Veil.

Stopped a Man, with Three or Four Pair of Stockings; Hole from his Sifter at Westminster: Went before Justice De Veil.

Stopped a Woman, with Two Stewpans, the Property of a Gentleman in Grtfvcnar-square.

15 May 1745. Stopped Thomas Spike, with a Gold Watch, made by Tompton and Bangor, stole from his 3

Mailer Edward Mastert Esquire: Carried him before Sir Thomas De Veil. — Cast for Transportation.

N* II.

STATE of the Business of James Wilson, from the First Year he entered into Trade; viz. June 14th 1734, to June

30th 1745; shewing the Returns and Profits on his capital Stock.

YEARS.

r *735

1736

>737 >73* *73*

1740

1741 >74* >743 >744 >745

By Sales of all Sorts "j of Goods, which J should have been j deducted from I Stock each Year. J

6

3 ii J* §

Money lent Pledges. Oft Cash received. Profits thereon. Money funk into Stock the sevenl Years.

£ s. d. £ So d. £ s. do £ s. d.

2,892 s 1 2,002 lS H 102 5 — 890 5 1

3»>5o >7 8 2,66l 2 8$ 182 10 a* *,379 >9 >i

3*890 >3 3i 3.3*0 13 3i 268 >4 1 *,959 >9 1

4*357 1 3* 3.383 — 8* 3* 4 1 2,762 3 4

4.576 15 8 4>244 5 — 377 4 10 2,872 5 7

4.349 l6 1 3*5*0 11 9* 3»t 8 6 3,007 6 —

3.960 15 11 3.593 5 11 3*1 >7 6 3.030 6 4

3,c68 I 1 5 2,896 16 >i 288 4 5 3,560 3 —

4»>54 I. 6 3.907 — 3 360 3 4 3,621 >5 —

4.56o 3 11 4,640 6 2 390 T 6 3»*3° 4 6

3>724 7 3 4,73* 5 3 397 >5 S 3.560 7 5

- - - 3 OO *5 6 3* 7 6 2,584 12 V

42,686 — jJ 39,9*9 18 3

Stack remains this Year.

N.B. He began Business the 24th June 1734; that the First Year June 14th 1734 to June 30th 17# Vol. 25.

48

A. 1745.

Regulating

Pawnbrokers

Trade.

Gloucester, lec. Roads.

31 Januar

N' III.

Am ACCOUNT of the Capital Stock of George Cur, and the Profits arising thereupon for Five Years,

distinguishing each Year.

Capital Stock. Calli lent. Cash received ky Delivering. Profit by Delivery. Sale of Good*. Profit by Sales- Per Cent, oa Capital.

£. S. d. £ s. d. £' d. £ * £' £> s. d. £. s. d.

In the Year 1741 1,726 — 4 4 >052 7 2 3,522 12 St 287 12 8 21 16 3 3 *4 — 16 16 —

1742 2,89! 7 — 6,452 *7 9 i 5*5 *3 3 398 2 2 231 6 7 43 *< 11 *5 4 4

*743 2,9*2 13 9 5*9* 9 5»58* *0 4i 494 } 4*7 3 12* 12 5 20 11 9

*744 3,27 ft 4 ~ 6,815 6 "s* 6,140 13 4 467 *4 9i 009 1 3* 182 II IO *9 *5 9*

*745, 3,707 16 — 6,593 6 3 5.790 *3 6 4*4 *3 55* *4 8* 170 3 — *6 — Si

Which, upon an Average, is £.17. us, upon the Capital.

N. B. The Parcels taken in each Year were about 15,450.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sir Edw. Turner, Nlr.Proby, Mr. Chester, Lord Gage, Mr. the better Regulating of Pawnbrokers: And that Mr. Gage, Sir John Glinn, Sir Miles Mr. Lowndes,

Carew, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Mr. Mr.; and all the Members who serve Gundry, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the for the Counties of Worcester, Hereford, and

feme. South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others,

living near, or usually travelling through, the Road lead- A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, Africaa ing from the City of Gloucester to the Village of Stone; being offered to be presented to the House; Company

and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, Durjley, Wot ton- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's

Underedge, Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of Glou- Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, ctjler; was presented to the House, and read; reciting having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti-Part of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign tion, recommends it to the Consideration of this House, of his. late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Then the said Petition was brought up, and read;

Act for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to setting forth. That the Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to Stone; and also the Roads to and' near Berkeley, Durjley, Africa, upon which the British Colonies and Plantations Wot ton- Under edge, Stroud, and1 Sodbury, in the County of in America chiefly depend, and which is otherwise very Gloucester.; and setting forth. That the Trustees aft ing beneficial to this Nation, cannot be preserved, if t bounder the Authority, of the said Act, did, in Pursuance, British Forts and Settlements in Africa, belonging to the and upon the Credit of the same Act, borrow of divers. Petitioners, are not supported: And that it having ap-Persons. several Sums of Money, which were applied peared to the House, That they cannot be maintained towards the repairing.of the said Roads,'pursuant to the without the Aid of Parliament, in consequence thereof,

Directions of the same Act; and that the Sums lb bor- the House has thought proper, for several Years past, to rowed, have since been mostly repaid by the Trustees, out grant several Sums of Money towards that Service: And of the Monies arising by the Tolls or Duties in the said therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises Act mentioned: And that, as the Monies arising by the into Consideration, and make such further Provision- for said Tolls and Duties, have in a great measure been the Support of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the applied towards the Repayment of the Sums lo borrowed; House shall seem meet.

the Surplus or Remainder of the said Tolls and Duties Orde the said Petition do lie upon the Table, hath not hitherto been sufficient to keep the whole of the said Roads in effectual Repair; but that the fame, by Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Diflempar

reason of the many heavy Carriages constantly passing Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom among*

through the fame, and the Nature of the Soil, which the Bill for preventing the Spreading of tire Distemper Cattle, consists chiefly of a deep Clay, anti the Difficulty of get- which now rages among the horned Cattle of this King-ting proper Materials for the Repair thereof, is, in many dom, was committed, be now read.

Parts thereof, greatly decayed, and become in a ruinous And the said Order being read accordingly;

Condition, and dangerous for Travellers, elpecialfy in the Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Winter Season; and that the said Roads cannot be put Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Com-into and kept in good- Repair, either by the Money to mitteetowhora the said Bill was committed,

arise by the said Tolls and Duties for the Remainder of Ordered, That the Account of what Number of Raw

the Term granted by the said Act, or by the usual Me- Hides have been imported into England, from Christmas

thod and Course appointed by Law for the Repairing of 1734,. to Michaelmas *745; distinguishing each Year,

Highways: And therefore praying. That Leave may be and the Places from whence imported, be referred to the given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Tolls and . said Committee.

Duties granted by the said Act of Parliament for such

further Term, as to this Houselhall feemmeet. A Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony Settlement of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Ccn- of Georgia in America, being offered to be presented to the Colony federation of a Committee: And that they do examine the House; of Georgia,

the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall ap- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's pear to them, to the House. Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,

And it-is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Carew, Major having been informed of the Contents of the fikl Pcti-Selwyn, Mr. Mellish, Sir John Philipps, Sir John Bar- tion, recommends it to the Consideration of this House. rington, Mr. Gore, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Alderman Heath- Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; fef-cote, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Prowje, Mr. ting forth,-That the Petitioners have, with the greateli Gybbon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Hill, Mr. Brand, Lord Bar* Economy, carried on the Settlement of the Colony, and rington, Mr. Williams, Mr. Harley, Lord Deerhurf, supported its Civil Government, as required of than by

17 his

19 Geo. II. 31* Januarii. — 1 Februarii. 49

his Majesty's Royal Charter, for Three Years part, by The Order of the Day being read, for the ttoufe to the Aid only of the last Parliamentary Grant, in the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Year 1743: That on the 29th of June 1742, it was, consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; amongst other Things, resolved by this House, That it , That the Estimate of the Charge of Two

was very necessary and advantageous to this Nation, that Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, the Colony of Georgiafhould be preserved and supported: raised under the Command of several Noblemen; and

And representing to the House, That it isjnot in the of Twenty Independent Companies of Foot, raised for Power of the Petitioners to carry on those Services, and the Highlands; for 365 Days, be referred to the said Com* maintain a Civil Government, so cfiential to the very mittee.

Being of the Colony, without the further Assistance of , That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty s

this House: And therefore praying this House to take Navy, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Com-, the Premises into Consideradon; and do therein as the mittee.

House (Hall think meet. Then the House resolved itself into the said Com*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- mittee. sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

his Majesty. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported, from the Committee, That they I>. Rnther- Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to bad come tofeveral Resolutions; which they had directed ' " the Reverend Doctor Rutherforth, for the Sermon by him him to report, when the House will please to receive the preached Yesterday before uiis House, at St. Margaret's,feme.

Wefimbifter; and that he be desired to print the fame: , That the Report be received Tomorrow

And that Mr. Burrell and Mr. Jetty ns do acquaint him Morning.

therewith. Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was di-

Accnont; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac-

Servicei count of w'hat Money hath been ordered by the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer, and received by the Treasurer of the Navy, for any Services of the Navy', from the 31 ft Day of December 1744, to the 31st Day of December 1745; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

Lrr* again (I The House was moved. That the Second Section of Carling and an made in the 6th and 7th Year of the Reign of wearing. King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual luppretiing profane Curling and Swearing, might be read.

And the feme being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, the Laws in being to prevent profane Curling and Swearing: And that Mr.

Carerv, Mr. Gibbon, Sir John , and Mr.

ham, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. Papers re- That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, f* That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions that aaents. " the proper Officers do lay before this House, the Certificates from the commanding Officers of the Fifteen Regiments commanded by certain Noblemen, setting forth when they were half compleat; as also Copies of all the Rolls of Muller of the said Regiments, with the Dates thereof; and also by what General Officer or Officers the said Regiments have been respectively reviewed; together with the Report, if any, made to his Majesty, from such General Officers:

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TcHers for I Ik Noes, \ } ‘7°-

So it pa(Tcd in the Negative.

Eank Agree- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to m*.n. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Conditions therein mentioned;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said bill.

Vol. 85.

rested by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, i° die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii 1141 Regis, 1745. Praters.

A PETITION of John Elwick Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That his -present Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the 21st Day of November, in the Eighth Year of his. Reign, did

grant to John Tuite of London, Goldsmith, the foie fcxer-cife and, Advantage of an Engine for making Stone Pipes; but that, because the said John Tuite could not carry such Invention into Execution, for want ol a Suin of Money sufficient for that Purpose, he did, for a valuable Consideration, assign all his Property in the same to divers Persons, of whom the Petitionerwas one; but that the other Parties concerned in such Purchase, not complying with their several Agreements in relation to carrying on the said Undertaking, it stood unprosecuted till the Year 1743; when the Petitioner, finding so useful an Inventu n likely to drop, after expending many Thousand Pounds in the Purchase and Prosecution thereof, applied to Parliament for a Renewal of the Term granted by the Letters Patent; and obtained an Act of Parliament for vesting in him the sole Property of the said Engine, and to enlarge the Term granted by Letters Patent for the fame; which Term, by such Act, was extended to Fou.teen Years beyond the Expiration of the then subsisting Patent; That the Petitioner, hath, with great Labour, and at a very large Expence, improved this Engine in such Manner, that he can therewith bore, and at the feme time polish. Cannons, Mortars, and Musquets, of any Size, for the Use of his Majesty's Army and Navy, or any other Purposes, at much less Expence, and with more Certainty and Expedition, than the feme can possibly be

O pci*

Supply,

Ways and

Means,

Elwick*

Engine for boring Sconf Pipes.

Market Ila r borough,

&c.

Road.

Butchers'

Company.

Supply.

jyO i° Februarii 1745.

performed by any Methods hitherto discovered or practised; all which the Petitioner is able, at any time, to demonstrate, by ocular and experimental Proof: That the Petitioner hath as yet made very, little Advantage of this Engine, in the Way of boring Stone; the same having met with several Discouragements, on account of its being a private Property; and having been at so large an Expence in purchasing, improving, and perfecting, this Invention to so good a Purpose, and which may prove so useful, at this particular Conjuncture, to his Majesty's Board of Ordnance; and being ready and willing to devote this his Invention solely to the Use of the Publick, upon such Terms as the Legislature shall deem reasonable, as a Compensation for his Trouble and Expence: Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and do therein, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That, the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. S'm/V/i.presented to the House, according to Order, a' Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester-, and for; making the said Act more effectual; and the same was received; and read the First time.

ResolvedThat the Bill be read a Second time.

A.Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of Butchers, of the City of don, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That King Charles the First did, by his Letters Patent, bearing. Date the 31st Day of July, in the Thirteenth Year of his Reign, incorporate the Petitioners, by the Name of, The Mafier, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Art or Mystery of Butchers, of the City of London:

and directed. That there should be annually, for ever thereafter, on a Day for that Purpose mentioned in the said Letters Patent, elected a Master, Wardens, and Assistants; which said Master, Wardens, and their Successors, for the Time being, are, by the said Letters Pa-, tent, impowered to insped, govern, and regulate, the Persons therein described, exercising or tiling the Art or Mystery of Butchers, in such Manner as therein mentioned: That the Election of a Master, under the express Words of the said Letters Patent, has been attended with Difficulty; and such Election is now rendered impradi-cable: And that, by that, and other means. Informations and Actions have been exhibited and commenced against the Petitioners, touching Matters done, as the Petitioners conceived, under the Meaning of the said Letters Patent; whereby the Petitioners, and the Public, are deprived of the Benefit thereby intended: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual, the said Letters Patent.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which the Committee had directed him to report r the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Seventy-seven thousand Five hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and a Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for continuing Two Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, now in his Majesty's Service, under the Command of several Noblemen, for the further Time of One hundred Twenty-two Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding One hundred Ninety-eight thousand and Forty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary 22

of the Navy, including Half-Pay to Sea-Officers, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen, near. Gosport, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn, out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second tjme, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are sub- ChariraWe feribed, being Members or Proprietors of the Charitable Corporation. Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Corporation, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That her late Majesty Queen Anne, in the Year 1707, did grant unto the said Corporation a Charter, with divers Privileges and Powers, and, in particular, a Power to raise, by voluntary Subscription, a Fund of £.30,000, and that the Members thereof should receive a Benefit proportionable to their Shares therein; and also a Power to make By-laws: That the said original Fund, beingjudged too small to carry on the Design of this In-stitution, his late and present Majesty were pleased to grant the said Corporation, by Three several Royal Licences, a Power to increase their Fund or Capital to £.600,000, by means whereof, the said Corporation having raised several Hundred thousand Pounds, they carried on, for several Years, a fair and successful Trade, and always supplied Persons who made Pledges with them at a moderate Rate, and carefully preserved such Pledges, and ever faithfully restored them, or the Surplusses due upon them, to the Borrowers, without Fraud or Imposition:

And having thus, in all Respects, during the whole Course of their Dealings, acted uprightly, according to the Design for which they were incorporated, their Trade at length extended to all Degrees of People, until, by a most infamous Confederacy between feme of the Directors, Officers, and Servants, the said Corporation were defrauded of near their whole Capital; and great Part of what was left has (ince been spent in Litigations, to recover Satisfaction; but with very little Effect: That these Litigations being now almost finally ended, the Court of Committee of the said Corporation, in Conjunction with many of themost considerable Proprietors, taking into Consideration the present calamitous Situation of the Corporation, who are left without a Fund sufficient to trade withal, yet are exposed to a Forfeiture of thek'

Charter, unless they do trade, have concerted together in what Manner a new Fund might be raised, for the Purposes of their Charter, as the only Means left to save the Company from total Destruction: That accordingly a Scheme was prepared, by Order of the Court of Committee of the said Corporation; which was drawn with all the Ten-derness towards the Circumstances of the Proprietors that could confidently be, with the Nature or the same:

That the Court of Committee likewise provided a System of By-laws, so greatly rectified from the former Methods used in this Corporation, that the Petitioners apprehend no considerable Frauds can again ever happen therein; and that the said Corporation have taken all adviseable Means to render both the Scheme and Plan publick, not only by causing them to be printed, and delivered to the Proprietors, but by publishing frequent Adv.rtisements in the publick Papers of these Transactions: And that, after about Twelve Months had been spent in public and private Meetings, to regulate Measures necessary to restore the Company, a General Court

N

19 Geo. II.

i° — 3° Fe

of the Proprietors was duly called, and held, the iath of March last; at which, and at several other ensuing General Courts, the said Scheme was established; and a Call of Twenty Shillings a Share on each Proprietor was made, to be paid by Four Instailments, of Five Shillings each; and an exa<ft and just Appraisement was, at the same time, ordered to be made of the present Effects, Debts, and Rights, of the said Corporation, except the Charter and Licences; and that all Proprietors, who did not think fit to contribute to the new Fund, might receive their distributive Share of those Effects, upon executing Releases of their Right and Interest in the said Corporation; with divers other Clauses, for the Eafeand Benefit of the Proprietors: That notwithstanding what the General Court had thus done for the Preservation of the whole Company, yet, upon taking the Opinion of divers of the most eminent Counsel, both at Law and in Equity, they found, that the Powers in their Charter would not warrant any Call compelling the Payment of Mopey; but that Proprietors who were Defaulters, and run no Risque, would have an equal Benefit by the Profits of a new Fund with those that ventured their Money, and restored the Company: That therefore, as many of the ' Proprietors could not be prevailed on to answer the Call, those who were desirous to do la, would not in Prudence make their Payments; sincethey could have no superior Interest in the Charter than those who did not: That, besides this, another unfortunate Circumstanceis, That Thirty thousand of the Corporation Shares, and upwards, arc veiled inTiruftces, Executors, Administrators, Infants, and Lenders, before the nth of October 1731; and that several Thousand other Shares belong to Proprietors known to be dead, who either have no legal Representatives, or such as will not veil t hem selves with their Shares, or concern themselves therewith; and that several Thousand more Shares (land in the Names of Persons who are not known, nor do appear, but are supposed to be dead; all which Executors, fYuftees, and Mortgagees, according to the Opinion of the said Counsel, would not be justified, if they obeyed the said Call; a Consideration, which ofitself is sufficient to repel every Attempt that might be made to re-establish the said Corporation, without the Affillance of the Legislature: That the Situation of the said Corporation is more grievous, in regard they have no Course at Law to extricate themselves; but they mull inevitably fink, unless the House will be pleased to interpose so far towards their Relief, as to give all Proprietors of Shares in this Corporation, and their legal Representatives, their Option either to conform with such a Call as to a General Court shall seem expedient, or take their full distributive Share of the present Effects, and release the said Corporation of their Interest and Shares therein: And representing to the House, That the Corporation apprehend such a Compuifion will be a real Benefit, not only to the conforming Proprietors, but likewise to those who chuse to be Defaulters; because, unless a new Fund is raised, that Part of the old one that is left, must be wasted in necessary Charges; and then the present Shares, having no in-trinsic Value, will consequentlyproduce nothing; whereas if a new Fund is raised, the Proprietors of the old may

5

forthwith take their Part of it, or dispose of their Shares to such Persons as are willing to contribute to a new Fund; which if they do not before the Weight of Expences swallows up the Calli in Hand, many of the Rights and Credits belonging to the Corporation will be loft; because the Recovery of them depends upon the Ability of the Corporation to go through the Courts of Justice: That the said Corporation, in the Way of their Trade, have been found to be of general Use to the Inhabitants of these Two great Cities of and

minster-, and, as being a Corporate Body, must be able to lend upon far easier Terms, and with greater Security to the Borrower; apd conseqyeptly cannot fad to prove a principal Remedy against the Oppressions and Frauds of private Lendersupon Pledges: And therefore praying, That in Companion to the present perplexed Situation of the Petitioners, Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the said Corporation to make a- Call on the Proprietors of Shares in the said Corporation, towards carrying on the Business of their Charter, of so much Money on each Share as a General Court of the said Corporation shall find necessary; with such Powers, Conditions, and C'laufes, as the House shall think proper, to regulate and enforce the said Call; and to make a full and just Distribution of the said Company's Effects as shall be judged expedient; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-, ing, Nine of the Clock.

Lunate 3* die Februarii;

Anno 19° Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Of OHN"Daniel Dreyer took the Oaths appointed, in % J order to his. Naturalization.

Ordered, That Sir John Barrington, Mr. Thomas Gore, juatchbull'i Mr. York, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Phillip- Name. /on. Sir John Gordon, General Onslow, Mr. tVilkinson,

Mr. Whichcote, be abided to the Committee, to whom

the Bill for enabling Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, is

committed.

The House being Informed, That Mr. Dawson, from State of the Exchequer, attended at the Door; the p*,b,t°"al

He was called in; apd, at the Bar, presented to the tl House, pursuant to their Order, a State of the National Debt, provided or unprovided for by Parliament, as it Hood on the 31st Day of December 1744, and on the 31st Day of December 174$:

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said State was read:

The laid State is as follows; viz.

1

VOL. aj.

To

D

(Q

f — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

FT

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,

A STATE of the NATIONAL DEBT, provided or unprovided for by Parliament} as it flood on the 31st Day of December 1744, and on the 31st Day of December 1745.

Cn

in by

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and 1'cribed to the South-Sett Company ——

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed Annuities for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining, after what is fallen

Deaths.....-....

Annuities on the Plate-Act, 6° Georgii Irai Regis ——

Annuities for Nevis and St. Christopher's Debentures, at £.3 per per Annum Annuities, at £.3 ior. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1731 -

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1736, charged on the Sinking Fund

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1738, charged on the Sinking Fund Duties on Salt further continued, Amo 1741

Duties on Salt further continued. Anno 1745 ——

Exchequer- Bills made out for Interest of Old Bills exchanged - -

Exchequer- Bills charged on the Duties on Sweets, Anno 1737 - -

Exchequer- Bills charged on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, Anno 1743

Note, The Land;Taxes, and the Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the £. 1,000,000. charged on the Deductions of 6 on

Pensions.

Eafi.India Company.

By Two Acts of Parliament, 9* Wm. Ill® Regis-, and Two other Acts, 6* and 9* Ann* Regina ——

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus of the additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters ——

Bank of England.

On their original Fund, at £. 3. per Cent per , from the First Day of August 1743

Fur Cancelling Excliequer-tiilis, 3' Geo. 1, UI Regis ——

Purchased of the South-Sea Company . ——

P 171? - ....

c Annuities, at £. 4. per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Surplus of the Funds, for Lottery 1714 - " -

Amount of the National Debt, on the 31st Day 0 {December 1744. s % Increased between the 31st Day of December 1744, and 31st December 1745* Paid off, within that Time. Amount of the National Debt, on 31 ft Day of December 174s*

£ s. d. £. s. d. 1- d. C > i-

M36>27 S 17 . - l,*3^»275 *7 >°t

108,100 — — m rn 108,100 —

102,847 8 2 1,000 — — 101,847 t 2|

312,000 — — m - 3I*,300

37,821 5 i* - - 37,821 5 li

400,000 — — - - 400,000 —

600,000 — — - 6 oo, oco

300,000 ... - 300,000

1,091,4*0 m 152,800 938,600

1,000,000 — - 1,000,000

2,200 — — - - 2,000

499,6*0 — — m * m 499,600

986,800 m m 986,800 — —

3,200,000 — — m m «. 3,200,000

1,000,000 — m — m — 1,000,000 — —

3,200,000 — — ^, m m m m 3,200,000 — — -

500,000 — ' — - - 500,000 — -

4*000,000 — — (I - - m m m 4,oooo.oco — —

y J >750,000 m m mm 1,750,000 — —

1,250,000 M . 1,250,000

9

- -

t/i

1

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, for Lottery, Art* 1751 -

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 174*, charged on the Sinking Fund -

p Annuities, zX. £.$. per Cent, per Annum, for Lottery, Anno 1743, charged on the additional

*» Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters -

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Amo 1743, charged on ditto -

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, for Lottery, Anno 1744, charged on Surplus of the

additional Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters ——

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on ditto -

Annuities, at £.3 perCent, per Annum, for Lottery, Anno 1745, charged on additional Duties on all Wines imported fmcc Lady-day 1745 ——

Annuities, at £. 3. per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1745, charged on ditto -

Memorandum, The Subscribers of £. 100 to this Lottery, were allowed an Annuity for One Life of 9 s.a Ticket, from Midsummer 17455 which amounts to 22,500 Annum, and is an Increase of the National Debt; but cannot be added thereto, as no Money was advanced for the lame.

South-Sea Company.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities, 9* Georgii I. Regis ——

Exchequer, 3d February 1745a

J. Dazv/on.

O

cq'

N

CD

Q_

n

900.000 — —

800.000 — —

800.000 — - — 1,000,000 — ' —

600.000 — — 1,200,000 — —

800.000 — —

800.000 — —

800.000 — —

1,000/300 ——

600.000 — —

1,200,000 — —

Vo

O

w

O

500,000 — — 1,500,000 — —

500,000 — — 1,500,000 — —

27,302,203 5 6$

53,679,247 16 94

3,000,000 ——

153,80© ——

47,302,203- 5 64

56»525»447 9i

XJO

<v

r

err

Vincent's

Marriage

Jointure.

Distemper amongst " Cattle.

Inkpea

Inclosure.

Dreyer'a

Nat.

54 3' — 4° Febntarii, A. *74^-

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, Ellis, Mr. Mr. Nor. , Sir Henry to be perused by the Members of the House. And they ate to meet this Afterdoon it Five-'of thd

Clock, in' the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Join- RefoThat an humble Address bd pfefented to hSf Account of

ture on any future Marriage, and Provision for his Daugh- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the p^f1

ters and younger Sons, was read a Second time. proper Officers to lay before this House,- an Account of Re.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General On-all the Savings upon the Sums granted by Parliament for gimenu. /low, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr Mel-the Four Months Pay of Two new Regiments of Horse, lish, Mr. Dupplin, M. Wilkinson, Sir John Barrington, and Thirteen new Regiments of Foot, under the Com-

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Fane, Sir John Gordon, mand of several Noblemen; together with Copies of the Mr. West, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Abercrombie, Sir Certificates, which set forth when the said Regiments re-

Roger Braidjhaigh, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. spectively, or any of them, were returned Half complete:

Douglas, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Mr. Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Cartwright, Mr. Neale, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Godolphin, Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his

Mr. Proby, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Stert, Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord _ ,

Advocate of Scotland, Sir James Grant, Mr. Powney, Sir An inferofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

John Crojfe, Mr. Warburttn, Lord Perceval, Mr. Ong- for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, Llclolure* ley, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain CofH-Counties of Surrey and Middlesex: And they are to mon Fields within the Parish of Inkpen, in the County of meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Berks, was read the First time.

Speaker's Chamber. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tune.

Sir John Crojfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was re-committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there unto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to enable his Majesty, by Proclamation, or Order in Council, published in the London Gazette, to prohibit the Importation of raw Hides of Kine, from any Part beyond the Seas; and to subject to the Penalties of the Bill such Persons as, contrary to such his Majesty's Proclamation or Order, shall import such Hides from such foreign Parts, from which, by such Proclamation or Order, they shall be prohibited to be imported.

And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank:

An Objection being made to the Wording of the said Clause, the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Confident ion of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Boroughs and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields within the Parish of Inkpen, in the County of Berks: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Dreyer, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Talbot, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Carew, Sir Charles IVindham, Lord Coke, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Boone, Major Selwyn, Mr. Nugent, Lord Inchequin, Mr. War bur ton. Dr. Newland, Mr. Bankes, Sir Edw. Turner, Mr. Keene, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. , Mr. Ofbal-

deflon, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Gore, Lord Sir

Grant, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vyner, Mr. IVhichcote, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Row-r.ey, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. zz

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Bank whole House, upon the Bill for establishing an Agrei- 'Agreement, ment with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Conditions therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

M r. Fane took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martiiy 40 die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgiill41 Regis, 1745.

PR AYERS.

SI R John Cujl presented to the House, according to Ripoa

Order, a Bill for giving further Time to the Com- Ac.

missioners therein named to execute the Powers and Authorities remaining unexecuted of a former Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common claimed by, and belopging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Boin the County of York 1 and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right: And the same was re ceived; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, to whom Knatchbell'a the Bill for enabling Sir Wyndham Knatehbull Baronet, and Name, his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Re- Manufadurr vel, Mr. Wimington, Mr. OswaldMr. , Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Gu/fion.,be added to the Committee, to Sai C otb‘

whom

Bank

Agreement.

Asti of Common Courcil of London.

Distemper among (I Cattle.

Inatchbull's

Name.

Vincent*

Marriage

Jointure.

19 Geo. II. 40 — 50 FebrUarli. $§

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants ot i, and

Places adjacent, is referred.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole Hcrale, to whom the Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the Conditions therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments' which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment:, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill fir repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City- f London; and for preferring the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, as relates to the Making or Palling of Ad:, Orders, or Ordinances, fn Common Council} was read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas^: }"6'

Teller, for the Noes, J JJr. junior, J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Re/o/ved , That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5* die Februarii; Anno 19° Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

a Jointure, on iny future Marring, and Prcvifiorrfor his Daughters and younger Sons, is committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road, from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the Count

of Leicester -, and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir ‘Thomas Cave, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cust, Sir John CroJJe, Lord Perceval, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Hayward, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Roger Nezd-' digate, Mr. Pley dell, Mr. Sav General Mr!

Plumptre, Mr. West, Mr. Proby, Sir James Grant, Mr-Hay, Mr. Muffenden, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Wkichcote, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Francis Dashwood, Sir Wms Wynn, Lora

Dupplin, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Carezv, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. VyMr. Gore, Sir Charles

Mordaunt. Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Jeeffrefou; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, and, Nottingham: :And they are to meet this Afternoon at, Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take, and use, the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased, was committed. That the Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Talbot reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Dreyer, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allega< tions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to tire House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, Hut the Bill be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Cqnrmittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning ingnext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majestyj

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Market Harborough, dec. Road.

Alie'a

Name.

Dreyer*

Net.

Supply.

Ways

and Mean*.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enabling Sir Wyndham

bull Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Batoner, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Wyndham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord Wyndham, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make Vot. 25.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Distemper Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill forpre- amongst venting the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages **"* among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, wac committed.

A Clause was again offered, to be added to the Bill, to enable his Majesty, by Proclamation, or Order in Council, to lay a Penalty on the Importers of raw Hides.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent the Driving of infected Cattle from one County into another:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks: And the said Clause was amended.

And

5*

S* Februarii.

A. 1745,

Account of Savings in certain Regiments.

produced an Account, by which it appeared, that they had raised, by Sale of Annuities, the oum of £ 4.850; and that the Sum which they had already paid, and had cohtrafted to pay, on account of building the said Church, and the Wall of one Side of the Church-yard, and other necessary and incidental Charges in carrying

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered,'That the Debate be adjourned till To-mor row Morning;

Mr. ffinningtoh reported to the House, That their Addressof Mondaylaft, That his Majesty would be gra- on the Trust, amounted to £.4,987 13*.; which

ciously pleased to order the proper Officers to lay before is £. 137 13j. 8^. more than the Sum received 5 and is

this House, an Account of all the Savings upon the Sums only 12 4 less than the 5000 which the Act

granted by Parliament for the Four Months Pay of Two gives them Power to raise.

new Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen new Regiments And Mr. Surveyor, being examined,

of Foot, under the Command of several Noblemen; laid. That the finishing and completing the said Church, together with Copies of the Certificates, which set forth building of a House for the lleftor, finishing the WalL when the said Regiments respectively, or any of them, of the Church-yard, railing the Ground, and paving Part were returned half complete; had been presented to his of the Church-yard, and levelling the fune, and other Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him Works necessary to be done, will at the lowed Compu-

to acquaint this accordingly.

House, that he will give Directions

Meyer'*

Mat.

A Message from 'the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

tation, require the further Sum of 1,143 1°d-With regard to the Difficulties that have arisen, and which the Petitioners apprehend will arile, unless some Clauses in the said Act are amended:

The said Mr. Bolton, being furtlver examined* laid. That the said Act having directed, that in all Cases where Collectors of the Rates shall not account for the

Betkr.al Green

for naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Herman Rudolph Money in their Hands, Application shall be made to the Klincke, with some Amendments: To which Amend- />* ' " /T* ' A

ments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to

Parish. whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed, amongst others, to put

Justicesat the General or Quarter-Sessions, or other Sessions, or Monthly Meeting, for the Division where the said Hamlet lies, the same might, as he apprehended, be attended with ill Cohfequencts, by reason that there is no Monthly Meeting in that Division; and the Collectors cannot so calily be obliged to deliver their Accounts, and pay over the Money by them collected; but

in Execution an Act of Parliament passed in the Sixteenth that if such Application was to be made to a certain Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George Number of Justices, it would be much more efficacious, the Second, intituled, An Act to make the Hamlet of He also said, That the Act having restrained the Truf-Bethnal-Green, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the tees from chusing others till they are reduced to the County of Middlesex, afeparate and distinct Parish; and Number of Forty, it has occasioned them often to ad-for erecting a Parish Church therein; and also of the journ for want of a sufficient Number; many of tho Churchwarden, Overseers of the Poor, and other principal Trustees residing at a great Distmce, and do not attend; Inhabitants of the said Hamlet, whole Names are also and several of the Trustees being dead since the passing the reunto subscribed; was referred, That the Committee the said Act.

had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had Then, to prove the Necessity of the Debt contrafted. directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, by the said, Parish, for the Maintenance of their Poor; to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; The Books of the Churchwardens, and Overseers of and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: the Poor of the said Hamlet, for the Years 1729, 1739,

Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz, 1741, 1742, and 1744, were produced; whereby it

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Act appeared, that in those several Years the Sums expended mentioned in the Petition was read; which directs, that jn maintaining the said Poor, exceeded the Rates col-the Trustees therein named might cause a Church and kfted in the kid Hamlet, in those Years, to the Amount, Steeple to jbe built within the said Hamlet, upon a Scite in the Whole, of £. 776 3s. 8: Which said Sums

purchased by the Commissioniers of the Fifty new were severally proved to be now due.

Churches; as also a House to be erected for the Mi-flifter; and that the Residue of the Ground so purchased should be a Burying-ground for the said Hamlet; which by the said Act is, immediately after the Consecration of

And with regard to£. 250 being the Debt contracted in the Year 1729, there was produced a Verdict obtained for that Sum in Hilary Term 1743, in a Suit commenced in the Court of Kino's Bench aijainst Mr.

'the said Church, declared forever a separate Parish from Jo. Preston, who was one of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Stepney, and for defraying the Expence the said Hamlet, in the Year 1729, and had joined in thereof, a Rate, not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound, giving Bond for the said Sum; and it was proved that

, /* H/i nfa/i <10 a! 1.1 n L I M n far 0 ViO _ /I _ ^.1* _ Til 1_A. ! A' _1 A — f.._ ! _ 1* C —

the Colts of the Plaintiff* and Defendant in this Suit amounted to £. 29 4 s.id.; which being added to the above Sum of £.776 p. 7 \d.makes the whole Debt

of the Hamlet, on account of their Poor, to amount to £. 805 7J. 10 \d.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson have Leave to make

was granted; as also certain Funeral Rates for the Maintenance of the Minister, and other Purposes: And the said Act also directs at what time, and in what manner,

Collectors of the said Rates shall be chosen, who are to account yearly, and are also to pay the Money in their Hands to the said Trustees Quarterly; and in cale any

Collector shall neglect to make such Account or Pay- a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock, ment as before required, the Justices at the Quarter Sef- And he moved the House accordingly, lions, or other Session, or Monthly Meeting, for the Di- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for vision wherein the said Hamlet doth lie, might, upon explaining and amendingan Act of Parliament made in Complaint, make Enquiry concerning the same, and com- the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, in-mit such Collector to Gaol (ifconvtfted) till he should tituled. An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal-Green, make true Account and Payment. in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of

And the said Trustees are impowered to raise £.5,000 Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erect-by granting Annuities for Lives, charged upon the Rates ing a Parish Church therein; and for raising a further Sum aforesaid; and may also, when reduced to the Number for completing and finishing the said Church; and to of Forty, nominate other Trustees to be joined with enable the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet to raise a cer-them in the Execution of the said Act, tain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already con-

TheaMr- Alexander Bolton, Clerk to the said Trqftees^ trafted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of

the

19 Geo. II. 5° — 6*

the &id Hamlet: And that Sir Hugh Smittyhn and Sir Roger Newdigate do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 6* Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

Pr a y e its.

A N ingossed Bill for naturalizing John Daniel Km. Jl\. Dreyer, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 1. L. 1. By leaving out "beseech," and inserting " beseecheth ".

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Dreyer.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

(Lords, and detire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted. Bill for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of upon the Conditions therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That-the - Bill do pals: And that the Title m be. An Act for establishing an Agreement with the Agreement. Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer Bills, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for obliging them to advance ,t,he Sum of One Million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Duties, granted to his Majesty, for the Sendee of the Year 1746.

Ordered \That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Februarii. 57

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question so amended being put j Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hume Camp* bell. Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Mr. Arundell,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. John Selwyn, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Codolphin, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Legge, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Carew, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. defton. Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Monson, Mr. Raw. Earle, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Lyder, Sir Williams,

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Boone, Mr. Nugent, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Speke, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Lord Galway, Mr. Hay, Mr . Gybbon, General General Pulteney, Colonel Choltnondeley, Mr. West, Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Brereton, Lord Corn-bur y, Marshal Wade, Colonel Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Sir Robert , Mr. Mr.

Harley, Mr. Foley, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Henry Fox, Sir Francis Mr. Thomas

Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Crawley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Woodhouse, Mr. Alderman Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Hill, Mr Penney, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Rigby, Major Selwyn, Lord Guernsey, Lord Geo. Sacville, Mr.

Lord Perceval, Mr. Popham, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Dig by, Mr. Owen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices: And -the Committee have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee Ordered, Nemine contradicente, That a Committee be Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to State of the 00 appointed to enquire into the causes of the moll infamous his Majesty, that he will be pleased to give Directions, Land Force*,

Smuggling. Practice of Smuggling; and consider of the most effectual that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Efta-

Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to repqrt blilhtnents made in the Year 1745, of his Majesty's Land

their Opinion therein to the House: Forces and Marines, with the Chaises thereunto belong-

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Sydfuham, ing; and also the last Muster-Rolls of the several Regi-Admiral Vernon, Mr. Carew, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Chan- m/tnts, Troops, and Companies, of his Majesty's Land ceilor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Forces and Marines; and the several last Returns made . Vane, Mr. Cornewall, Sir U m. Calvert, Mr. Alderman to his Majesty of the Number of effective Men in each

Heathcote, Lord Gage, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Regiment, Troop, and Company, respectively.

Hylton, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Cooke, Sir Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his

Miles Stapylton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hunter', Sir Roger Majesty, by such. Members of this House as are of his Twifden, Mr. Montague, Mr. Hayward, Lord Dupplin, Majesty's twoft Honourable Privy-Council.

Mr. Hay, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Buncombe, Lord Advocate

of Scotland, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Southwell, Mr . BreMr. lloblyn, Mr. Hales, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. West, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Legge,

M r. Grenville, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir James Grant, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Torke, Major Selwyn, Sir Francis Dash-

wood, Sir John Philipps, Lord Perceval, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hungerford, Mr. Powney, Mr, Rowney, Mr» Wil- kinson, Sir Charles Kern. Tyntc and all the Members who serve for the Coast Counties: And they, are to meet this 'Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham-. ber: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices: And the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fcate of the A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-food Forces, posed, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the State of his Majesty's Land Forces.and Marines} and to report ^he same to the House;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by inserting, after the Word " Marines," these Words " lo far as relates to the Distribution of " the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To " the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of M mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines".

V01.. 25.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Distemper adjourned Debate upon the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for preventing the spreading of the

Distemper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was committed;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day, for the Call of the Call of th* House, being read} House

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

The . House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr } 79<

Tellers for rheN.q^vI^;

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Call of the House be further adjoutnedtill this Day Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Q Tellers

Aliens

Name.

Distemper

among

Cattle.

Tapers re-/pcftirv; certain Regi-zseats.

Srate of the Land Forces, &c.

58 <5* — 7* — 16° Februarii. A. 1745.

} 77-

Tellers for the Ndes,^dp^M/' j >°7-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

Then Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, the Paper containing the said Copies of Certificates.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 7* di Februarii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take ' and use the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Clause, which, upon Wednesday lash, was offered to be added to the Bill for preventing the Spreading of the Di (temper which now rages among the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

And the said Debate being continued for some time;

A Motion being made, and the Questien being put. That the Debate be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } 57-

Tellers for the Noes, . 44-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr Fazakerley have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations,. more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And that Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Sydenham, and Mr. Carew, do prepare, and bring in, the lame. 1

Mr. Secretary at War acquainted the House, That he was commanded by his Majesty to present to the House, pursuant to their Address, Copies of the Certificates which set forth when the Two new Regiments of Horse, and 13 new Regiments of Foot, under the Command of several Noblemen, were returned half compleat, as transmitted to the Secretary at War.

Mr. Secretary at War also reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that his Majesty would bs plealed to give Directions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of the Establishments made in the Year 1745, of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, with the Charges thereunto belonging; and also the last Muster-Rolls of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of his Majesty's Land Forces and times; an 1 ihe several last Returns made to his Majesty of the Number of effective Men in each Regiment, Troop, and Company, respectively) had been pre-leuted to Ins Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

16

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields within the Parish of Inkptn, in the County of Berks, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. , Mr. Rowney, Mr. Befi, Mr. Bury, Sir Thomas , Mr.

Daivkins, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. , Sir John , Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Rigby, General , Mr.

Mr. Chester, Mr. Winford, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Philipps, Sir James Grant, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Mr. Saville, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Popham, Sir Watk. Wms. Wynne, Mr. War bur ten, Mr. Affleck-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks, Oxford, Wilts, Hants, and Wanvick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunec, io* die Februarii;

Anno 19° Georgii IIdl Regis, 1745. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. CMr. Lyjler, Mr. I lay, Mr. Lewis, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Boc k laud, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. French, Mr. Copplefton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. WHfon, Mr. Packer, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, and Provision for his Daughters and younger Sons, is committed.

A Bill for giving further Time to the Commissioners therein named to execute the Powers and Authorities remaining unexecuted of a former Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act forextinguilhinga Right of Common claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York -,

and for settling and providing an Equivalent lor the said Common Right, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cust, Mr. Duncumbe, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Lord Perceval, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Southwell, Sir F a. Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir John Cnfe, Mr. Aether, Sir James Grant, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. llayioard, Mr. Filer, Sir. John Gordon, Mr. Charlton, General Mr.

Hedworth, Mr. Neale, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. lunch, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Packer, Mr. Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Warburton, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Wilfou, Mr. Fe/lowes, Sir John;

and all the Members who'serve for the Counties of Durham, and Northumberland: And they aic to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in t ie Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered,

Tnkpcn

Jnciofur*.

Vincent*»

Marrijge

Jointure.

Ripon,

ic.

Ir.tlcfiire.

ip Geo. IL

iO° — ii®

59

Ordered, That Lord Perceval, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Potency, Mr. Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Mr. Grfhry, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. Mr. Torkt,

Mr. Wiitford, Mr. Brer cl un, Mr. Mr. IVhichcote,

Mr. Cartwiight, Mr. White, Mr. Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Fonereau, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Hales, Mr. Owen, Mr. Mellish, Sir John Tyrzvhit, Sir Robert Lang, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Kent, be added to the Committee appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring.

Froome Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Bridge, Stc. the Petition of Lora Pitt, Widow, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribid, as well for themselves, as on the Behalf of divers other Persons, who are Tenants of the Manor of Forthington, in the County of Dorset, and Inhabitants of the Town of Dorchester, in the same County respectively, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow; viz.

That by the Evidence of several Persons, it appeared to your Committee, that there is a Common or open Ground called Forthington Moor, or Forthington Meadow, near the Town of Dorchester, in the County of Dorset, lying within, and being Parcel of, the Manor of Forthington, in the said County; which Manor belongs to his Koval Highness Frederick Prince of Wales, as Part of the Possessions of the Duchy of Cornwall i and many of the Petitioners, who are Tenants of the said Manor, are - inttried to Right of Common for their Cattle, in and upon the said Moor or Meadow; and several of them to the Math, or Crop of Grass, growing upon the same respectively.

And it also appeared, that the common Highway or publick Road from Bland ford to the Town of Dorchester lieth over Part of the said Common or Moor, and through a Ford, at the Sluice or Tail of a Mill cre&ed on the River Froome-, which is a dangerous Passage for Horses and Carriages, and in Times of Floods and High Waters utterly unpalfable.

And by the same Evidence it further appeared to the Committee, that Mrs. Lora Pitt hath proposed to open and make a new Way or Road, to branch out of the said common Highway or publick Road between Stocking bridge and Londonbridge in the said Road, to be carried over Forthington Moor aforesaid, and through Part of a Garden called Glover's Close, or Segar's Orchard, into the Town of Dorchester-, and to make a Causeway, and erect a Bridge or Bridges upon the fame, so as to render the new Way or Road commodious at all Times; and to maintain arid repair such Road for Three Years, at her owp Expence, in order that the same may hereafter be made the common Highway or publick Road.

And it likewise appeared, that although the making such new Way or Road will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of Dorchester, and of publick Utility; yet, from the Nature of the several Interests and Property of the Persons in such Lands through which the said new Road is intended to be made, the same cannot be rendered effectual without the Authority of Parliament.

And a Motion being made, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower Lora Pitt, Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River Froome; and to make a Hoad or Causeway to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over 1 unds in the Manor of Forthington, in the County of Por/et, belonging to his Royal Highness the Pr ince of U ales, a> Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall}

Sir Thomas Bootle, Chancellor to his Royal Highness the

Ptince of Wales, by Command of his Royal Highness, acquainted the House, That His Royal Highness had been informed of the Design to make a Road over Lands Vol. *5.

in the said Manor belonging to his Royal Highhefs, as Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall-, and that his Royal Highness has no Objection to the House doing what they shall think fit to do therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower Lora Pitt, Widow, toereft a Bridge or Budges over the River Froome; and to make a Road or Causeway to the East End of the Town of Dorch.fl r, over Lands in the Manor of Forthington, in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall: And that Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gttndry, and Mr. John Browne, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fazakerley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more efle&ually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, Thar the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfell into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Carew accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendmentswhich the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, it* at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wens once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mbm-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of <the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, ii° di Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1745. Prayers.

A/f A J OR-G ENE R A L Onslow repot ted from t h e Coita-1VA mitree, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aftforimpowering Francis Vincent, Esquire, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, and Provi-fton for his Daughters and younger Sons, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations

Diflempef

among

Cattle.

Supply.

Ways and Means,

Vi'*Cent*s

Marriage J ointuiA.

II. Februafii.

A. 1745.

of the Bill, and found the feme to be true: and that the Parties concerned bad given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read tire Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment Was read; and is as follows; viz.

After " fame," and before " and" insert,

" Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted and De-

dared, That in case there shall be any Issue Male of " the Body of the said Francis Vincent on the Body of * the first Wife that he shall hereafter marry, living at " thfe Time of her Death, it shall not be lawful for him " the (hid FraHcis Vinceiit to grant or limit any Part df " the Prefrtifes corrtp riled in the said recited Settlement, " Or arty Rent-charge to be iflaing Out of the feme, or " any 'Part thereof, ‘unto dr for tile 'Benefit of any other " Woman that he may happen to Warty after the Death " of such fir'll Wife, so lorig as there shall be any Issue " Male of the Body of such first Wife ih being; 'any " thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstandring."

And the said Amendment being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Gatrilons, and Land Forces, in Great Stste of the

tain, and Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1746, be re- L*ndF°r«'# ferred to the Committee who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of tnuftering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Horse, and Thirteen Regiments of Foot, raised under the'Command of several Noblemen, and of Twenty independent Companies of Foot, raised for the Highlands, for 365 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copies of the Certificates which left forth when the Two new Regiments of Horle, and Thirteen 'new Regiments of Foot, under the Command of several Noblemen, were returned haf compleat, as transmitted to the Secretary at War, be referred to the said Committee.

Regulating Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Or* *Tradetef* aHill for the better Regulating of Pawnbrokers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be'read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Severn The Ffoufewasmoved, That the laftSeftion of an River. Act made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the'Rivtr Severn, might be read}

And the feme being read accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend, and make more effectual, a Clause in an Act made 'in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry 'the Figtith, intituled, An Act for tile Preservation of the River Severn, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast or Rubbish into any Haven, Road, Channel, or River, flowing or running into any Port-Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this Realfh: And that Mr. ‘Mr. Carew, 'Mr.

Winford, and Sir John Philipps, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

DHttaiper An ingrossed Bill, to enable his Majesty to make amongst Rules, Orders, and Regulations, ttiofe effectually to pre-Cattle. vent the Spreading of the; Distempfcr which now ttfges amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Refotvid, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,v An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Ordets, find Regulations, mole effectually so prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which how rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vincent's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage for impowerirtg Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Join-Jainture. ture on any future Marriage, and Provision for his Daughters and younger Sons, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do

pass.

Ordered, That Major-General Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Trials of Persons as have levied, or shall levy. War against his Majesty, was read a Second time. P-Mlim

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘thurfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to AAsVf Com-refohre itself into a Committee of the whole House, '^koodoo upon the Bill for repealing so much of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulaiit

Elections within the City of London, and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, as relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council, be no w read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments (hereunto; which they had directed Uhn to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Brerelon, Mr. Neale, Lord Wm. Market Har-Manners, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Hylton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. borough, a* c-Cope, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Rush, ^u4d* Mr. Shirley, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Packer, Mr. Houbion,

Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Norris Bertie, Mr. Winford, Mr. Affleck, Mr. MeMJh, Mr. Cotton, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act piaffed in the izth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester; and for making the _ feid Act more effectual} is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t

Statt of the Land torce*. Jtc.

rp Geo. II.

ii'

Februarii.

6t

dated 15th Day of 1691, be referred to the said

Committee.

That the Paper, intituled, Estimate of her Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great , Jersey, , the Plantations, and for Sea

Service, with the Charge thereof, for the Year 1712, S}R DERED, That the Paper, intituled, Regulation re- (which Paper was presented to the House upon the 17 th

lating to the Payment of the Forces signed by his Day of January 1711) be referred to the said Com-

Mercurit, 12° die Februarii; Anno 190 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1745. Praters.

Majesty the 17th Day of June 1695, and counter-signed mittee by the Lords of the Treal'ury — Copy — (which Paper was presented to a Committee of this House upon the 5th Day of February 1699) be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider of the State of his Ma-

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, Estimate of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, and the Plantations, Anna 1715, (which Paper was presented to the House upon the 5 th Day of April

jesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the 1715) be referred to the said Committee.

Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the , That the Paper, intituled, Estimate of the

Fay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Me- Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's thods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1716, (which and Marines. Paper was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, The Numbers and January 17*5) be referred to the said Committee. Charge of the Forces upon the present Establishment

in England, compared with the Numbers and Charge of the said Troops, during the late War, with the like for the 12 Battalions in ,20 January

17o|, (which Paper was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of January 1701) be referred to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Mount ague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bank for establishing an Agreement with the Governor and AgreemdA Company of the Bank of England, for cancelling cer-Ordei ed, That the Paper, intituled. The Pay of a Re- tain Exchequer Bills upon the Terms therein mentioned; giment of Horle, confiding ot Nine Troops of 59 Men and for obliging them to advance the Sum of One Mil-in each Troop; as also of a Regiment of Six Troops of lion upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt Du-59 Men in each Troop; (which Paper was presented to ties, granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year the House upon the 14th Day of January 1701) be re- 1746, without any Amendment: And also, ferred to the said Committee. _ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch Court

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, A Regiment of for adjourning the Court of Session in; and for of Session

Horse of Nine Troops of 59 Men in each Troop, on remedying the Inconveniencies arising from the Surceafe Indemnity.

Dutch Pay; as also a Regiment of Six Troops of 59 Men of Justice in that Part of the Kingdom, without any in each, upon Dutch Pay; (which Paper was presented Amendment: And also,

to the House upon the 14th Day of January 1701) be The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Knatchbull'* referred to the said Committee. to enable Sir Baronet, and his Heirs Name*

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled. The Charge of a Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of fVynd-Regiment of Dragoons of Eight Troops of 60 private ham, pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord ,in

Men in each, upon Dutch Pay; as also of a Regiment of the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, without any Amend-Dragoonsof SixTroopsof 60private Men in each; (which ment: And also,

Paper was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of January 1701) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, The Pay of a Regiment ot Dragoons, confiding of Eight. Troops of 60 pri-

vate Soldiers in each Troop; as also a Regiment of Six younger Sons: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, and Provision for his Daughters and

Troops of 60 private S loiers in each Troop; (which Paper was presented to ti.e House upon the 14th Day of January 17c;) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, A Regiment of Foot of 13 Companies of 60 private Men in each Company, upon Dutch Pay; as also a Regiment of 12 Companies of 59 private Men in each.Company, upon Dutch Pay; (which Paper was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of January 1701) be referred to the said Committee.

The Lords have puffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount Grim-fton to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Esquire, de-

ceaied: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Vyner presented to the House, according to Or-

Vincent'*

Marriage

Jointure.

Lord

Grimston'*

Estatet.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled. The Pay of a Re- der, a Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that giment of Foot, confiding of 13 Companies of 60 Men Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was in each Company; as also a Regiment of 59 Men in received; and reaJ the First time.

Regulating the Militia.

each, of 12 Companies; (which Paper was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of "January 1701) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the Forces in Spain, for the Year 1707, (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of January 1706) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment of the additional Forces for Spain, (which was presented to the House upon the 8th Day ot January 1706) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Eftulfofoment for additional Pay to the Officers of die Kirlt Refoment ot Foot-Guards, dated 10th Day of January be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Establishment fir additional Pay to the Officers of the Coldstream Regiment of Guards. Vol. a*.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time,

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Meyer*, Sec. Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Nat.

An Act for Naturalizing Hermann Meyer and Herman Rudolph Klincke.

And the said Amendments were read; and arq, as follows; viz.

Prese 1. Line 6. Leave out " and.'*

L. 9. after " Westphalyinfert " and Peter " Torres, Son of Paul Torres, by Elizabeth his Wife,

" born at Turin.'*

L. at. Leave out " andand after " Klincke" insert " and Peter Terras."

L. 34. Leave out Mand;H and after M Klincke* insert wand Peter Torres"

R Prese

12° Februarii. 1745.

r Press 2,.L. 0.1.Leave out " and."

L. 23. after " Kline ke," insert " an

" For ras I'

L. 32. Leave out "and."

L. 33. Alter " insert " and Peter

" Torres."

In the Title of the Bill,

L. 3. Leave out "and}" and at the End of the Title add, " and Peter Torras."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships,

X^ord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Grimiion'i for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount Estates. Grimston to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Grimfon Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

AfbofCem. Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported mon Council from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of London, gin for repealing so much of an Act passed in the nth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of , and for preserving

the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said City, as relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout j and then a Second time, one by one; and,

' upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed

to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Committee Ordered, That the Account of the Wool and Woollen

on Yarn imported from Ireland into England, f rom Christmas Smuggling, j 740, to Christmas 1743,distinguishing each Year, (which Account wasprefenred to the House upon the 7th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the Causes of the moll infamous Practice of Smuggling; and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Account of unmanufactured Yarn and Wool, seized by Officers of the Customs in Scotland, for Seven Years, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn, that hath for Seven Years last past been seized by any of his Majesty's Officers of Excile, specifying the Time when, and the Place where, each particular Quantity hath been so seized, (which Account was jjrefented to the House upon the 19th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of all unmanufactured Wool and Yarn, that hath been seized by the Officers of the Customs in England, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1744, specifying the Time when, and Place where, each particular Quantity hath been so seized, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Sheeps Wool, entered in the Districts of the Wool Registers of

the County of Sussex-, and of the Quantity permitted to be carried out of those Districts; and what remains Stock in Hand, from Michaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas 1744, distinguishing how much a Year in every respective Year; (which Account was presented to the House upon the rih Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Sheeps Wool, entered in the Districts of the Wool Registers of the County of Kent-, and of the Quantity permitted to be carried out of the Districts; and what remains Stock in Hand, from Michaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas 1744, distinguishing how much in every respective Year in the said Time; (which Account was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Wool, Woolsels, Mortlin^s, Shortlings, combed Wool, Woollen or Bay Y'arn, Worlled-Yarn, Cruels, or Wool (lightly manufactured, which, since the 24th of December 1739, have been entered and shipped, or laden, in order to be carried in any Ship, Vessel, Bottom, or Boat, Coast-wife, or from One Part of Scotland to any Part of Great Britain, distinguishing tire Quantities and Qualities thereof, the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and the Port or Place where shipped, and to what Port ci Place the same were to be landed or imported, and to whom consigned, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all unmanufactured Wool and Y'arn, that hath for Seven Years last past been put on board any Ship or Vessel, to be carried Co lt-wife from One Port to another, within that P. rt of Britain called Scotland, and relanded again, distinguishing each Year, and the several Ports Irom which f ch Wool was put on Board, and where relanded, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of what Bonds, since the 24th Day of December 1739, have, and where, been entered into, and by whom, to his Majesty, and in what Penalties, by way of Security that the particular Species of Wool therein mentioned to be entered and shipped, should be landed according to the respective Conditions of such Bonds, distinguishing such Bonds as have been discharged by Certificate of the Customer or Collector, or Comptroller of the Port or Place in Great Britain or Ireland, where the Species of Wool therein mentioned were delivered or landed; and such of the said Bonds as have been put in Suit, and the Proceedings that have been had thereon; and what of the said Bonds now remain undischarged; (which Account was presented to the House upon the 2d Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bonds taken in the Ports of Dublin, Cork, Waterford, Drogheda, Refs, and Youghall, in Ireland, for the Lading of Wool, C5V. there, and exporting the same to the Ports of Bideford, Barn-Jlaple, Milford, Minehead, Bristol, and

from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1 743, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Wool, Woolsels, Mortlings, Shortlings, combed Wool, Woollen or Bay-Yarn, Worsted-Yarn, Cruels, Wools {lightly manu-fastured, carried Coastwise, from 'Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1743, (which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*9

Geo. II.

130 Februarii.

*3

Distemper

tmongst

Caule.

Drey ct's Nat.

*Jovis, 13® die Februarii; Anno 19° Georgii li*11 Regis, 1745. Prayers.

AM ESSAG E from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs

and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more eft'eftually to prevent the Spreading of the Distrmper which now rages amongst the homed Cattle in this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John DanielDreyer, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

for Navy Service*.

Committee Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Juice

of Liquorice exported and imported, from 1733, to Christmas 1743, distinguishing each Year, (which

Account was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of February, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred

Smuggling.

Mr. Dodinglon, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to Accmntof the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Money issued Money has been ordered by the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, and re* ceived by the Treasurer of the Navy, from the 31st December 1744, to the 31st December 1745; distinguishing the Times when the same was received, and the Services to which it was applied.

And the Title of the said Account was read.,

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be ptrufed by the Members of the House.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton % Royal Aden Gentlemari-Usherof the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned i

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty was plcaled to give the Royal Assent to the several pub-

to the Committee who are appointed to enquire into the lick and private Bills following;

Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling; and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, London and Western Ports — An Account of Persons convicted of the unlawful Importing, or clandestine Landing, or Running of prohibited or uncustomed Goods, who

An Act for efiablishing an Agreement with the Governor anti Company of the Bank of England, for cancelling certain Exchequer- Bills, upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for obliging them to advance the Sum of One million upon the Credit of the Land Tax and Malt-Duties, granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year »746:

An Act for adjourning the Court of Session in

have had their Fines remitted or compounded for, since land; and for remedying the Inconveniencies anting from

/*«/? rw f — A t r\nr/» f U iii 11 U their nnrl C C T /X! iL A Tf — J

Christmas 1740, together with their Names and Places of Abode, and the Sums remitted or compounded for, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, An Account of such Persons as have been prosecuted for Offences against: an Act, passed in the 9th Year of his present Majesty, in what Sums they have been convicted, what Judgments have been passed against them 5 d.stinguish-

the Surceafe of Justice in that Part of the Kingdom:

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom:

An Act for impowering Francis Vincent Esquire, to make a Jointure on any future Marriage, and Provisioa for his Daughters and younger Sons:

An Act to enable Sir Wyndham Knatchbull Baronet, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms

'£> whom

ingluch who have made any Defence, from such against of pursuant to the Desire of Thomas Lord

Wyndham, in the Kingdom of deceased:

An Act to enable Richard Leman Esquire, formerly called Richard Alie, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Leman, pursuant to the Will of Sir William Leman Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Hermann Meyer, Herman Rudolph Klincke, and Peter Ton as junior:

An Act for naturalizing John Daniel Dreyer.

Estabishment of the Land Force*, &c.

Judgments have passed by Default, and tn what. Gaols the said Convicts now remain; together with an Account of such Persons as have been transported as Felons, by virtue of the said Act, from the Commencement thereof, to Lady-day last; (which Account was presented to the House upon the First Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bonds taken in the Ports of Bidefr d, Barnstaple, Milford, Minehead, Bristol, An ingrossed Bill for repealing lb much of an Act, A As of Com-

Liverpool and Chester, on the Granting of Licences for passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty mo Council the Lading of Wool, isle. in Ireland, and importing the King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating °* London, same to the aforesaid Ports, from Christmas 1739, to Elections within the City of and for preserving

Christmas 1743, (which Account was presented to the the Peace, good Order, and Government of the said House upon the 5th Day of April, in the last Session of City, as relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders,

Parliament) be referred to the said Committee. or Ordinances, in Common Council, was read the Third

Ordered, That the Account of Wool-bonds, from the time.

24th of December 1739, to the 24th of December 1743, RefoThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace,

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his good Order, and Government, of the said City, as relates Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- to the Making or Palfing of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, rest ions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of in Common Council.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

(which Account was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament) be referred to the said Committee.

the Establishments of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, and Marines, for the Years 1712, 1713, 1714, 1715, 1716, and 1717.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council.

Vol. 2;.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Trial of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tons con-upon the Bill tot the more cafy and speedy Trial of

such Ke olw

Greenwich

Hospital.

4 13* — 14

fych Porfons u have levied, or shall levy, War against hU Majesty;

The House was moved. That the Sixth Section of an Act* made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Arne, intituled, An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, might he read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain so much of the said Act as relates to the Qualification of Jurors, in Trials for High Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Then the House refblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Dr. Lee took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Dr. Lee reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend* wants thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed. That Mr. Horne, from the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital of what Money has been received from the Detvtentwafer Estate, between First December 1744, and 30th November 1745: and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as follows; viz.

13 th February 1745.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of $ames late Earl of Derzventwater and Charles Radcliffe; tequiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial Manner, on the ealieft and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital,

do humbly report as followeth;

There has been received, between the ift £. t.

December 1744, and 30th November 1745, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate - 4»3^5 ®

As to their Proceedings, in carrying on the Building:

In Queen Mary's Court,

The Work of Four Closets, in the South-West Conner Room, on the Ground-floor of the South Building; fitting up Two Apartments on the South Side of the Middle Passage in the East Building, on the Ground-Floor, with Cellars under them, and Two new Stone Stair-cases into the said Cellars; Iron-work for Twelve large Windows in the Cupola of the Chapel Building, including making Scaffolds, and cutting Holes for the 20

' Februariu 1745.

feme; Fourteen Windows of Sadies and Frames, in the Ground-floor of the East Building, including Glass and Weights, and painting all the Sadies and Frames in the Ground-floor in the South and East Buildings; are done, and brought to Account j and amount to the Sum of £. s.

Four hundred Thirty-four Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence - 434 5 to

The ordinary Works done this Year, amount to Nine hundred and Four Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence - - - 904 to 4

1,338 16 2

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on account of Repairs, between 1st December 1744 and the 30 th November 1745 - - 129 11 —

And by the Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest due to themon the Sumofjf .15,900 at £.4 per Cent, per Annum; which

was advanced by them, to pay off*

Incumbrances on the Derwent water Estate, for the like Sum; Part of which was at^.5 and the other at £6. per Cent, per Annum - - 1,036 — —

By Order of the Commissioners,

Rd. Horne.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according Bethnal to Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act of Green Parish Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal-Green in the Parish of St.

in the County of MUdlesex, a separate and distinct Pari (h; and for erecting a rarish-Church therein; and for raising a further Sum for compleating and finishing the said Church; and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet to raise a certain Sum of Money, for Payment of Debts already contrafted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet: And the feme was received.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Venerisy 140 die Fe;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Praters.

SIR Thomas Cave reported from the Committee, to Mark* whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers borough, Ac. granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign Road. of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to , in

the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone

through

Distillation from Corn.

Trial of ¥erions concerned in Uie Kcbcllion.

Committee

on

Smuggling.

N*vy

£tbt.

19 G EOi ll. f 4° — 170 Febru 6$

v,

through the Bill, and made Iseveral Amendments there- Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Account of unto; which they had directed him to report to the House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed Seamen House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of De- employed, wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ill at cember 1744, to the 31st: of 1.745, upon a Me-

the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once dium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; borne, and what muttered, in the Service.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Account of with an Amendment to One of them, agreed toby the of the Ch fdi- TraDsport Serv;cc, for the Year Transport House. 174.C Service.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ....

ingrossed. Ord, That the Commissioners for victualling his Account of

Majesty's Navy do lay before this House, an Account of Ordered, That the Order made upon Tuesday the 18th the Expence of that Office, in victualling his Majesty's Day of January latt, for the House to resolve itself, upon Land Forces, between the First Day of January 1744,-Tuesday next, into a Committee of the whole House, to and Hay of December 1745. consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers in

the County of Surrey, whose Namesare thereunto subscrib- The other Orders Of the Daf being read; ,

ed, in Behalf of themselves, and many others concerned Refohed, That this House will, upon Wednesdety Morn- »<?PPy*

in the Growth of Corn; to which Committee it was also ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole referred to consider of the Petition of l'everal Grafiers and House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Farmers in the County of Bucks, whose Names are there- Majesty.

unto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves; and many others . '

concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Breeding and Ref, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- iPff

Fatting of Cattle; be now read. ing next, relive itself into a Committee of the whole Means.

And the said Order being read accordingly; . House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-

Ordered, That the said Order be difehurged. 'ng the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole And then the House adjourned till Monday

House, to consider of the said Petitions. Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do make the Report, ordered to be made this Day, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more easy andipeedy Trial of such Personsas have levied, or (Hall levy. War against his Majesty, was committed.

Mr. Attorney-General accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered \That an Account of what Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in the kingdom of Ireland, by virtue of an Act of the 6th' Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 6th Day of April 1736) be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inquire info the Causes of the most infamous Praft ce of Smuggling; and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That an Account of what Seizures have been made, or Forfeitures incurred, in any of the Briiijk Plantations in America, by virtue of an Act of the 6th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, (which Account was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of 173,5)

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered \That the Account of the Quantities of Tea seized in London, and the Out-ports, from,

1728, to Chr if. mas 1735, and at what Prices the same have been 1".!d," (which Account was presented to the House upon the 24th Day of March 1735) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Slate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it stood at Christmas lath, be laid before this

: House.

Vol. 25.

Lunce, 17* die Febru 5

Anno 19® Georgii IF* Regis, 1745.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Vise Grimston's count Grimston to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Grimston Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Gore, General Onslow, Mr. Mtllish, Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pyits, Mr. South-well, Sir John Cust, Mr. C-ornewall, Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Wodehouse,. Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pratt,

Mr. Fellows, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Sir James Grant, Admiral Vernon, Sir Calvert, Mr.

Carew, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Torke,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hitt, Sir Francis -wood, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Pleydell, Mr. Houblon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Lambe, Mr. OJbaldefton, Lord Dee, Mr. Proby ‘f and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed, That Mr. Deputy- Kfabfifttoeijt Secretary at War, attended at the Door; of the Load

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Jones*' House, purfoant to their Address to his Majesty,

Copies of the feverat.last Returns made to hi's Majesty of the Number of effective Men in each Regiment,

Troop, and Company, respecti'vely, of his Majesty'x Land Forces and Marines: And also,

Copy of the Establishment of his Majesty's Guards,

Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the

Year 1745: And also.

Copy of the Establishment of his Majesty's Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1745: And also,

Copy of the Establishment of his Majesty's Forces in the Island of Minorca, arid Garrison of Gibralfor the Year 174$: And also,

Copy of the Establishment of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, for the Year 1745: And also.

Copy of the Establishment of his Majesty's Marine Forces, for the Year 1745: Arid also,

S Copy

17* Februarii. A. 1745.

Copy of the Establishment of Two Troops of Rangers, Highland Company, Boatmen, Half-Gallies or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, for the Year 1745.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted' by Parliament for the Pay — to the Number of effective Men, and the

Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

Mr. John Arfcott, Comroilfary-General of his Majel- Marine ty's Marine Regiments, presented to the House, puil'u- Raiment*, ant to their Address to his Majesty, the last Mutter-Rolls of his Majesty's Marine Regiments, being the latt Mutters taken at their respective Head-Quarters, which have been transmitted to his Office.

Together with a List of the said Muster-llolls.

And the said lift was read; and is as followeth; i Jz.

Regiments, by whom commanded. No. of Rolls. Commenting. Ending

Lieutenant-General Cornwall m IO 25 October 1745 24 December 1745

Late M. General s - - m IO 25 June 1745 24 Urguft 1745

Brigadier-General Jeffrey'* - m m IO Ditto Ditto

Powlett - - m IO 25 October 1745 24 December 174?

Byng - - . - IO D° D3

Colonel Cottrel m m IO Do D>

Cochran - IO D° Do

Duncomb - . m IO Do Do

Frazer m - IO *5*745 24 August 1745

Late Keightley m 10 Do Do

Ordered, That the said Mutter-Rolls be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

The said Mutter-Rolls are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Market An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Harborough. granted by an Act, passed in the rath Year of the Reign fcc. Road, of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester: apd for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted By an Act, passed in the rath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to , in the County of Leieeftefidnd for. making the said Act more effectual.. '

Ordered That Mi"., George Wright do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petition respecting a Scheme for

SMSWtjPt.

Smuggling.

A Petition of Robert Bonell was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That fevftal Laws have been made to prevent the Running of prohibited and uncustomed Goods, and Wool and Woollen Yarn, from Great Britain and Ireland, to Parts beyond the Seas: That yet the same is still notoriously continued, to the great Diminution of the public Revenue, and the manifest Prejudice of the Trade of these Kingdoms: And that the Laws now in being have not been found sufficient to remedy these great and growing Evils: That the Petitioner has, with great Labour and Cost, prepared a Scheme, which, if carried into Execution, he apprehends, will effectually prevent all manner of Smuggling, Frauds, and Abuses in the Customs, and the pernicious Practice of running Wool and Woollen Yarn, fr#m Great Britain and Ireland, to Parts beyond the Seas, by proper and cafy Checks and Restraints, suitable to the Laws and Constitution of these Realms: And praying, That the Petitioner may have an Opportunity of submitting the same to the Judgment of the House; and that he may be heard thereon, byhiir.self, or Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the *4

Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling; and considerof the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of the Land-Owners, Farmers, and Growers Manu&fiura of Hemp and Flax in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for further encouraging and regulating the Manufactures of Sail-cloth, and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into his Majesty's Kingdoms; it was enacted. That, after the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1736, all foreign-made Sail-cloth or Canvass, ufuilly entered as Hollands Duck, or Yittery Canvas, which shall be for Making of Sails for navigating Ships and Vessels, which shall be imported to Great Britain by way of Merchandize, and for which Duties have been granted, shall be stamped at the Time of the Landing thereof, when such Duty is paid; and that every Ship built in Britain, or in the British Plantations in America, not having a' complete Set of Sails of British Sail-cloth, are, upon Conviction, to forfeit Fifty Pounds fur the fame: That as there is no Duty mentioned or fixed in the said Act, upon Sails made up in foreign Parts of foreign Sail-cloth, the Generality of Matters of Snips purchase abroad, and bring with them into these Kingdoms, full Sets of Sails, as the Petitioners are well in-, formed; whereby they are furnished not only with a Supply for their ownUfe, but frequently furnish their Neighbours and Friends: That thcle they bend to their Yards, when they arrive at the Ports they arc respectively bound for in these Kingdoms; and thereby elude the Design of the aforesaid Act, and have their Sails made up of foreign Sail-cloth, without paying any Duty at all: That the Duty payable upon the Importation of foreign Sail-cloth has been eluded, by importing them under the Name cf Broad Russia Linens: And alleging. That the Petitioners are capable to make it appear, from the Bills of

Lading, Frauds of this Kind have amounted to Five hundred Pounds, in a single Ship: That several Sloops of Forty or Fifty Tons, built upon the River have been entirely fitted out with foreign Sail-cloth; and have navigated to Hull, without any Exceptions taken at thetn

by the Officers of the Customs; and the Owners of such Sloops plead they are not within the Cognizance of the

19 Geo. ii. f 70 Februarii.

Act j which the Petitioners apprehend to be attended with many Inconveniencies: such as diminishing his Majesty's Revenue, prejudicing the Merchants, Importers of Flax, Hemp, and foreign Sail-cloth: That it likewise affects the Landed Interest, by discouraging all further Essays towards Improvement of Hutbanary, as far as respects the cultivating Hemp and Flax, of which none better than our own Growth, and few Countries afford lo good, obstructs the Progress of Sail-cloth Manufactories in these Kingdoms, and in consequence multiplies the Poor, who want Work, and Bread: And that several, who trade in thel'c Commodities, have large dead Stocks of Sail-cloth now lying upon their Hands, which, taking an Estimate from the Sale, and present Demands of their Markets, will be sufficient to supply the Course of Commerce, for several Years to come; and that thereby the worthy and valuable Ends proposed in the aforesaid Act, arc rendered of no Effect: And therefore praying for such Relief, as shall to the House appear most suitable and fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sailcloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp-growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places adjacent, is referred: And that the Committee do examine, and (late to the House, the Matter of- Fast contained in this Petition.

Brigadier-General Mordaunt' % . Brigadier-General Cholmondeley's Brigadier-General Houghton's Brigadier-General Dougfafs's Lord Henry Beauclerk's Lord John Murray's Colonel Sowle's Colonel Lee's Colonel Richbell's

Colonel Battereau's Lieutenant-General Lieutenant-General Read's Major-General Colonel Graham's Colonel Offarel's

)T© 24 Dicemb 1745

NEW REGIMENTS.

Duke of Bolton's Duke of Ancaster' % Earl of Berkeley's Earl of Halifax's Earl of Cholmondley' % Lord Harcour Lord Gower's Lord Herbert's

'To 24 December 174^/

J

'Return* of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give tooV*' Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Mullers or Lifts, and Returns of the effect ive Men of the Dutch Ttoops, when they landed in Great Britain; and likewise of the Returns sent by Marshal Wade, when he took the Command of those Troops; and also of the Establishment of the said Troops, for their Service in Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

State of the Mr. Boone, Commissary-General of the Musters, pre-Vnd Fofee*. fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Muster-Rolls of the several Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of his Majesty's Land Forces; together with a List of the said Muster-Rolls.

And the said Lift was read; and is as followed?; viz.

HORSE.

Royal Regiment of Horse Guards}

Sir Philip Honeywooood's 5To 24 December 1745

Sir John Ligonier's 3

DRAGOONS.

Field-Marshal Earl of Stair's Field-Marshal Lord Cobhqm' % Sir Robert Rich's Earl of Rothes's Lord Mark Kerr's Sir John Cope's

>To *4 December 1745

FOOT.

Lieutenant-General Lieutenant-General Harrison's Major-General Major-General Campbell's Major-General Skelton's Major-General Blakeuey's Major-General s

Major-General Pulteney's Major-General Howard's Major-General Frampton's Major-General Bragg's Brigadier-General Bligh's Vo t.25,

)To xitDtcemfer 1745

Ordered, That the said Muster-Rolls be referred to the'

Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates' to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the'

Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

The said Muster-Rolls are bound up with the other;

Papers of this Session.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act of Parlia- feethnal ment, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his Green Pari lhj present Majesty, intituled, An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal-Green, in the Parish of Stepney,

in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish;

and for erecting a Parish-Church therein; and for raising a further Sum for completing and finishing the said Church j and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet to raise a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already contracted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be! committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Roger Mr.

Gore, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Ellis, Lord Coke, Sir John Crosse, Lord Bateman, Mr. Winnington,

Mr. Hay, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Thomas Lyster, Sit Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Fellowes,

Admiral Vernon, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Archer, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Packer, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Carew, Mr. Affleck, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. , Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Winford, Lord Mr. War bur-

ton, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Bathurst, Major Setwyn; and all the Members who serve for the County of,

London, and the Counties of Essex and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Army 1 punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Pay- Mutiny and ment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. ert on* Winnington and Mr. Boone do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Trial of 'trial of such Persons as have levied, or shall levy. War against his Persons con- Majesty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be* *D‘

An Act for the gaore easy and speedy Trial of such Persons

t>ifHllatfon from Cortt*

Severn

River.

68 I70 — ri8 6 Februa . 1745.

fons as have levied, or shall levy," War against his Majesty; and for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors, in Trials for High Treason, or Misprision of Trea-lon, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A!nd tHenr the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

Mars is, 18° dFebruarit;

Anno I5>* Georgii IN'Regis, 174J.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several Yeoman and Farmers, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Com, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Legislature was so sensible of the great Advantage that would accrue not only, to the Revenue of the Malt-duty, but to the Landed Interest ingeneral, by the Consumption of malted Corn: That several Laws have been made for the Encouragement thereof; particularly in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third; whereby -it was Enabled, That such as make low Wines, Spirits, or brew from Corn, should cause their Corn to be made into wholesome Drink; and from such Drink, without any Mixture, should draw their low Wines, &c. and fee they be made from malted Corn entirely: And if Distillers, or others, mix other Materials, the Gaugers should charge the low Wines drawn, from Drink lo mixed, per Gallon; t"he Duty on low Wines being id. per Gallon only: And that in the 10th and utlvof the same Reign, an Act passed, prohibitingMelaffesto be used in the Brewery, to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn; but that notwithstanding the se, and other Acts, made to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn, Distillers, and others, in preparing Spirits, and other Liquors, use considerable Quantities of unmalted Corn, or Corn not sufficiently malted; whereby much less Corn, as well as Malt, is consumed: And further setting forth the Lois of the Duty of Sea Coal and Welsh Coal, used in the Making of such large Quantities of Malt, that would be further consumed in the Distillery, if Distillers were to make their Spirits in the manner prescribed by the Act of the Seventh and Eighth of King William the Third: And therefore praying, in Behalf of the Petitioners themselves, and many others, thus prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and give Relief to the Petitioners, as so considerable a Benefit will arise to his Majesty's Revenue, and the Landed Interest will be greatly promoted, by in forcing the Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn; or by such other Means, as to the House shall Teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and many Othert concerned in the Growth of Corn; and also the Petition of several Grafiers and Farmers, in the County «of Bucks, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in Bejialf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Breeding and Fatting of Cattle.

Mr. Mack worth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend, and make more effectual, a Clause in an Act made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the River Severn, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast or Rubbish info any Haven, Road, Channel, or River; flowing or running

to any Port-Towh, <5r to any City, Borough; Or Town, within this Realm: And the same was received; and read the First time*

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary OCcafions.

ResolvedThat an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That lie will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Savings which bavearifen by vacant Commissions and Relpites, from Christmas 1740, to Christmas 1742, inclusive; distinguishing each Year, and to what Purposes the said Savings have been applied, and by wlut Warrants.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions. That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Two Returns made to his Majesty of the Number of effectice Men in each Regiment, Troop, and Company, respectively, of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, immediately preceding those already laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for the better Regulating of Pawnbrokers, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Philipps, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Harley, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Gore, Sir Mnfgrave, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Frankland, Sir John Cust, Mr. Vyner, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Roger,

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hampden, Sir Pickering, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. , Sir Robert

Grosvenor, Mr. Owen, Mr. , Mr. Charlton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Burrell, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr.

Mr. Thrale, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

Mr.' Boone, Mr. Martin, Lord Carteret, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Barrington, Sir James Grant, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Piumptre, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. Wsrburton,

Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Mr. Harvey, Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Gundry, Sir William Calvert, Mr.

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Hill, Admiral Vernon, Sir Henry,

Mr. Finch, Mr. Ockenden, Sir Edw. , Mr. , Mr. Bertie; and all the Merchants of the House: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Winnington reported to the House, That their Address of Thursday last. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Estabiishments of Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, and Marines, for the Year 171a, 1713, 1714,1715, 1716, 1717: And also, that their Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House; Copies of the Musters or Lifts, and Returns of the effective Men of the Dutch Troops, when they landed in Great; and likewise

of the Returns fentby Marshal WWhen he took the Command of those Troops; and also of the Establishment of the said Troops, for their Service in Great tain; had been severally presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned rill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Leave of Absence.

Account of Savings by vacant Coxn-

Returns of the Land Forces.

Regulating

Pawnbroker*

Trade.

Answ;r so Add ref* for Paper*,

Account of Transport Service.

Witftefs

examined

19 Geo. II. 190

Mercurii, 19* die Februarii j And the Title of the said Account was read.

_ . The said Account is as follows;

Anno 190 Georgii II. ' Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

MR. Ga/bry presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1745.

t

Navy-Office, 19 th'iAn ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1745: prepared pur-February, 1743. J suant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, the 14th February 1745.

NATURE OF THE EXPENCE. SUM. TOTAL.

For the West- Indies and America. Freight - - - - Charge of Stores supplied to, and of Cabins built on board, the Transports; £ * d-I7»t63 *3 4 £. t. de \

with the Expence of Surveying them - - - - 7 *5 3 4

Bedding for the Use of Soldiers ----- --- For Flanders and Holland. Freight ----- --- -- Charge of Horse Hammaccoes and Stores, supplied to, and of Cabins, Stalls, Platforms, and other Conveniencies, built on board the Transports j with 673 8 — 58,236 2 2 18,562 4 8

the Expence of Surveying them -Wharfage, Port-charges, and other Expences attending the Embarkation of the Forces between England, Holland, and Flanders - - - -Pilotage of the Transports between England, Holland, and Flanders Purchase of Hay, Oats, and other Requisites; Hire of Sloops and Lighters, for putting the same on board; and other necessary Charges, on that Occasion Salary to the Person employed as Agent ----- - T0 Bryan Pybus, for the Passage and Provision of Non-commission Officers and Soldiers, in the Packet-Boats between OJlend and , at 5J. per Head For Gibraltar and Mahon. 7>737 3 3'S*1 *7 3 1»557 '* 1 5>°33 5 — 383 5 — 199 5 — 76,708 18 9,

Freight — Being for transporting Officers and Recruits - 1,207 *5 9 96,478 19 z

The Total amounts to the Sum of Ninet-fixy thousand Four hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence.

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acwo Cleveland,

IVill. Corbett, F. Gajkry, Alex. Geddes,

J. Compton.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

John Gilfillan attending, according to Order s He was called in: and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Mr. Brereton presented to the House, pursuant to Account of their Order, an Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, between the 1 ft. January 1744, p*rmP and 31 December 1745.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows; viz.

Vol. 25.

T

70 r 9® — aoa Februarii. A. 1745.

Victualling-Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, between the 19th Feb. 1745. J lft Jan. 1744, and 31st December 1745; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated 14th lnstant.

SUM.

Amount of Provisions sent from Jamaica to for the Use of Soldiers and Settlers

thene, which were pot included in the Account for the Year 1744 -Amount of Provisions iffped to Bombardiers, &c. ——

Amount of Provisions sent to Lewifbourgk, for the Use of the Garrison there -Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transport-ships, for victualling Soldiers in their Passage from London and Gibraltar to ——

Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transports, for victualling Soldiers in their Passage to Annapolis Royal - -

Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transports, for victualling Recruits in their .'Passage to Gibraltar and Ma/ion -Amount of Bread and Cheese put on board the Ship Mathew and Joseph, for the Use of his Majesty's Forces in *hfc North * ——

Amount of Provisions furnished the Garrison of Fort in Scotland -

Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transport-ships, for victualling Soldiers in their Passage to Ostend, and from Williamjladt *- - - - - ‘ -

£ s. d.

2,157 11 3i

788 16 8

8,170 7 si

6,226 12 n i

4»i 13 3 2

1,180 18 3i

.2,626 *3 6{

623 16 xt

48,865 9 0

J. Biffe, Rick. , " Will. Davis', fho. Brer el on.

Total

L

54,753 9 3t

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members c/f the House.

State of the Mr. Boone, Corrintifiary-General of the Musters', pre-Land Force*. fCnted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Muster-Rolls of several of his Majesty's Troops of Horse Guards} together with a List of the said Muster-Rolls.

And the said Lfft was read j and is as fiblloweth viz.

First Troop of Jfprfo Grenadier 1

Guards 5 To 24 December 1745.

Second Troop Grenadier Guards J

First Troop of Horse Guards Second Troop of Guards Third Troop of Guards Fourth Troop of Guards-

Ordered, That the said Muster-Rolls be jreferred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

The said Muster-Rolls. are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

of Westmmjfer Bridge, between November Tit ft 1744* and OEloFer 8th' 1745, both inclusive, be referred to the

laid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed t him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the wltole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- W* *n<* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Me4,"* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

To 24 December 1745.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hqufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money granted in the Year 1743, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in , has been

applied by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Lady~(lay 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September 29 1744, to September 29 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from November aift 1744, to October 8th 1745, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Contracts made by the Commissioners

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 20° die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii IP* Regis, 1745-Prayers.

R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Old Sarum to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of James Grinvil'e Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ditto, the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts,

in

J

19 Geo. II. 20° Februarii.

in the room of William Pill Esquire; who, since his Elec- Address of the same Day, That his Majesty would be gration for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice- ciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid be-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Paymaster-General of fore this House, Copies of the Two Returns made to his all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland. Majesty of the number of effective men in each Regiment, Troop, and Company, respectively, of his Ma-r<r»-ick Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to jesty's Land Forces and Marines, immediately preceding

Tweed Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the those already laid before this House; had been severally

- Writ. electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had corn-for the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in the room of the manded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Right Honourable William Wildman Lord Viscount Bar- Directions accordingly.

rington, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of The House being informed. That Mr. Bowen, from Dispositfon on,* of the Commissioners for executing the Office of the Treasury, attended at the Door j of Grant*.

Lord High Admiral of Great Britain. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Ac-Aeconnt of Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their count shewing how the Money given for the Service of Sa*ii«in Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be gra- the Year 1745, hath been disposed of, distinguished under ciqullypleased to give Directions, that there belaid before the several Heads, until the 17th Day of February 1745,

' this House, an Account of the Savings which have arisen and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency by vacant Commissions and Respites, from Christmas thereof.

1740, to Christmas 1742, inclusive; distinguishing each And then he withdrew.

Year, and to what Purposes the said Savings have been And the Title of the said Account was read,

applied, and by what Warrants: And also. That their The laid Account is a&followeth; viz.

Vol. 25.

An

D

(Q\

i — h

n'

0

CL

cr

O

O

OQ

An ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1745 hath been disposed of, distlnguished undeMn^everal

1745, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof.

iie2(

SERVICES.

1 For the Visuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 40,000 Men, for 13 Months, beginning the ill Day of January 1744 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea-Officers ——

For the Freight of Transports, between the iff of January 1743, and 31st December 1744 ——

Towards Expence of Vi^uafs, provided for his MajestyS Land Forces, between the lft of January 1743, and 31st December 1744 -

Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital ——

Towards building an Hospital at Portsmouth, purchasing Land for erecting it on, and necessary Walling, for the Year 1745 -

#. d.

CJ

o

c

8

a

ro

i)

For Ordnance Sea Service ——

For Ordnance Land Service ——

F01 defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance, not provided for by Parliament ——

For defraying the Charge of 28,107 effective Men (Commission and Non-Commission Officers included) in Flanders, for the Year 1745 For defray ing the Charge of 15,768 effective Men, for Guards and Garrisons, <$*c. Anno 1745 ——

For maintaining 11 is Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Providence, Gibraltar. Georgia, and Rattan, for tin* Year 1745 ——

For defraying extraordinary Expences of the Troops in British Pay which Curved in Flanders, which incurred Armo 1744, not provided for by

Parliament....

For defraying extraordinary Expences and Services of his Mujerty's Forces in Great Britain, Minorca, Gibraltar, and the Plantations, incurred Anno 1744. not provided for by Parliament ——

For the Pay and Forage of the General and Stall Officers, and for the Pay of the Officers of the Hospital iu Flanders for the Year 1745 -

Upon Account towards defraying the extraordinary Charge of Forage, Waggon-money, and other Expences, incurred or to be incurred, for the Year 1745.....-....

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Tori es and Marines, for the Year 1745 ——

For Pensions for the Year 1745, to the Widows of Officers, married before ('hriftmas 1716 ——

For the Allowance of Eight Weeks Pay to the Troops of Hanover, f 1 their Return, computed from 25th December 1744, to the Time of their

in Great Britain in the Years 1743 and 1744 ——

e fraving the Charge of 6,000 Dutch Troops during the Time of their Continuance in Flanders in the Year 1744- -

efraving the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, and Hall Gallies, for the Service of Georgia, from the

For defraying the Charge of 6,000 Dutch Troops whil For d ~ J ‘ ~ " "

For defray

30th September 1744, to 24th December 1745

8

rj

vs

3

in

"To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Queen of Hungary, and to enable her to increase and augment her Army for the Support of the House of Atjlria, See, ——

I To make good his Majeliys Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty ——

To make good his Majesty\s Engagements with the King of Poland, as Elector of Saxony, pursuant to Treaty ——

To make good his Maj city's Engagements with the Eh dor of Cologne, pursuant to Treaty ——

.To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mentz, pursuant to Treaty

— —

200,479 9 10

45>°°5 9 10

13>345 7 7i

10,000 — —

12,000 — —

104,000 —

1959008 11 7

68,426 *4 6

781,698 16 2

499.936 9 7

290,528 3 H

85.847 4 9

38,839 18 5 i

37.610 18 8j

100,000 — —

26,775 15 10

3.864 — —

57.965 9

32,094 10 8

10,240 1 1

23,961 2 11

500,000 -

200.000 ——

100.000 ——

24,200 1 4

8,620 ——

Marines. For defraying the Charge of 11,550 Marines, for the Service of the Year 1745

To make the Deficiency of the Grants good Anno 1744; viz.

To the Navy ——

To the Ordnance ——

To the Forces ——

To the Marines ——

To the Bridge at Westminster ——

I To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1744

d.

V

8<

v

Q

[To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1743, at Michaelmas 1745

10 8{

6 3

34*4*8 18 101

5 —

- 11,390 8 6 18

17794*1 34

659*65 13 5*

at Chr\fimas 1743 - 5»°95 8 8

at Michaelmas 1744 13995 7 >9 *t

127,252 16 81

A

Towards building a Bridge croft the Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore

For Rewards to the Calhieis of the Bank lor receiving the £. 1,500,000 for Annuities on Wines, and the £.1,000,000, Loans on Salt, as a Ifo the Contributions of £.500,000 f t the Lottery, and for the Charge of passing their Accounts thereof, and for other Services relating thereto, and for the Charges attending the Drawing the said Lottery, and delivering out Certificates, by Intimation -To enable his Majesty to make good fut h other Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty's Allies, and for other Services of the War, for the Year 1745 ——

Sums granted,

£ t.

2,956,830 7 3i

Se7*M 6 l

>,9*9.36* >o 5i

832,919 1 4

*06,253 >5 —

Sums paid.

£. s. d. 2,255,461 1 3|

367.435 6

Remaining to be paid.

£. t. d.

369 6 —

>,9*9.369 >0 5J

*32.919 > 4 >4*.494 3 4

3*»993 >6 3t 25,000 ——

16,400 ——

500,000 ——

Towards Utisfying which there remains;

Of the Exchequer Bills on the Malt Of the Loans on the Salt

M( morandum: The Sum of£.23,^6o, voted forfiniffiing the Harbour of Rye, not being inserted in the Appropriation of the Sums voted, is not in fe tied in this Account £.1 69513,194 16 6

£ ..... ....

2.000. 000 —

750.000 —

1.000. 000 —

2.000. 000 —

800.000 —

2M44 *3

Ways and Means.

— by the I.a d Tax 1745.

— by the Dunes on Malt continued.

— by the Duty on Salt continued.

— . by Annuities and a Lottery.

— by the Sinking Fund.

8£ by Surplus of the Malt Duties 1743.

365,629 12 7I 25,000 ——

16,400 ——

500,000 -

6,500,701 15 2

Of the Annuities by the a Iditiona) Duties on Wioes Of the Contributions to the Lottery -

67,528 8 nj

805 15 10 1,208 13 9 1,000 ——

O

Fv

6,57>.*44 >3 *i

11,050 2 0<

6, Pm.Id4 1 <j 0

Deficiency, u oo the other Side,

A»d then the Deficiency of the Grant* will b«

57*759 >«

23,364 3 I

*2*493 4

70,54* >* 6j

n,95® 9i

20° Februarii. A. 1745

i pGeo. Il»

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be pouted by the Members of the lloufe.

Manufac- A Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of

_ ‘-'f* London, was presented to the House, and read; felting

al c ‘ lords, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the 12th

Year of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, it is enacted, That over and above all Duties already payable upon foreign-made Sails and Sailcloth, or C nival's, usually entered as Hollands Duck, it Vitterv Canvass, which shall be fit to be made use of for Making of Sails for Ships, and which shall be imported into Great Brit, by way of Merchandize, except Canvass of the Product and Manufacture of Ireland, there should be paid unto her Majesty a further Duty of One Peny per Ell: And that, by another Act, made the Ninth of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for furl her encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; it is enacted, That all so.eign-made Sail-cloth, which shall be imported, and for which Duties are payable, shall be stamped at the Time of Landing; And that by the said Act it is likewise enacted, That no Person shall make into Sails or Turpawlins, any foreign Sail-cloth imported after the 24th of June 1736, not damped, under a Penalty therein mentioned: And further setting forth, That several Merchants, Importers of Sail-cloth, have imported the same und?r the Denomination of Linen, by which they have evaded Payment of half the Duty; and have a'lo been entitled thereby to a Drawback upon Exportation, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, and all others. Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, in Great Britain: And that several Sail-makers make up into Sails such Canvass so entered as Linen, although undamped, contrary to the express Words of the said Act of Parliament; which the Petitioners apprehend they venture to do, by reason of the Stnallness of the Penalty contained in the said Act: That several Masters of Ships and Yeft'els have brought in ready-made Sails, for which they have never paid any Duty, in Defiance of the aforesaid Acts; and that the several Acts made for the Encouragement of this Trade, have of late been greatly evaded: That, if a tpeedy Relief is not given to the Petitioners, this valuable Branch of Trade, so beneficial to this Kingdom, by employing lb many Thoutands of Poor ot both Sexes, from the Age of Seven to Seventy, which mud otherwise become burthensome to their Parishes, will be entirely ruined, and the Revenue very much lessened: And therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief to the Petitioners, as to the House shall fcvr.i meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail -cloth. Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp-growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places adjacent, is referred: And that the Committee do examine, and date to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

DU)illation A Petition of several Graziers and Farmers, in the

from Corn. County, of Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Breeding and Fatting of Catile, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act of the Second Year of King William and Queen Mary, for the Encouragement of the Making of Brandies, Strong Waters, and Spirits, from malted Corn, and for the greater Consumption of Corn, and the Advantage of Tillage, a Durv ot One Peny only was laid on every' Gallon of Low Wi ucs of the First Extraction, drawn and made from Drink brewed with any Sort of malted Corn; and the l'everal Duties of Eight Pence, Twelve Pence, and Three Pence, were imputed upon every Gallon of such Low VOL. 35.

73

Wines, made or drawn from the other Materials therein-mentioned; and all Distillers are obliged thereby to draw their Spirits of the Fird Extraction from clear Drink, made of malted Corn only, without any Mixture whatever; and as an Encouragement for drawing and making Spirits or Brandies from malted Cofn, for Exportation, a Drawback was allowed of Three Pence Gallon of Brandies, and Spirits drawn from Drink brewed from malted Corn, without any Mixture; which said Duties were continued, and the Provisions and Drawbacks were-re-enacted by an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Year of his said Majesty King William: That by an Act of the Twelfth and Thirteenth Year of the said King William, which laid several new Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extradion, the like Drawback is allowed on Exportation of Spirits, or Brandy made from malted Corn only, as aforesaid; but that, notwithstanding the Laws made to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn,

Distillers, and others, in preparing Spirits, and other Liquors, use great Quantities of unmalted Com, or Com not sufficiently malted, the said Distillers pretending the y are licensed to do so by the Act of the Sixth of his present Majesty, whereby to encourage Spirits drawn from Corn in Great Britain, a Drawback on Exportation is allowed of £. 4. 18 s.o d.for every Tun of such Spirits: and for every Tun of Spirits drawn from Barley malted, or other Corn, the Bounty of Thirty Shillings is also directed to be paid to the Exporter, when Barley is at One Pound Four Shillings the Quarter, or under; which Ad, nevertheless, doth not, as the Petitioners apprehend, repeal any of the Provisions made by the before recited Acts, for obliging Distillers to draw their Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, from clean and wholesome Drink, made of malted Corn entirely: That by the using unmalted Corn, much less Corn, as well as Malt, is confomed; and than with the Grains of unmalted Corn, now used in brewing and preparing Spirituous and other Liquors, Distillers, and others, feed and fat a great Number of Hog % which would otherwise be better ted and fatted in the Country, by Farmers and Graziers, or would consequently consume a ^reat Quantity of Pease and Beans, and coarse Com, mixed with Grains, if the Distillers, and others, were obliged to use malted Corn only: And therefore, in behalf of the Petitioners themselves, and many others, thus prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, which tends greatly to the Diminution of the publick Revenue, lessening the Consumption of Corn, and discouraging the Breed- ing and Fatting of Cattle, praying the House to take the i Premises into Consideration, and give the Petitioners Re-, lief, by enforcing the said Laws, heretofore made, for the Consumption of malted Com, or by such other Means as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of several other Petitions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of die whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further and M#ns' of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, which was to continue in force, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March 1735, until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Sefiton ot Parliariient; and which, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An

U Ad

20° Febru

74 20° — 21° Februarii. A. 1745-

Act for the better fecoring and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, which was to continue in force, from the 24th Day of June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Rel'olutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for defraying the Charges of his Majesty's Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, and thereby to encourage the bringing in of Gold and Silver to be coined, a Revenue, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds per Annum, be made up, settled, and secured for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1745, and until the End of the First Session of Parliament then next erifuing.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sump not exceeding Eight thousand Three hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund tl, je like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-duties, at Chrijhnai 1744.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thata Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Two hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1745.

Rejolyed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Seven hundred and Ninety-three Pounds Three Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit, or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That aSum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Five hundred Pounds, be granted^o his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, foan-Iwer Half a Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 1745, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per. Anr^um, on the Principal Sum of One Million, lent on Credit of the Salt-duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1735, towards the Supply for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceed ingTwen ty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commis-lio'ners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the fcity of fVefminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, to finish the said Bridge; and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mprning Nine of the Clock.

/ b ' \

Veneris,210 die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

SI R John Cust reported from the Committee, to Ripon, &c.

whom the Bill for giving further Time to the Com- lndoiure. missioners therein named to execute the Powers and Authorities remaining unexecuted of a former Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extinguithing a Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Fqui-valentfbr the said Common Right; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that most of the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the rest, although publick Notice was given, did not appear to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Kelfield the Bill for establishing and confirming Articles of Agree- Inclosure. ment for an Inclosure and Division of the Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, in the Manor of Kelfield, in the county of ; and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to finish and complete the said inclosure; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to State of the consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma- Land Force*, rines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to A"innn*Ir(L a the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt electing of a Burgess, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Agmondefiam, in the County of Bucks,

in the room of Thomas Gore, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Commissary-General of the Mullers.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and mV*..*. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Mean; for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

4

i9 Geo. II.

11° — 24°

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they

had come toseveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcraie to receive the lame.

prohibits the Importation of Wine in Flasks or Bottles, be repealed.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid upon all Crown-plate, or Flint-glals,

jrtfmouth

Writ.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday imported. Eight Pence per Pound-weight; and for all Morning next. Green, or other Glass, imported, Two Pence per

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was Pound; and for all Bottles and Flasks imported. Two directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Shillings per Dozen; to be paid by the Importer or Itn-Leave to fit again. porters thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- , That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, to consider turther of Ways and Means for raising the there shall be paid upon aill Metal, or Preparation, or by Supply granted to his Majesty. what>other Name, now or hereafter, it may be called, for the Making of Crown-plate, Flint or White-glass, in Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Great , Nine Shillings and Four Pence per Hun- the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the dred-weight; and upon all Metal, or Preparation, for Electing of a Burgess to i'erve in this present Parliament Making of Green-glass, or of all other Glafc, in Great for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of South- Britain, Two Shillings and Four Pence per Hundred-

Serem

River.

ampton, in the room of Martin Bladen Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunae, 2 40 Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1745. Pu AT ERS.

ab, ll

to amend, and make more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the 34th & 3 5th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the River Severn, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast or Rubbish into any Haven, Road, Channd, or River, flowing ot running to any Port Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this ucalrn, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Robert Williams, Major Sir Edw.

Turner, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Lord Strange, Mr. Torke,

weight; to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid, for every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made, or drawn only from any Sort of Drink, or Wash, brewed or made from' any Sort of Malt or Corn, other than and except Brewer's Wash and Tilts, One Half-peny, over and above all Duties charged or chargeable thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid, for every Gallon of Low Wines, or Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from* Brewer's Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith. One Half-peny, over and above all other Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the Distillers ot Makers thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising trie Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid, for every Gallon of Low Wines, of Spirits of the First Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort or Kind of English Materials, or any Mixture therewith, Three Farthings, over and above all other

Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Archer, Lord Perceval, Mr. Carew, Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the

Mr. Chctvjynd, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Sout/twell, Mr. Ihb- Distillers or Makers thereof.

Jyn, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Gybbon, Admiral Vernon, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committer, M r.* Tow 1 field, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Waller, Mr. Ofbal- That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, d.P.on, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Montague, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bowles, there shall be paid, for every Gallon of Spirits, made in Mr. Gih lart , and all the Members who I'erve for the Great Britain, of any Kind of Wine or Cyder imported.

Principality of Wales, and for the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Three Pence, over and above all Duties charged or chargeable thereon; to be paid by the Distillers or Makers thereof.,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nominee* for Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, Life-Rent*. House, the total Number of Nominees for Life-Rents, there shall be paid, for every Gallon of Strong Waters, which were given into the Exchequer, in pursuance of or Aqua Vita, made for Sale, of Corn, Cyder, or foreign an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King Wines, Three Half-pence, over and above all other Williamand Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for grant- Duties charged or chargeable thereon, to be paid by the ing to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise Distillers or Makers thereof.

upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recnmpences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such- Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War cguinft France-, and also the Number of such of the said Nominees as are dead; distinguishing the Number

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Spirits, drawn or made from the Materials aforesaid, a Drawback or Allowance be made of the several and respective Duties aforesaid on the Exportation thereof. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

which di.d in every respect.ive Year, from the First No- That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Vhyt and Me.m.

initiation, to Christmas last.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raisins; the

the Sum of Three Millions be raised, by Annuities and a Lottery, and charged upon the said several Duties before mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thou-.

Supply granted to his Majesty, thellesolutions, which the sand Pounds per Annum, for defraying the Charges of his Committee had directed him to report to the House; Majesty's Mints, and the Coinage of Gold and Silver which he read ini.is Place; and afterwards deliver^ in Monies, and other incident Charges of the Mints, the at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and Duties of Ten Shillings per Tun, upon all Wines, Vine-arc as followeth; viz. gar, Cyder, and Beer, imported into Great Britain which,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of That so much of the Act of to Georgii IIdi, Chap. 17, as his Majesty's Reign, were continued for Seven Years, Vol. 25. from

Ways and Means.

Stpply.

~j6 2 40 — 250 Febri 745*

from the First Day of March 1738, and until the End of the Firit Session of Parliament then next entuing, be further continued for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1745, and until the End of the next Session of Parliament then next enfiling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That all the Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, which were granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and are now in force, relating to the Mints, and Coinage of Gqldand Silver Monies, be further continued for Seven Years, from the First Day of March 1745, and until tile End of the next Session of Parliament then next ensuing. t

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of this present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; which was to continue in force from the 24th Day of June 1733, for Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring and be continued Car Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth- of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; which was to-continue in force, from the 25th Day of March 1735, until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring; and be continued for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, postponed.

The Second Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

The Third Resolution, being read a Second time j

A Motion was made* and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re committed

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for >he No \ .45.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Resolutions now agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Henry Mr. Lyttle/on, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. , and Mr. Henry

Archer, do prepare,‘and bring in, the fame.

55-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 50 die

1 Anno 19° Georgii ID1 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

MR. /1 'inning! cn presented to the House, acc r ling

to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and De-teriion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Charles Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Linds, intituled, An Act for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount Grimjtonto make Jointures on their rcl'pedive

Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of 5 Grimy!on

Iifquire, deceased, was committed, Thar the Committee had examined the A legations of the Bill, and ib.1r.1l the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had d;reeled him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Carem reported from tire Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields, within the Parish of Inkpot, in the County of Berks, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; ami that the Committee had directed him ta report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Fable.

An ingrossed BiH for giving further T:me to the Commissioners therein named to execute the Powers and Authorities remaining unexecuted of a former Act of Parliament, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aftforextinguishing a Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, Hie Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements, in Ripen, Littlethorpe, and Bottdgate, in the County of

York-, and for settling and providing an Equivalent fi»r the said Common Right; was read the TLiid time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for giving further time to execute An Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extinguithing a Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Propriety of ancient Buigages and Tenements, in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bon in the County of

York -, and for lcitling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right.

Ordered, That Sir John Cuff' do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of several Yeomen, Farmers, and Graziers, in the County of Kent, who.e Names arc thereunto lub-feribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Fatting of Cattle, was presented to the Houte, and read; letting forth, That several Laws have been made for encouraging the Malt-duty, and for the Advantage of Tillage, in this Kingdom; particularly in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third; whereby it was enacted, That such as make Low Wines, Spirits, or brew from Corn, should cauio their Corn to be made into wholesome Drink, and from such Drink, without any Mixture, should draw their Low Wines, Kc. and tec they be made from malted Corn entirely; and if Distillers, or others, 16 mix

Army:

Mm v ni'l Dcic. tiou.

Lord Grim-fton's Eitatts.

Inkpot

InJoture*

Ripoo,

ic.

Incio£u«e_

Distiltafiofi from Cwiw

1

19 Geo. II. 25° Februarii. 77

mix* other Materials, the Gaugers should charge the Low Wines drawn from Drink lo mixed, One Shilling per Gallon; the Duty on Low Wines being then 1 per Gallon only: But that, notwithstanding the se, and other Acts, made to encourage the Consumption of malted Com, Distillers, and others, in preparing Spirits, and other Liquors, use considerable Quantities of unmalted Corn, or Com not Sufficiently malted; whereby much less Com, as well as Malt, is consumed: And further Setting forth the Loss of the Duty of Sea Coal, and Welsh Coal, used in the Making of Such large Quantities of Malt, that would be further consumed in the Distillery, if Distillers were to make their Spirits in the manner prescribed by the Acts of the Seventh and Eighth of King William the Third: And further letting forth, Thar, with the Grains of unmalted Com, now used in brewing and preparing Spirituous and other Liquors, Distillers, and others, do feed and fat a great Number of Hogs, which would otherwise be better fed and fitted in the Country by Farmers and Graziers, or would necessarily conSume a great Quantity of Pease and Beans, or coarse Corn, mixed with Grains, if the Distillers, and others, were obliged to use malted Corn only: And therefore, in behalf of the Petitioners themselves, and many others, thus prejudiced by the Die of unmalted Corn, praying. That the House will take the Premises into Confident ion, and give Relief to the Petitioners, as so considerable a Benefit will arise to his Majesty's Revenue, and the Landed Intered will be greatly promoted, by inforcing the Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn, or by such ocher Means as to the House shall Seem meet.

illation A Petition of several Yeomen, Farmers, and Graziers,

" CorD* in the County of Ffftx, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn, and the Fatting of Cattle, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting the said Provision of the said Atts, made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William and Queen , and in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn; and setting forth, That in the Tenth and Eleventh of the same Reign, an Act passed, prohibiting Melasses to be used in the Brewery, to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn; but that notwithstanding the se, and other Acts, made to encourage the Consumption of malted Corn, Distillers, and others, in preparing Spirits, and other Liquors, use considerable Quantities of unmalted Corn, or Com not Sufficiently malted; whereby much less Com, as well as Malt, is consumed: And further setting forth, That, with the Grains of unmalted Corn, now used in brewing and preparing spirituous and other Liquors, Distillers, and others, feed and fat a great Number of Hogs, which would otherwise be better fed and fatted in the Country by Farmers and Graziers, or would necessarily consume a great Quantity of Pease and Beans, and coarse Com, mixed with Grains, if Distillers, and others, were obliged to use malted Corn only: And therefore, in behalf of the Petitioners themselves, and many others, thus prejudiced by the Use of unmalted Corn, which also tends much to the Diminution of the puhl'ck Revenue, praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and give Relief to the Petitioners, by inforcing the said Laws heretofore made for the Consumption of malted Corn, or by such other Means,

as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of several other Petitions.

Mfaft for Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to hia

[p*o!t)j7h« Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give

Land Force*. Vol. 25.

Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of the Horse and Foot Guards, and all other the Land Forces of Great Britain, for the Years 1715, 1717, and *74$-

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Instructions to the Comptroller-General of the Accounts of the Army.

Resolved, That an humble Addrefe be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Instructions to the Commissary-General of the Musters.

Ordered, That the said AddreflVs be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

An ingossed Bill for establishing and confirming Ar- Kelffeld tides of Agreement for an Inclosure and Division of the feclofur*. Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York; and for im-

powering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to finish and compleat the said Inclosure; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for establishing Articles of Agreement for an Inclosure and Division of the Common Fields, Wastes,-and Common Grounds, in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York; and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to compleat the said In-dofure.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of A Bon Brown, of London, Distiller, was Distilhtloo presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That fe°m Conu the Petitioner hath found, by long Experience in the Trade of Distilling, that Spirits may be made of malted Corn, very near as good, if not equal, in Taste and Fla-your to any foreign Spirits, drawn from the Grape, or any other Materials; but that, by a lately devised Method of mixing raw Corn with that which is malted, the Spirits so produced are rendered both unwholesome and unpalatable, and not of half the intrinsick Value as if they were made of malted Corn only, in a proper Manner: That if the making Spirits intirely from malted Corn, in afkil-ful Way, were encouraged, his Majesty's Navy, and the other Confu.mers thereof, might constantly be supplied with Spirits of a true vinous Flavour, without any let id Smell or Taste, and to answer all thCpurposes that foreign Brandy can do, and superior to any Spirits drawn from Melaues or Sugar, which,'as the Petitioner alleges, he is able, at. anytime, to demonstrate, by ocular and expert* mental Proof: That it is now become almost an universal Practice to add Two or Three Bushels of raw Corn, and so in larger Proportion, to One Bushel of malted Corn; whereby his Majesty's Revenue is diminished by Four ShilliAgg Aipon every Quarter of such raw Corn (o used in the Distillery: And representing to the House, That if it shall appear retsonable, either totally to prohibit the Use of unmalted Com, orto lay a moderate Duty thereon, such as would amount to a Sura equal to what the Distillcra must pay, if they use.all malted Corn, his' Majesty's Revenue would, in either Cafe, be improved to the Value of Fifty thousand Pounds p than it now produces, without any Damage or Oppression tq any Person whatsoever, as the Petitioner doubts not but he can clearly demonstrate to the House; and which he offers to do, without any mercenary View, but rpefely for the Benefit that will thereby arise to his Majesty, and t he Petitioner's Fdlow-subjects: That the Petitioner finds, by the Votes of this House, that a Petition of the Yeomen and Farmers in the County of Surrey, and also a Petition of the Graziers and Farmers in the County of Butks, hath been brought in, and referred to a Committee, of

X the

78 250 — 16° Februarii. 1745.

the -whole House, complaining in some Measure of the many able Seamen: That, since the First of November Grievances above-mentioned; all which, the Petitioner lad, the Petitioners have an Account, that upwards of alleges, he is able to make appear, as well as what he 150 Ships have been taken by the Enemy, and many of hath above let forth, not comprised or mentioned therein: them near our own Coasts; and that the Petitioners ap-

And therefore praying the House, That, pursuant to the prehend, that moll of these Misfortunes might have been said Petitions, some Law may be enacted for the Increase prevented, if an Act of Parliament, made in 1707, for of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Benefit that will arise the better securing the Trade of this Nation, by Cruizers by the greater Consumption of Corn, as well as for the and Convoys, had been still in force, since the good Preservation of all his Majesty's Subjects, who make use Effects of that Law were very evident, by the Experience of Spirituous Liquors, either medicinally, or for the com- of thofeTimes: And further representing to the House, raon Support of N ature. That the Losses already sustained by his Majesty's Subjects

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- concerned in Trade, are lb grievous and heavy, that it federation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom wi.l be impossible for them to carry on their Commerce, it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Yeo- unless a sufficient Number of Ships of War is kept con-men and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names stantly cruising in proper Stations, and regular Convoys are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and granted to their Ships much more frequently than they s many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of have hitherto been; and that, as the Protection of our

several other Petitions. Trade is a Point of the greatest Importance, so our Ene-

mies know right well, that the whole Landed Interest of A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Great Britain, its Manufactures, Riches, and Power, and Burroughs: even' its Existence, as a great Nation, depend absolutely

Mr. Speaker, _ upon the Safety and Prolperity of its Navigation and

D'Aeth's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Commerce: And therefore praying the House to take Estate. veft Manor of Rux/ty, in the County of Kent, and the Premises into most serious Consideration, and to several Lands there, in Sir Narbrough D'Aeth Baronet, grant such Redress as shall be thought most proper, and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage- , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for

Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater the better protecting and securing the Trade and Navi-yearly Value being settled in lieu thereof: To which the gation of this Kingdom, in Times of War: And that Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. Sir John Barnard, Mr. Alderman , and Admiral

And then the Messengers withdrew. Vernon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

Ad< of Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Coancil for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Eleventh *n‘ Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City; as relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council; without any Amendment; And also,

Trial of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Person* con- for the more easy and speedy Trial of such Persons as "r"eJ.,n have levied, or shall levy. War against his Majesty; and e e ion. for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors, in Trials for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great Britain called j without any

Amendment: And also.

Market The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Harboroujh, for enlarging the Term and Ppwers granted by an Act, c* °* ' passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to Loughborough, in the County of Leicester-, and for making the said Act more effectualj without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

D'Aeth's An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate. vest the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir Narbrough Baronet,

and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage-Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value being settled in Heu thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Security of A Petition of theunder-written Merchants and Traders

Trade during of the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and the War- Trade of the whole Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read j representing to the House, That the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms have been greatly exposed, more especially of late, to the Capture of our declared Enemies, whereby many of his Majesty's faithful Subjects have been impoverished, the publick Revenue greatly diminished, and the Navy deprived of 18

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Februqrii;

Anno i9* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

/~\R D E R E D, That Mr. Muir have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and- dividing certain Common Fields, within the Parish of Inkpen, in the County of Berks, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Poxvney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them,'Fhat this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, the Number of Tuns of Spirits made from Com, and the Number of Tuns of Spirits made from Mclafies or Sugar; and also what Quantity of foreign Brandy hath been imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years last pad } and likewise what Quantity of Spirits have been exported, during that time; distinguishing each Quality, and Year.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names

are

1

Distillsuoo frOiu C< r*u

Lem of

Abfeoce*

Inkpot

Indofttre.

Account of Spirits made from Cora, &c.

Distillsrioi from Cora.

19 Geo. II. 26° — 27* — 28° Februarii. 79

Ordered \That such of the said Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at-Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 28° die Februarii; Anno 19* Georgii II4' Regis, 1745. Praters.

are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of several other Petitions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred: And that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 die Februarii;

Anno 19* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1745.

MR. Secretary at War reported to the House, That Answer to their Addresses of ‘tnesday last, That his Majesty Addrefle* for would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Co- Paf>m' pies of the Rules and Articles, and also Copies of the instructions therein respectively mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty:

And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly:

P R A Y B R S.

Papist* Wills /ORDERED, That Leave be given to brine in a Bill for and Deeds. L/ allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devifces, and Lessees: And that Mr and Mr. Pytts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, of several written Papers, commonly called publtlhed and

dispersed in Coffee-houses, giving an Account of the Proceedings of this House;

And One of the said Papers being brought up to the Table;

A Paragraph thereof, containing a false Account of some Proceedings of this House, was read.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions of the House, of the 'twentysixth Day of February One thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight, against giving, in written or printed Newspapers* any Account or Minutes of the Debates, or other Proceedings of this House, or of any Committee thereof, might be read:

And the feme were read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 13th Day 1738, against giving

or inferring in Letters or other Papers, as Minutes, or under any other Denomination, Of in printed Newspapers, of any Denomination, any Account of the Debates, or other Proceedings of this House, or any Committee thereof, as well during the Recets as the Sitting of Parliament, might be read:

And the feme tras read accordingly;

Ordered, That Rickard Kiljha do attend this House Tomorrow Morning;.

The Order of the Day being read;

Call of the The House was called over; and the Names-of such House. Members as made Default to appear, were taken down: And the Lift of the Defaulters being called over, several of them appeared, and several of them were cx-cufed, on account of their own lllncfs, or of the Illness of their Wives, or near Relations, or as being in Town, or on the Road to Town, or as being abroad, or in the publick Service, or absent upon other extraordinary Avocations, or with the Leave of the House; and those who were not excused, were, upon the Question severally put upon them, ordered to attend at the Time appointed for them, as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That Sir Jehn Baronet, Harry Waller

Esquire, Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, George Chaffin Esquire, Thomas Makers Esquire, Peter Legh Esquire, Sir John Afiley Baronet, Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, William Vaughan Esquire, and George Barlow Esquire, do attend the Service of this House, upon this Day Fortnight.

Vol. 25.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, Papers pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, respetf ingtU*

N° 1. Establishment for 20,000 Men in Flanders, Land Fo,cw-Anno 1712.

2. Ditto, for 40,000 Men in Holland, Anno

17x2.

3. Ditto, for Guards and Garrisons, commencing the 24th June 1713.

4. Ditto, for Guards and Garrisons, commencing

the 25th December 1713.

5. Ditto, for the Forces and Garrisons in the

West Indies, commencing the 25 December

I7,3*

6. Ditto, for the Forces in the Plantations,

norca, Gibraltar, Flanders, and commencing 24 June 1713.

7. Ditto, for the Forces in Minorca, Gibraltar,

Flanders, and Dunkirk, commencing 25 December 1713.

V 8. Ditto, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain and the Plantations, commencing 25 December 1714.

9. Ditto, for 13 Regiments of Dragoons, and Eight Regiments of Foot, commencing 22 July 1715.

10. Establishment for Three Regiments of Foot Guards, and 15 Regiments of Foot, commencing 26 September 1715. it. Ditto, for Four Regiments of Horse, and 19 Re-

fintents of Dragoons, and Four Regiments of ‘oot, commencing the 25 of 1715.

12^ Ditto, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces,

' in Great Britain, commencing the 25 De-

cember 1715.

13. Ditto, for the Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, commencing the 25 December 1715.

14. Ditto, for Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, commencing the 25 December 1716.

15. Ditto, for the Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, commencing the 25 December 1716.

16. Ditto, for Colonel Philipps' % Regiment of Foot, and the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal and Placentia, commencing the 25th August 1717.

Mr. Secretary at War a!fir presented to the House, Ditto, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copies of the Two Returns made to his Majesty, of the Number of effective Men in each Regiment, Troop, and Company, respectively, of his Maj city's Land Forces and Marines, immediately preceding those already laid before the Honourable House of Commons.

So

38* Februarii.

4- 1745-

He also preferred to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year »7«5-

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Irel, and Dominions beyond the Seas, for the Year ij45.

Rules and Orders lor the better Government of his Majesty's Forces employed in foreign Parts, for the Year 1745.

Together with a List of the said Establishments, Copies of Returns, Rules and Articles, contained in several Books.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Books be referred to the Committee who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

The said Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Land Forces, which Paper was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of February 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Liverpool* Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom &c. ' the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto

Road*, fub.scribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign- of his late Majesty King George, for repairing the Roads from the Borough or Port of in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of in the said

County, leading through the Towns of West Derby, ton cum Roby, and Knozvjley, being above Seven Miles in Length; as also the Road from , through

Roby Town, and through Twig-Lone, into the said Road, between Liverpool and being about One Mile;

and of the several Persons living near, or usually travelling through the said Road, from to Prefcot

aforesaid; was referred; 1'hat the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read, and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Part of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to Prefcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Laiicaster, was read; whereby it appeared. That several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Roads, to continue from the First Day of June 1726, for the Term of Twenty-one Years.

It further appeared, by the Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, ligned by several of the said Trustees, upon the 14th of this instant February, and also by an Abstract of the said Receipts and Disbursements, both which were produced and attested by Mr. John Eyes, That the Sum of Two thousand Three hundred Pounds had been taken up at Interest; and also the further Sum of £.9,894. 1 raised by the Tolls,

making together £. 12,194. v§s. gld. That £. 11,8:6. 6s. lid. Part of the Sum last mentioned,.had been expended by the Trustees; and that the Sum of £.400 If ill remains due upon Bond; towards discharging which, the Trustees have in their Hands the Sum of £.368. 9 7 d.lb that there was, upon the ad of this Instant February, a net Debt of £.31. 10 due upon the Credit of the said Act.

The said John Eyes, being examined, as to the Condition of the Road, said, That the Lane called Twig-Latte, being about Three-quarters of a Mile, still remains unrepaired; and that the Expence of amending the same will amount, upon Computation, to about £.750. That the Cauley already made betwixt Liverpoole and Prefcot, is at present much out of Repair, occasioned by the late Frosts; and that the Charge of amending the same will amount to a considerable Sum, over and above the Statute-work.

Being further examined, he said. That he had heard the Trustees intimate a Design to widen the said Cauley, the same being at present too narrow for Carriages to pass each other; and believed, that the Charge thereof would amount to about £.4,000; but that, if the Caa-fey was to remain as it is at present, he did not apprehend it could be kept in Repair by the ordinary Methods appointed by the Laws in being.

Being asked, Whether the Road was not of late much damaged, by the great Number of Carriages which pals from Liverpoole to Warringtonf he said, That since the Commencement of the War with France, Cannon, and other Military Stores, are frequently carried to Liverpoc/e by Land; but that the Manufactures of Liverpoole, except such as are sent upon Pack-horses, are mostly conveyed to Warrington by Water; but he acknowledged. That there are some Goods carried in Waggons, which commonly go the Prefcot Road, because it is better than that through Roby, though the latter is the nearest Way.

Being examined, as to the Utility of repairing the Road from Prefcot to St. Helens, proposed by the Petitioners to be amended; he said. That the said Road leads to Bolton and Rochdale, and also into the County of Turk, and opens a Way to several Coal-pits at St.; and that the Repairing of the same will be great Advantage to the Country adjacent, and particularly to the Town of Liverpoole, which would, by that means, be more certainly and commodiously supplied with Coals than they noware: That if-any Accident should happen to the Collieries at Prefcot, Liverpoole could not be served with Coals, other than from St.Helens', and that the Road between the said Places is at present so bad, that, in Winter, Carriages cannot pass: That before the Road to Prefcot was repaired, the Inhabitants of Liverpoole usually furnished themselves in Summer with Coals for the whole Year, if they could get. them; but that that Method was attended with gfeat Incoovenicncies, People being often obliged to wait a.coriudurable time at Prefcot, before they could be supplied; there not being, in general, a sufficient Quantity of Coals upon the; Bank to answer the Demand; and many poor People not being able to lay in such a Stock as would serve them all the Year: That since the Making of the said Act, there has been a great Increase of Trade and Manufactures, as well as af the Inhabitants, of fiverpoo/e; and consequently, that the Demand for Coals tnuft be much larger than it was at that time.

Being further examined, he laid. He apprehended that the Town of Liverpoole would reap the gneateft Benefit from the proposed Amendment of the Road to St. Helens 1 but that nfverthelels he believed the same would be of Advantage to the whole Country adjacent; and he added. That the Inhabitants of alone pay fths

of the Money raised by the Tolls now collected.

Being asked. Whether the Opening of this Road would not be a Detriment to the Collieries at Prefcot f he said. He did not'believe it would; because Prefcot being Three Miles nearer to Liverpoole than St. , Persons will naturally go to the former Place for Coals, if they can be supplied as well, and as cheap there, as at the latter.

And he added, in general, That, notwithstanding the Statute-work, should be constantly done, and the Money payable by Law towards the Repair of Highways, be duly levied, yet neither could the Road to St. Helens be made passable for Carriages, nor could that to Prefcot, already amended, be continued in Repair, without the

AftUUnce

1

Personi tb attend the House*

VTirn

IT. UCaUS*

Supply-

V) Geo. II. s8° Februatil 81

Affidance of an Act of Parliament; inasmuch as the Expence of keeping the last mentioned Road in Repair, if.it were so at present, would amount to £.200 per Annum.

A Member of the House informed the Committee, That the Inhabitants of the Township of which

extends above Three Miles upon the Road last mentioned, at present pay more than 6 in the Pound, towards the amending thereof, betides doing their Statute-work thereupon; but that the same is inefficient to keep the Road in good Repair.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, fled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fad, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Ltverpoole to and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster-, and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. , in the same County: And that Mr. Brereion, Mr. and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance of Rickard Ki/Jka j

Ordered, That the said Rickard do attend this House, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That William Tat ton of Milbank, Westminster, do attend , this House, upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of \\ ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr- Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee *0 move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itielfintoa Committee of the wholc House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Thfe other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty 1

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how life -Money-given for the Service of the Year 1745, hath been dil-posed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 17th Day of February 1745, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge For Transport Service, for the Year 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, between the Fird January 1744, and 3id December 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Edimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it dood on the 31 d December 1745: And also,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3id of December 1744, to the 3 id of December 1745, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mudered, in the Service.

And the Titles of the said Edimate and Account were read.

The said Edimate and Account are as follow; viz.

Y Navy*

Navy Debt.

Account of Seamen employed.

8$ 2.8° Fehruafil. . A* i74$*

Na*y-Office# 7 Act ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's Nav?, ori the Heads hwwfter-24th February 1745. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1745*

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES. Particular*. TOTAL.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports: £. s. £ *

Pue, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof - - -To pay off and discharge Bills, registered . on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, lie. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1745, 48 all'o to 661,341 10 — 14,181 6 10 > < > 1,290,693 I

several Bills of Exchange ----- - To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary - - - - For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establrfli merit, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf 192,271 15 2 397,820 25,078 1 3 J

Seamen's Wages: Due, to pay the Men, Idc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay dh the aforesaid 31st December 1745 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pir 439»Sl6 JS 4i 1,913,201 > 2,378,050 7 *5

lotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties toWidows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, lie. ----- - 25,032 12 5 J

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissionersi viz Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in -v

Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made Out on the aforesaid 31st December 1745 19,104 9 n 422,623 4 7 25,835 14 4 / > 547,667 *4 #

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ----- -- To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -- -- - 40,026 14 4 40,077 11 4

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz. Due, for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen, set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service m 68,146 3 s

The Total amounts to the Sum of Four million Two hundred and Eighty-four thousand Five hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-peny m m m 4,284,557 18 III

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Haness, as on the other Side m m 262,229 12 111

The Debt will then be Four million and Twenty-two thousand Three hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds and Six Shillings - P 4,022,328 6 —

N. B. In this Debt is included, for Freight of Transports, between ift January 1744, and 31st December 1745 -And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between ill January 1744, and 31st December 1745, amounts to - For which Sum of One hundred Fifty-one thousand Two hundred Thirty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence Half-peny, no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year; The Net Debt of the Navy will then be Three million Eight hundre thousand and Ninety-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Penc 96,478 19 2 54.753 9 3* :d and Seventy-one e Half-peny £. 151,232 8 5I 3,871,095 17 6*

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acwortkt J. ClevJ»Compton.

Memorandum .*

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

CT

fi)

O

r*

It

4a

Memorandum: THERE wo remaining in the Hinds of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1745,1* Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards-

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy;

In what TREASURERS Hand,.

Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire Executors of Thomas Clutterbuck Esquire Ex* of Sir Charles IVaver - - - - -William Corbett Esquire - - - - -Right Honourable Sir John Rufliout Baronet Right Hon. George Dodin^ton Esquire -

- { \

In MONEY.

In Money ——

D", towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen

In Money ——

D % towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen

In Money ——

D*, towards the Debt for Tick and wounded Seamen

In Money ——

D*, towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen

In Money -

D*, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen

In Money ——

D°> towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen

r Wear anti Tear, Ordinary and Transports

/ s. A.

4,489 l9 bh

- -

3 0 4*

2,21 1 '3 6

5 4 11 41

" "

8.747 *3 O I

99,212 1 al.

~ "

122,580 18 I I I

On the Heads of

Seamens Wages.

£. s. A. m 14 3f 307 6 ioj

4,912 14 ni 981 3 9t

6,376 4 2*

556 6

22,036 12 jof

i>745 ‘6 7

46 I 2 1 i

676 10 —

71,007 9 3I

6,09 3 10 J

n5'3'9 7 5

Virtual* A

£. s. A.

18 12 m m

*59 13 -oi}

25 *7 -7i}

101 14 m

1,841 17 1

22, I 8 I 11

24,3-9 6 ' 7

TOTAL

£. s. A. 4,928 13 6£

9,418 12 2

9,170 8 10

28,488 15 8

11,312 12 3}

198,910 10 5$

262,229 12 tit

, , _ , . , . , ri<? irty cue.i i , r the Sum of £ 216,789 u, \o{d. the Debt appeals thereby te

A'empituhlurn:a There having been received out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1746, before the 31 it 1715'

' be so much lets than waa actually incurred on the said'a itt ot December 1745.

VD

o

00

o

1

84 38* Februarii. — 3* Martii. A. 1745*

Navy-Office, 44th? Ah ACCOUNT of the Number of Sejmen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the February 1745. J 31st of December 1744, to the 31st of December 1745, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the honourable House of Commons, dated the 14th of February 1745.

Seamen. Soldiers and Marines, Part of Complement.

Borne. Muttered. Borne- Muttered.

January - 1744 47.31 41,617 6,334 5,839

February - m - - 45,890 41,296 6,301 5>89!

March - - 1745 45.399 42,581 6,501 6,272

April - - - 46,639 43.496 6,975 6,678

' May - L — 46,827 43.039 6.949 6,536

June m - - — 46,179 41,893 6,9+5 6,446

July - - * — 46,53! 42.185 6,890 6,416

August - - m — 47.245 43,339 6,892 6,449

September - - ' m — 47.323 43.394 6,901 6,402

October - - m — 47»*31 42,597 6,697 6,200

November - _ 47.022 44,556 6,686 6,177

December m - - — 47,004 42,692 6,724 6,186

561,201 512,685 80,795 75,492

Upon a Medium m 46,766 42,723 6,732 6,2y 1

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworth, J, ClevWill.

Alexander Geddes, J. Compton, Edward James Ofxald.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Anny; Ordered> That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to an<* make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock: on‘ And he moved the House accordingly:

And a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 30 Martii;

Anno i$* Georgii II41 Regis, 1745.

Praters.

Pan'ft ,» A/fR- Carew presented to the House, according to Wills and d.VJL Order, a Bill for allowing further Time for In-Deeds. rolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papitts; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Charitable A Petition of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of Corporation, industrious Poor, by affitting them with small Sums upon Pledges, at legal Interest, in General-Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, that several Members of the said Corporation have lately presented a Petition to this House, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Corporation, setting forth fully, and truly, the same and Circumstances of the said Corporation, in relation to their making a Call on the Proprietors of their Shares, and for other

14

Purposes in the said Petition mentioned; which Petition is ordered by this House to lie upon the Table: And that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Bringing in and Palling a Bill, according to the Prayer of the before-mentioned Petition, would be of great Use and Benefit to the Inhabitants of the Cities of London and -

Jler: And therefore praying, That the before-mem ioned Petition, together with this Petition, may be taken into Consideration, and such Relief given in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are subscribed, being Mernlxrs of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by affitting them with small Sums upon PJcdges.at legal Interest, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Proprietors of the said Corporation (which Petition was presented to the House upon the First Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion was made. and the Question being put, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Pledges, at legal Interest, in General-Court assembled (this Day presented to the House) be rejected.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Com - Wzv*

mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred t O and Meant* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Resolutions of this House, of the 24th of February instant, for laying certain Duties upon all CrownJ?late, or Flint Glals; and upon all Green and other

Class;

85

Supply.

Supply Bill) Coinage.

Army 5

Mutiny and Desertion.

19 Geo. II. 3° — 4

Glass; and upon Glass Bottles and Flasks imported, to be paid by the Importer or Importers thereof} and also for laying certain Duties upon all Metal, or Preparation (or by what other Name now or hereafter it may be cnlle.l) for the Making of Crown, Plate, or Flint, or White Glass, in Great Britain-, and upon all Metal, or Preparation, for making of Green Glass, or of all other Glass in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof; shall be extended to Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Crown, Plate, Flint, or White Glass, made in Great Britain or Ireland, a Drawback or Allowance of Nine Shillings and Four-pence per Hundred Weight, shall be made on Exportation thereof; and for all Green Glass made in Great Britain or Ireland, a Drawback or Allowance of 2 s. 4 d.per Hundred Weight.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which, upon Monday the 24th Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; and were then agreed to by the House, That they have Power to make Provision in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions which have been this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; and have been agreed to by the House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-six thousand Four hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Freight of Transports, between the First of 1744 and

31st of December 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-four thousand Seven hundred Fifty-three Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Half-pcny, be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of Victuak provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the ift of January 1744 and the 31st *745-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Nine hundred and Fifty Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year *745-

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Chetwynd presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, Vot. 25.

J Martii.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 40 die Martii 5 Anno 19* Georgii II" Regis, 1745.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act D'Aeth* to vest the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Estate*. Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir Narbrough Baronet, and his Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage-Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value, being fetded in Lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hales,

Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Burrel, Mr Evelyn,

Mr. Frederick, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Mr. OJbaldeston, Lord Geo.Sackville, Sir John,

Mr. Montague, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hunter, Lord

Admiral Vernon, Lord George Beauclerk, Mr. Carew, Sir

Tho. Wynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Pratt,

Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Proby, Mr. 'Walpole, Mr. Brookfbank, Major Selwyn, Lord Dupplin, Sir

Fra. Poole, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Mr. Mefjenden, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Packer, Mr. Drake,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. War bur-

ton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bowles, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Bennett-, and all the Members who serve. for the County of Kent, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The.House being informed, That Mr. Needier, Ac- DiHillation comptant-General of the Excise, attended at the Door; from Com, He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Tuns of Spirits made from Corn; and the Number of Tuns of Spirits made from Melasses or Sugar; and also what Quantity of Foreign Brandy hath been imported into this Kingdom for Seven Years last past; and likewise what Quantity of Spirits have been exported during that Time; distinguishing each Quality and Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of several other Petitions.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Bethnaj whom the Bill for explaining and amending an Act of Queen Parish* Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to make the Hamlet of Bethnal Green, in the Parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish-Church therein; and for raising a further Sum for compleating and finishing the said Church; and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet to raise a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already contracted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet; was committed; That the

Z Committee

86 4 Martii.1745.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout;, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Supply Bill t Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or-Duiits on Jer, a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Glass, &c. Dutjes Upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, therein to be mentioned; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties. And the dune was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Rolfs Estate. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifying and amending the Defects in a former Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Bayntun Bolt Esquire; and for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trusts of the said former Act: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Army t Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Corn-

Mutiny and mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punish-Deferuon. ing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill j , and which they had directed him to report to the

House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Law* against Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, & Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being, to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A. N° 1. Copy of the Minutes and Proceedings taken at, and upon, the Trial of Captain George Burrish, before the Court-Martial lately held at; and of all the Proceed-

ings relating the reunto A. N° 2. Copy of the Minutes and Proceedings taken at, and upon, the Trial of Captain Edmund Williams, before the Court-Martial lately held at Chatham-, and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto.

A. N° 3. Copy of the Minutes and Proceedings taken at, and upon, the Trial of Captain John Ambrose, before the Court-Martial lately held at Chatham-, and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto.

A. N° 4. Copy of the Minutes and Proceedings taken at, and upon, the Trials of Lieutenant Henry Page, Lieutenant Charles Davids, Lieutenant William Griffith, and Lieutenant Cornelius Smelt, before the Court-18

Martial lately held at Chatham-, and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Security of Commonalty of the Society of Merchants Adventurers Trade <jur-in the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was ‘"8 'Vjr-presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Interruption of the Navigation and Commerce of these Kingdoms has greatly increased, especially of late, by the frequent Captures of our Enemies, to the great Lois and Impoverishment of many of his Majesty's faithful Subjects, and the Diminution of the publick Revenue; and representing to the House, that unless the same be prevented for the future, it will be impossible for the Petitioners to carry on their Commerce; and that as many of our Ships have been taken by the Enemy near our own Coasts, the Petitioners apprehend that many of the Losses already sustained might have been prevented, if a sufficient Number of Ships of War had been constantly kept cruizing in proper Stations, and more frequent Convoys granted; which was Evident by the Experience of former Times, when an Act of Parliament, made in 1707, intituled, An Act for the better Securing the Trade of this Nation, by Cruizers and Convoy', was still in Force; and, as the Honour, Security, and Wealth of these Kingdoms, depend upon the Protection and Encouragement of Trade, and the improving and increasing the naval Strength; therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Regulating Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second the Militia^ time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to continue the Duties for Encouragement of Supply BHI| the Coinage of Money, was read a Second time. Coinage.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Mr. Sydenham reported from the Committee, who are Commice* appointed to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous on

Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Smuggling. Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; that he was directed by the Committee, to move the House, That the said Committee may have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to report their Proceedings from time to time to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Kem. lynte, Mr. Fellowes, Severn Mr. Melliffi, Mr. Dighy, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Winford, River. Mr. Palmer-, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill to amend, and make more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the 8th, intituled, An Act for the Preserva-tion of the River Severn, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast or Rubbish into any Haven,

Road, Channel, or River, flowing, or running to any Port-Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this Realm, is committed.

The

ewcaring.

Papers respecting certain Courts Martial.

19 Geo. II.

4" — 5° — 6° Martii.

g7

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Duties for

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Yeomen and Farmers, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, concerned in the Growth of Corn; and of several other Petitions;

Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Comrrvittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several A mend-

whole

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two rnents thereunto; which they had directed him to report, '"n ' when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Holt'* 1 dates.

Army;

Sri utiny and Deter tiou.

Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the House, to consider further of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Dili from the Lords, intituled, An Act for rectifying and amending the Defeats in a former Act of Parliament, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Bayntun Roll Esquire; and for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trusts of the said former Act; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morraw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriit 5* die Martii;

Anno 19° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

0R.D ERED, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion} and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevc-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A'

Supply Bill; Datin on Glafi. &c.

JulHcfi of Peace Quali£utiocft

Supply-

Bat;

A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, therein to be mentioned; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates nd Duties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace: And that Mr. fVhichcoie and Mr. Wilkinson do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted ;to lire Majesty;

Resolved', That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the V01. 25.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 6° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

BILL to amend and render more effectual the Laws against Laws in being, to prevent profane Curling and c"rfin8 and Swearing, was read a Second time. wearing.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Major Selwyn, Mr. IVode-house, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Houblon, Sir Daniel Lambert,

Mr. Saville, Mr. Phimptre, Mr. Hopton, Mr. Cornewall,

Mr. Benjamin Rathurst, Mr. tVinford, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hales, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Alderman Heath-cote, Sir James Grant, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Proby, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Drake, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Rovoney, Lord Perceval, Mr.

Burrell, Sir John Barnard, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. James Grenville, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Harris, Mr. tVirtley.

Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Palmer; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Fan, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- Coioage. tinue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining and amending an Act of Parliament, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Aftto make the Hamlet of Bethnal-Green, in the Parish of St. Step-

ney, in the County of Middlesex, a separate and distinct Parish; and for erecting a Parish-Church therein; and for raising a further Sum for compleating and finishing the said Church t and to enable the Inhabitants of the said Hamlet to raise a certain Sum of Money for Payment of Debts already contracted for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hamlet; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill;

Prefsy. L. 22. To leave out, after the Word "or," the Words " the Trustees appointed, or to be appointed " by."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ‘ be. An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Bethnal-Green, in the County of to com-

pleat

Bethtti

Green

Parish*

88 6 % — 7® — 10° Martii. A. 1745.

pleat their Church; and to pay Debts already contracted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Paper* re. Ordered, That the Copies of the Sentences of the Court-spefiiag cer- Martial, held upon the Trials of Captain George Burrish, J5J 9?urt* Captain Edmund WilliamsCaptain John Ambrose, Lieu-rt ' tenant Henry Page, Lieutenant Charles Davids, Lieute-

nant William Griffith, and Lieutenant Cornelius Saie//, pre-len ted to the House, upon the Tenth Day of December last; and also. Copies of the Minutes and Proceedings taken at, and upon, the Trials of Captain George Captain Edmund Williams, Captain John , Lieu-

tenant Henry Page, Lieutenant Charles Davids, Lieutenant William Griffith find Lieutenant Cornelius before

the Court Martial lately held at Chatham $ and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto, presented to the House upon Tuesday last; be printed.

Lord An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^Frt^00'* ^or £‘v'nS Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount £ "* Grimston, to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in Lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Grimston Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to Committee enquire into the causesof the most infamous Practice of <* SmujgUm-Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice, and to report their Opinion therein to the House; have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, Nemine contradicenle. That Leave be given prevention to bring in a Bill more effectually to prevent the infa- of mous Practice of Stock-jobbing: And that Sir John Bar- *°ik iobbio*>-nard. Sir John Rushout, and Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Whichcote presented to the House, according to Just Ices of Order, a Bill to enlarge the Time for Justices of the P'"ce Peace to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act made in c*t'° the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Security of Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according to Trade daring Order, a Bill for the better protecting and securing the War* Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in Times of War: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 70 die Martii;

Anno 19s Georgii Ildi Regis, 1745.

Praters.

Severn A/TR. Mackworth reported from the Committee, to

River. JlYJL whom the Bill to amend, and make more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the 8th, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the River Severn, whch re r lates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast, or Rub-,1 bish, into any Haven, Road, Channel, or River, flowing or

running to any Port-Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this Realm, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause "A," being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause " A," another of the said Amendments, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Papists A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Wills and Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Deed*.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- 1

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill i to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates ®* *

and Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, therein to be mentioned; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make void all Bargains now made or to be made, within a Time therein to be limited, for the Delivery of Glass at any future Time.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunay 10° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii II> Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill to continue the Duties for Encoti- Snaply BX;

ragement of the Coinage of Money, was read the Coin*. Third time.

Resolved,

Supply Bill; Duties on Glafe, See.

Committee

ou

Sampling.

A»my; Mutiny and Desertion.

Address for

Account of Army Contingencies

19 Geo. It.

Martii.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money.

Ordered, That Mr. Chetwynd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, therein to be mentioned; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause for obviating iome Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt Duties, granted and continued to his Majesty, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fan etook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 11* Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii II*1* Regis, 1745. Praters.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Woollen Manufacturers, Farmers, Renters, tdc. in the Parish of Bampton, in the County of Devon, and the Parishes adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Decay of the Woollen Manufactories, owing, as the Petitioners believe, to the Exportation of the Wool of Great Britain and Ireland to Foreign Countries unmanuGtftured; and recommending an universal Registry of Wool, proposed some time fnce to be carried on by a parochial Service annually chosen under a proper Inspection, subject to the Determination of Juries of Gentlemen and Tradesmen, their Neighbours, in all Cases of Dispute, as most agreeable to the Constitution of a free People, and the fittest Means of preventing the great Evil complained of: And therefore praying. That the House will take thele Things into their Consideration, and afford such Relief as may seem most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling; and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Direction^, that there may be laid before this House, an Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by Yol. 25.

Parliament for Contingencies of the Army in Great Britain, for the Years 1743, and 1744, distinguishing the particular Services to which such Money has been applied and by what Authority.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

An ingrafted Billfrom the Lords, intituled, An Act for R°lt'» rectifying and amending the Defects in a former Act Estate* of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Bayntun Roll Esquire; and for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trusts of the said former Act; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord plin. Sir John Gordon, Lord Inchiquin, Lord Perceval, Mr.

Cary, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir James Grant, Mr.

Mr. Lewis Mr. Fane, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. ton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Torke, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Carteret, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Neale, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Conolly, Mr.

General Onslow, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Arf-cot, Mr. Harris, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Finch,

Sir Wm. Corbel, Sir Thomas Read, Mr. Bennett, Mr. West,

Sir Watk. Wms. Wynne, Mr. Nugent, General j

Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Edgcumb, Lord Hillsborough, Mr. Bris-tow. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Reynolds, Lord Doneraile; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, refu med the adjourned Severn Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to E*yer-whom the Bill to amend and make more effectual a Clause in an Act, made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the River Severn, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast, or Rubbish, into any Haven, Road, Channel, or River, flowing or running to any Port-Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this Realm, was committed.

And Clause " A," which, upon Friday last, was read a Second time, being the last of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Papilt* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds Deedfc and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees and Lessees;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee of the whole goppjY Bjj , House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty Duties on several Rates and Duties upon Glass, and Spirituous Li- Glafe, Sec. quors, therein to be mentioned; and for raffing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

A a Tellers

90 na — i2a — i^0 Martii. 4$.

TdtafcMhT-#} 39

TCers forth. Noes}

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, werd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 12° Martii j Anno 190 Georgii ILdi Regis, 1745.

Praybrs.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ^pa0Urt,$ vc^'n8 *n Simon Lord Viscount certain Lands te in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled in Lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

State of the Ordered, That Sir John Mr. Vyner, Admiral Land Forces. Vernon., Sir James Grant, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr.

Periam, Mr. Drake, Mr. Robert , Mr. War bur-

ton Mr. Affleck, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Saville, Mr. Pytts, Major Sir John Barrington;

be added to the Committee appointed to considerof the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of Muttering and Recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

D'Aeth's Mr. Hales reported from the Committee, to whom the

JLftate. ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to veil the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir Narbrough Baronet, and his

Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage-Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value, being settled in Lieu thereof, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harcourt'* for vetting in Simon Lord Viscount Harcourt certain Bftate. Lands in Ducklington. in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled in Lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Laws against Mr. Carey) reported from the Committee, to whom Curling and the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws Swearing. jn being to prevent profane Curling and Swearing, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had madefeveralAmendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and several of the Amend-

ments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Quefliort severally put thereupon, with Amendments to tome of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply, next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ndMcaa*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcote have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace Justices of to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act, made in the P«ce last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend <*S, Ufic*uo'*-and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

MR. Nor borne Berkeley reported from the Committee, Oloocester, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose *« Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and others, living near, or usually travelling through the Road leading from the City of Gloucester to the Village of Stone; and also the Roads to and near Berkeley,

Durftey, Wootton-Underedge, Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the said Roads, was produced, and Part thereof read; whereby it appeared, that the Trustees in the said Act named were impowered to order Turnpikes to be erected in or cross the said Roads, as they (ltould fee convenient; and there to take and receive such Tolls and Duties as are in the said Act mentioned, to be applied for and towards repairing the said Roads.

And the said Trustees were by the said Act impowered to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, for carrying on the Repairs: And they borrowed Money from time to time for that Purpose.

That by the said Act the Tolls and Duties were to take Place from the 24th Day of June 1726, and have Continuance only for the Term of Twenty-one Years; which Term is near expiring.

Mr. James Reeves produced, and laid before the Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursemcnis of the said Trustees; by which it appeared, that the Money arising by the Tolls and Duties, and also the Money

borrowed

l

16 Geo. If. 13s Martii. pr

borrowed, had been duly applied, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act. And,

Mr. Joseph Mathews being called, and examined, said, That all the Roads directed to be amended by the said Act, are far from being sufficiently repaired; nor will it be possible to amend the same effectually, unless the Tolls and Duties, and the Powers granted by the said Act, be continued and enlarged fora further Term of Years.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to Stone; and also the Roads to and near , Wootton-"Under-

edge, Stroud, and Sodbury, in the county of ;

and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Chester, Mr.

Benjamin Bathurst, and Mr. John Selwyn senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account nf The House being informed. That Mr from

Kominces for Exchequer, attended at the Door;

ents. pje was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Nominees upon Survivorship, that died between Midsummer 1693, and C 1745.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as follows;

An Account shewing the total Number of Nominees for Life-Rents, which were given into the Exchequer, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise, upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for freuring certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to sech Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of Ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France; and also the Number of such of the said Nominees as are dead; distinguishing the Number which died in every respective Year, from the first Nomination to Christmas last, so far as relates to the Nominees for Life-Rents, entitled to the Benefit of Survivorship; viz.

Died from Midsummer 1693, to

Christmas 1693 — 4 Christmas 1723 — 15

1694 — 16 1724 — 13

1695 — 7 *7*5-3

1696 — 13 1726 — 12

1697 — 12 1727 — 11

1698 — 6 1728 — 20

1699 — 13 1729 — 9

1700 — 16 1730 — 20

1701 — 10 »73i — i5

1702 — 15 ‘ *73a-i5

' 1703 — 9 1733 — 14

1704 — 17 1734 — 12

17 °S — *5 *735 — 9

1706 — 19 1736 — 12

1707 — 16 *737 — 7

1708 — 17 *738 — 9

1709 — !5 1739 — 15,

1710 — 14 1740 — 18

1711 — 21 1741 — 12

1712 — 16 1742 — 12

1713 — 19 *743 — 8

1714 — >7 *744 — *3

1715 — 16 *745 — 5

1716 — 21

1717 — 8 Nominees dead - - 720

1718- j Nominees living at 7

1719 — 19 Christmas 1745 J 2^3

1720 — 11 Total N umber of 7

1721 — 16 Nominees - - y 1,013

1722 — 18

VOL, t$.

Memorandum: The Duties in the above-mentioned Act were granted for a Term of Ninety-nine Years, subject to pay to the several Contributors certain Annuities for Lives: Those Annuities were of a two-fold Nature; that is to lay, Every Contributor had his Option, either to have' an Annuity of £. 14. per Annum only, or an Annuity of £.7. per Annum with the Benefit of Survivorship, for and during his own or any other Person's Life, to be named by him:

Far the greatest Number of the said Annuitants chose to take£. 14. per Cent, certain; the rest thought it would turn to better Account to take £.7.

Cent, with the Benefit of Survivorship.

The Number of Nominees that have died, from the first Nomination to Christmas 1745, upon the Annuities, with the Benefit of Survivorship, is set forth in the above Account; but as to the Nominees upon the £.14. per Cent, who have died within that Time,

'tis impossible to ascertain their Number, for the Realbns following; viz.

Soon after the granting the aforesaid jf.14. per Cent.

Annuities for Lives, several Acts of Parliament passed, which gave Liberty to purchase the Rever-lions of those Annuities.

The Purchasers of such Reversions had Orders made out to pay them such and such Annuities as were mentioned in the Life-orders after the Death of the Nominees for Life; and, as many of those Purchasers were also Proprietors of the Orders for Life, they chose rather to receive their respective Annuities, upon, and by virtue of, their reversionary Orders, than be at the needless Trouble of producing Certificates of the Lives of their several Nominees, every time their Annuities became due, having, after such Reversionary Purchase, a just Claim to those Annuities for a long Term of Years then and yet to come; so that from thenceforward no Cer- -

tificates, either of Life or Death, were, or could be, required at the Exchequer; and consequently no Return can be made of the Deaths that never came to Knowledge.

Exchequer, 13th March 1745. J. Dawson.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Regulating' the Bill for the better regulating of Pawnbrokers, was P*wnbrokers committed. That the Committee had examined the Trade. Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-: verally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to ^,'^eth'* vest the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir NarbroughD' Aeth Baronet, and his

Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value, being settled in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolvei, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty several Supply Bill; Rates and Duties upon Glass and Spirituous Liquors, qi^uc, therein to be mentioned; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; was read the Third time.

An

t^-

92 13d — 140 Mar til 1745.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Press 14. L. 15. To leave out the Words, " then next " ensuing:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glass and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, Lr the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt-duties, granted and continued to his Majestyby an Act of the !aft Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Contrafts for Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Purdufe of avoid certain Contracts for the Purchase of Glass and Gla&. Glass Bottles: And that Mr. IVkite, the Lord

Mr. Ord, Mr. Fane, and Sir Henry Lyddell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Call of the The Order of the Day being read, for the Attendance House. of Sir John Chester Baronet, Harry , Esquire, Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, George Chaffin Esquire, Thomas Masters Esquire, Peter Legh Esquire, Sir John Act ley,

Baronet, Sir Edward Seymour Baronet, William,

Esquire, and George Barlow Esquire;

And the Names of the said Members being called over, they severally appeared; except Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, and George Barlow Esquire j who were excpfed upon account of lilness.

Laws against The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the ^$weann*nd a4j°urne(l Consideration of the Report from the Com-w n"s' mittee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being to prevent profane Curling and Swearing, was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Ord er of the Day being read; justices of The House resolved itself into, a Committee of the Peace whole House, upon the Bill to enlarge the Time for qualification. justices of the Peace to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whichcote took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whichcote reported from the Obmmittee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, ft. £ die Martii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

livefpoole, A/FR. Brereton presented to the House, -according to

ac. Roads. 1VX Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to Prefect, and other Roads therein-mentioned, in the County

14

Palatine of Lancaster\ and for amending the Road lead* ing from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to State of the consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma- Land Force*, rines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, hare Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *nd Mcm* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day was read, for resuming the Law*a®*5nft adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- Curling and mittee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more &WfcmnS' effectual the Laws in being to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing, was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr.

Bemet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pafifed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Crabb'*

enable Henry Crabb, and his Heirs Male, to take and use Name,

the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bethnal for enabling the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of - Green Parish,

Green, in the County of Middlesex, to compleat their Church; and to pay Debts already contracted for Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Consideration Law* against of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Curling and to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being Swearing, to prevent profane Cursing and Swearing, was committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt common Soldiers, Sailors, and Seamen, refusing to pay the Penalty imposed for profane Cursing or Swearing, and the Colts of Prosecution, and from the Punishment of being committed to the House of Correction; and, instead thereof, to infiift on them another Punishment.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Whichcote reported from the Committee of the jufi;cn of whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Time for Peace Justice of the Peace to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act

litiaec

-J

Account of Army Coatiuge&cies.

Gkmcester,

Ac.

Roads.

Crabb'f

Name.

Lord

Harcourt'i

bibu.

1

19 Geo. II. 140 — 170 Martiu

Ad, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingioffed.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for Contingencies of the Army in Great Britain, for the Years 1743 and 1744, distinguishing the particular Services to which such Money has been applied, and by what Authority, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Nor borne Berkeleypresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone-, and also the Roads to and near , Durfley, Wootton-

Underedge', Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of

Gloucester; and for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Nor borne Berkeley have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the faitl Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfier have Leave to make a

Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Crabb, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luncs, 17° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Simon Lord Viscount Harcourt certain Lands in Ducklington, in the County of discharged from the Trulls limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read-a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carezv, Mr. Mackworth, Major SelzvynSir Henry Liddell, Mr.

Rcwney, Colonel BoJ'cawcn, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Mr. Packer, Sir Francis Poole, Admiral Dr.

Cotes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Vol. 25.

Sydenham, Mr. Drake, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir James Grant, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Prowse, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Warburton, Mr. IVinford, Mr. Heathcote,

Sir John Cust, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pytls, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxford, Bucks, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Time for Justices of Justices of the Peace to qualify themselves, pursuant to an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Bill:

Prels 1. L. Penult. After " of," and before "Peace," to insert " the:"

L. ult. After " not," to insert taken and " subscribed."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace to take and subscribe the Oath directed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcote do curry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Addrefc for Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report made to his Majesty upon the 24th Day of January 1744, by the General Officers, to whom his Majesty was pleased to refer a Memorial of the Colonels of the Four last-raised Regiments of Marines, together with a Copy of the Warrant or Warrants signed by his Majesty, for clearing the said Four Regiments.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's Moll honourable Privy-Council.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulating of Pawn- Regelating brokers, was read the Third time. P*Trade.*"

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better regulating of Pawnbrokers.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and make more effectual, Severn a Clause in an Act, made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the River Sever*, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballad or Rubbish into any Haven, Road, Channel, or River, flowing or running to any Port-Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this Realm, was read the Third time.

A Clause was offered to be added, by way of Rider, to the Bill, for subjecting to the Penalties imposed on Offenders, the Mailers of Ships or Vessels, out of which Ballad or Rubbifti shall appear to have been thrown, where Proof cannot be made who committed the Fad.

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That an Extract out of the Establishment of P«p«r» re-Guards and Garrisons, for the Service of the Year 1704, fP'flfag the

Bb

as

Army.

94 *7° — J8° Martii. A. 1745*

9s far as the same relates to the Pay and Charges of Six Regiments of Soldiers, raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, fcfc. which Extract was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of November 1739, be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That the Establishment for Six Marine Regiments, Anno 1704, which Establishment was presented to the House upon the 30th Day of November 1739, be referred to the said Committee,

linft

and

The Order of the Day being read j The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Clause, which, upon Friday last, was offered to be added to the Bill to amend and render more effectual the Laws in being to prevent profane Curling and Swearing.

And the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis18° Martii;

Anno 19° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

P It A Y I R S.

MR: Moufon presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of rc-Ipited Pay, for the Year 1741: And also.

An Account of respited Pay for the Year 1742.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are- bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

A Petition of severalof the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 12 th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to and other Roads

therein mentioned, in the Coilnty Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read} letting forth, That by the said Act, a certain Road therein mentioned, leading from a Place called B through Roby

Town, and Tzvigg-Lar.e, into the said Road between Liverpooie and Prefcot, is directed to be amended; but that little or nothing has been yet done towards repairing thereof: That the Petitioners now find it will be mote for the Conveniency and Accommodation of Passengers to repair a Road leading from Blacklowbrow through Roby Town, over Broad-Greenand through Lane, into Prejcoi-Lane, to the present Turnpike-

Causey there, instead of the last mentioned Road lo directed to be repaired by the said former Act: And therefore, and in regard a Bill is now depending before this House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill, now depending, for repairing the said Road leading from Bla, through Roby Town, over Broad-Green, and through,

into Prefcot-Lane, to the Turnpike Causey, instead of the

Road aforesaid, which was mentioned in, and directed to be amended by, the said former Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brereton, Sir Richard bett, Mr. Harris, Mr. Ro/le, Mr. Sir James

Grant, Mr. Fere, Mr. LafcMr. Vaughan, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mujfenden, Mr. Owen, Lord Perceval, Sir John Cuji, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Torke, Mr. Steuart, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Hay, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Brand, Mr. , Mr.

Campbell, Mr. (Vkichcote, Sir Henry Calthorpe, Mr. Cernewall, Mr. Pytts, Major , Mr. Gore, Mr. Hales, Admiral Vernon-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Cumberland, Westmorland, and Salop: And th;y are to meet this Afternoon at Five Qf the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And the Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by ' an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to; and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, DurJJey, Wootton-Underedgt, Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of j and for

making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr, Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Pratt, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Major Selwyn, Mr. Scot, Mr. Craigie, Mr. Mr. Torke, Sir James

Grant, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Owen, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Geo. , Mr. Dun-

combe, Lord Barrington, Mr. Mr. Hayward,

Mr. Chester, Mr. Selzvyn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. John

Pitt, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Comewa/l, Mr. Montague, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Cull, iVJr. Dr, Lord Perceval, Mr. Carew, Mr. Gore, Lord Deerhurji, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Powlett, Lord Bateman, Lord John Murray, Ad-

miral Vernon, Mr. Crowle; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and South (Vales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

18

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurslon, and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving further Time to execute an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act librextinguishinga Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right; without any Amendment: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for establishing Articles of Agreement for an Inclosure and Division of the Common Fields, Wastes, and Common Grounds, in the Manor of in the County of

York , and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor

t®

Liverpool? &c. llotds.

Supply Bill Coinage.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Ripon,

See.

Inclosure,

Kelfield

luciofiare*

Crabb's

Name.

Liverpoole, Icc. Roads.

Papers rc-

spefting the Army.

Regulating the Militia.

Security of Trade during War-

19 Geo. II, i$° — itfMartii. 95

to raile Money to complete the said Inclosure; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Crabby and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr. Williams, Mr. Rowney, Mr.

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Drake, Mr. PlumMr. Mr.

Tor he, Mr. Brand, Lord Dupp Lord Baltimore, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hill, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Hay, Sir Henry thorpe, Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis Dajkwood, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Prow/e, Sir Charles Mr. Duncombe,

Mr. Lascelles, Admiral Vernon, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Douglas, Lord Deerhwrjl, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to and other Hoads

therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gildart, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. Ilarrifon, Mr Rolle, Mr. WiHanfon, Sir James Grant, Mr. Vere,

Mr. fVilfon, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mufjendett, Mr. Speke, Mr. Mr.

Mr. IVhichcote, Mr. Owen, Lord Baltimore, Sir Edmund

Thomas, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fox, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Town/ Mr. Young, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Neale, Mr. French, Sir Corbett, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Martin, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Lev, Gower, Mr. West, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Mtllish, Sir John Cust, Sir John Crojje, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Fazaketiey, Sir Francis Dajkwood, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Carew, Sir Henry Calthorpe, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Legge, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Prow ft, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Southwell, Lord Perceval, Mr. War burton. Major Selwyn; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, ITiat he will be graciously plealed to give Di-rediors, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report made to his Majesty by tire General Officers, to whom was referred the Complaint made by Governor Mathews, that the Regiment commanded by Lieutenant General Dalzel was not complete.

Ordered, That the said Add rets be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's Most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the better proteding and securing the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, in Times of War, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Vol. 25.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcUtrsfOTlheYe^"g-;.. }

]»*

So it paired in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees and Lessees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIji Regis, 1745. PlAYEK s.

THE Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ratifying and amending the Defects in a former Adf of Parliament, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Bayntun Roll Esquire; and for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trusts of the said former Act; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfk&ion of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thvrfton, and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lorels have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon GUIs, and upon Spirituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating some Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt-duties, granted and continued to his Majesty, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace to take and subscribe the Oath directed by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act:, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace, with* cut any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Stamp-duty, granted by an Act of the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein-mentioned, the additional Duties upon Stainpt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act, passed in the

lath

Papists Deeds and

Wills.

Rolf* E flats;

Supply Bill 7 Duties oiy Glas*.

tufticCs of P'eacc Qualification.

Account of Siamp-duty*

6 19° Martii. A. 1745*

12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and how the same has been applied.

Royal A (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William to Bill*. j"0Mi Deputy Gentlenun-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Glals, and upon Sprituous Liquors; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; and for obviating feme Doubts about making out Orders at the Exchequer, for the Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Salt-duties, granted and continued to his Majesty, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament:

An Act to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the Coinage of Money:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: An Act for the more eafyand speedy Trial of fetch Persons as have levied, or shall levy, War against his Majesty; and for the better ascertaining the Qualifications of Jurors, in Trials for High Treamn, or Misprision of Treason, in that Part of Great called Scotland:

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for regulating Elections within the City of London; and for preserving the Peace, good Order, and Government, of the said City, as relates to the Making or Palling of Acts, Orders, or Ordinances, in Common Council:

An Act to enlarge the Time for Justices of the Peace to take and subscribe the Oathdireded by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from Market Harborough to , in the County of Leicester; and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Hamlet of Bethnal-Green, in the County of Middlesex, to complete their Church; and to pay Debts already contracted, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Hamlet:

An Act for giving Power to the Sons of William Lord Viscount Grimfion to make Jointures on their respective Marriages, in lieu of a defective Power contained in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Samuel Grimston Esquire, deceased:

An Act to veil the Manor of Ruxley, in the County of Kent, and several Lands there, in Sir Narborough D' Aeth Baronet, and His Heirs, discharged of the Uses in his Marriage-Settlement, other Lands in the said County, of greater yearly Value, being settled in lieu thereof: An Act for confirming and establishing Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields, within the Parish of in

the County of Berks:

An Act for giving further Time to execute an Act, made in the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for extinguishing a Right of Common, claimed by, and belonging to, the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Burgages and Tenements in Ripon, Littlethorpe, and Bondgate, in the County of York; and for settling and providing an Equivalent for the said Common Right:

An Act for establishing Articles of Agreement for an Inclosure and Division of the Common Fields, Waite, and Common Grounds, in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York; and for impowering the Lord of the said Manor to raise Money to complete the said Inclosure:

An Act for rectifying and amending the Defects in a former Act of Parliament, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for Sale of Part of the Estate of EdzvardBayntun Roll Esquire; and for the better and more effectual Execution of the Trulls of the said former Act.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Laws *ga?nit the Laws in being to prevent profane Curling and Swear- Curling and ing, was read the Third time. Swearing.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act more effectually to prevent profane Curling and Swearing.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Serna adjourned Debate upon the Clause which, upon Monday iver‘ last, was offered to be added to the ingrossed Bill to amend, and make more effectual, a Clause in an Act, made in the'34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of th^ River Severn, which relates to the preventing the Throwing of Ballast or Rubbish mt > any Haven, Road,

Channel, or River, flowing or running to any Port-Town, or to any City, Borough, or Town, within this Realm;

Ordered, That the Debate be further adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply,

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to W*y* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean#* consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole papifi*

House, upon the Bill for allowing further Time for In- Deed* and rolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Will*. Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Leflfees.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several -Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

‘9

nEO.

II.

20° — 21

Martii.

97

yovis3 20* die;

Anno 190 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

Liverpool?, A f R. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom XV J. the Petition offeveral of the Trustees, whole Names Ro^ds. are t|iercunt0 subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to , and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of

caster, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Was read; and is as follows; 1

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Yate; being examined, said, That by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Fower Was given to repair a certain Road therein mentioned, leading from a Place called Blacklowbrow, through Roby Town and into the said Road, between Liverpoole and; but

that nothing has hitherto been done by the Commissioners appointed to put that Ad in Execution, towards the Repairing of Twigg-Lane.

That it will be more for the Conveniency of Passengers to repair a Road which leads from Blacklowbrow through Roby Town, over Broad Green, and through Lane into Prefcot-Lane, to the present Turnpike Causey, than to repair the said Road through Twigg-Lane.

In support of the last Part of Mr. Evidence,

Mr. John Eyes produced a Map of the said Road; whereby it appeared to the Committee, that the repairing the Road from Roby Town, aver Broad-Green, through Pettycoat-Lane, would greatly tend to the Convenience and Accommodation of Passengers.

And he added further, That it wsts impossible to repair the said Road, by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to cot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Laricafier\ and for amending the Road leading from Prefect to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County; is committed; That they have Power to make Protifion in the said Bill for repairing the Road from Blacklowbrow, through Roby Town, over Broad-Green, and through Pettycoat-Lane, into Prefcot-Lane, to the present Turnpike Causey there, instead of the Road from Roby Town, through Twigg-Lane, into;

being Part of the Road directed to be repaired by the former Act.

Upway

Inclosure.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Papists* Committee of the whole House, to whom the BUI for al- Dee* and lowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills Will*, made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers,

Devisees, and Lessees; Was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was tead; and the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Catew preferred to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing several Common Fields and Common Grounds, in the Parish of Upway, in the County of Dorset: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Sydenham, from the Committee appointed to en- Committee quire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of on, Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods Smuggling, to prevent the said Practice, and to report their Opinion therein to the House, reported, That the said Committee, having enquired into some Causes of the said Practice, and considered of some Methods for Prevention thereof, had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide ration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That papers their Address of Monday last, That his Majesty would be respecting graciously pleased to give Directions:, that there be laid ‘he Army, before this House, a Copy of the Report made to his Majesty, upon the 44th Day of January 1744, by the General Officers, to whom his Majesty was pleased to refer a Memorial of the Colonels of the Four last raised Regiments of Marines, together with a Copy of the Warrant or Warrants for clearing the said Four Regiments; and also, their Address of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report made to his Majesty by the General Officers, to whom was referred the Complaint made by Governor Mathews, that the Regiment commanded by Lieutenant-General Dalzel was not compleat; had been severally presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he Will give Directions accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 21° die Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii lidi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Devon Writ.

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a neV Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of Theophilus Fortescue Esquire, deceased.

Paper* re- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his speaing the Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-Marine reftions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of

Forces. the Instructions to the Commissary-General of the Ma-

rines; and also, a Copy of his Majesty's Rules and Instructions for the better Government of his Marine Forces.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

VOL. 25.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to state of the consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma- Land Force*, rines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and die Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

C c Mr.

98 2i° — 240 A. 1745.

Mr. Speaker,

Earl of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vivipll'a Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of in the

ates. County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Inland, for discharging Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Translation of his Majesty's Ratification of the Treaty concluded at Worms, the September 1743; which Translation was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of January 1743; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Translation of a* Treaty, concluded at Whitehall, the 17th April 1744, with the Elector of Mentz; which Translation was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1744; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Translation of a Treaty, signed at Whitehall, the 27th April 1744, with the Elector of Cologne; which Translation was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1744; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-and Meant. ing next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Earl of An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fingall'* for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Fingall, in filiates. County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, fordif-charging Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunes, 24° Martii;

Anno 19* Georgii IP' Regis, 1745. Prayers,

/ORDERED, That Mr. Fitz Roy, Mr. George Karcoiiri'* tague, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Edzoard Bofcawen, Mr. fiflatr. Denzill Onslow, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Butler, Mr. Hayward, Lord Perceval, Mr. West, Mr. Archer, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Wynne, be added to the Committee, to whom an ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled.

An Act for vesting in SimonHarcourt certain Lands in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart, with Sufunnah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof; is committed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Papers rr-suant to several Addresses to his Majesty, speding the

A Copy of the Report made to his Majesty by the Arin>-General Officers, to whom was referred the Complaint made by Governor Mathews, that the Regiment commanded by Lieutenant-General Dalzel was not compleat.

Copy of the Secretary at'War's Letter to Lieutenant-General Dalzel, dated 13d Augiifl 1 744.

Copy of the Memorial to his Majesty of the Colonels of the Four last raised Regiments of Marines.

Copy of the Report made to his Majesty, upon the 24th Day of January 1744* by the General Officers, to whom his Majesty was pleated to refer a Memorial of the Colonels of the Four last raised Regiments of Marines.

Copy of Mr. Ofbom's Letter to Mr. Lloyd, dated 2 2d April 1745.

Copy of Mr. Lloyd*s Letter to Thomas Corbett Esquire, dated 3d April 1745.

Copy of the Warrant for making out Debentures for the Pay of the Four last raised Regiments of Marines, to the 24 December 1742.

Rules and Instructions for the better Government of his Majesty's Marine Forces.

State of the Dutch Forces, under the Command of the Right Honourable Ficld-Marshal Wade, as reviewed at the Camp near Doncaster, the 18th OElcber 1745, and

returned to the Duke of Newcastle.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the Eight first of the said Papers be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, lb far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That the last of the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, who importation were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or of Printed near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, Boolt*. which of them are fit to be revived or continued, That the Committee had enquired accordingly; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in;

and for repealing io much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books, as relates to the prohibit ing the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written and printed in Great Britain', which was to continue in force from the 29th Day of September 1739, for the Space of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. West,

Mr.

19 Geo. II. 240 Martii.

Mr. Carew, and Mr. Winford, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Account of The House being informed, That some of the Com-Stamp.Jutus. mjflioners Gf die Stamp-duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the additional Stamp duty, granted by an Act of the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon Stampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act of the 12th Year of his late Majesty King George the First.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read:

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

State of the Ordered, That Mr. Edmund Thomas, Mr. , Mr.

Land Forces. John York, Colonel Holme, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Wynne, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Knight, Mr. Cope, be added to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

Manufacture Mr. fVhichcote reported from the Committee, to whom

of Sail-cloth, Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, inhabitants of and the Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the county of ; and also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House $ and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Evidence was as follows:

By an Act of Parliament, made in the 12th Year of Queen Anne, for the better Encouragement of the Mak-

ing of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and continued by several subsequent Acts, it is enacted, That over and above all other Duties already payable upon foreign-made Sails and Sail-cloth, or Canvas, usually entered as Hollands-Duck, or Vitery Canvas, which shall be fit to be made use of for Malang of Sails for Ships, and which shall be imported into Great , by way of

Merchandize, except Canvas of the Product and Manufacture of Ireland, there should be paid unto her Majesty a further Duty of One Peny per Ell.

The Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of BritiskSail-cloth, and which has since been continued by subsequent Acts, directs. That, after the 24th of June 1736, all foreign-made Sail-cloth or Canvas, usually entered as Hollands-Duck, or Vitery-Canvas, proper for the Making of Sails for navigating Ships and Vessels, and imported byway of Merchandize, and for which Duties have been granted, shall be damped, at the Time of Landing, with a Stamp denoting the Place or Country from whence the said foreign-made Sail-cloth or Canvas was imported, and with such an Impression as should be durable, and the least liable to be counterfeited; and that, after the 29th of September 1736, every Ship or Vessel built in Great Britain, and after the 25th of December 1736, every Ship or Vessel built in the Plantations, should, upon her first setting out, or being first navigated at Sea, be furnished with One compleat Set*of Sails, made up of British Sail-cloth, on Vol. 25.

Pain of the Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds; and that no Sail-maker should, after Michaelmas 1736,'make or work up into Sails or Tarpawlins any foreign-made Sail-c'oth or Canvas, not flampt, on Pain of forfeiting the said Sails and Tarpawlins, and also the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And ailb ascertains the Number of Pounds-weight contained in each Sortment of Sail-cloth, from N° 1 to N° 10, inclusive.

To prove that Sails are purchased Abroad, and brought

into this Kingdom;

Mr. Samuel Atkinfcit said. That, since the Commencement of the lati-mentioned Act, he has known several Masters of Ships bring home for others, as well as themselves, foreign Sails, acknowledged to be such: That, about Three Weeks since, a Master of a Ship lately arrived, fold a Main-Sail (bene only, as he said, when he came to the English Coast) for One-third less than it could have been fold for, if manufactured at Home; which Sail was brought to the Witness to alter; and that the same was not Ramped, pursuant to Act of Parliament, nor are many others which, the Witness said, he had seen: That it is the common Practice of Matters of Ships to bend Sails to their Yards, and, by that Method, bring over great Quantities yearly, to elude paying the Duty.

Mr. Ephraim Heydon, Sail-maker, being examined, said. That he never knew any Ship return from the Bal-tick, or the Coast of Norway, and the East Country, without bringing One or more, oftentimes Four, Five, or Six, foreign Sails, of which, none that he had ever seen were stamped; and that Ships from Riga and Petersburgk usually bring home double Sets.

That in the Northern Ports of this Kingdom it is usual to fend Orders abroad for Sails to be made of particular Dimensions, and which pay no Duty, when brought here: That he had given Information of this Practice to the Inspector of the Customs; who answered, That Masters ot Ships alleged, that, without buying such Sails, they could not bring home their Ships.

To prove that foreign-made Sail-cloth hath been imported under the Denomination of Broad Linens, without paying the Duty charged thereupon by Law';

There was produced, an attested Copy of a Judgment obtained for his Majesty in the Court of Exchequer, in Hillary Term, in the 18th Year of his Reign, at the Suit of George I. ot thigh am, against Henry Vogeh, on Account of several Parcels of Russia Sail-cloth seized by the said 1‘ottingham, for Non-payment of the said Duty; whereby it appears. That the said Goods were adjudged to be forfeited.

The said George Tottingham, Deputy-Waiter in the Port of London, being examined, laid, That in 1742, Three Bails of Sail-cloth being imported, and entered, ad valorem, as Russia Linen, by one Courteen, he, the

Witness, found that the said Linens were fit to be made use of for Sails, and accordingly seized them, for Two Reasons; the one, their being entered ad valorem at 7 though worth 10 d. per Ell; the other, because they were in reality Sail-cloth: That he gave Information of this Seizure to the Commissioners of he Customs; who, upon hearing their Officers, and the Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, ordered the Examinant to deliver the Cloth to the Owner, unless the Examinant would carry on the Prosecution of the said Seizure at his own Expence, which he declined; and thereupon delivered the Goods to the Merchant, who was admitted to amend his Entry from 7 d. per Ell, ad valorem, to ip which is 25

Cent. Difference; and the Examinant averred. That the said Goods were really Sail-cloth.

That in 1744 he made another Seizure of Sail-cloth; entered as Broad Brown Russia Linen, and gave Information thereof to the Commissioners of the Customs; who did not care to carry on the Prosecution at the Expence of the Crown; but said, That if the Examinant chose to prosecute, they had no Objection to it; if net, he was ordered to deliver back the Goods.

But

Manufa^urc of Sail-cloth.

ioo 24 Martii. 1745.

But this Examinant said, That being allured by the Dealers in Sail-cloth, that the said Goods were Sail-cloth, he undertook the Prosecution at his own Charge, and obtained the Judgment before-mentioned: He added further. That upon his making this Seizure, the Land-Surveyors made report to the Commissioners of the Customs, That the Cloth seized was not Sail-cloth; but the Examinant declared to the Committee, That it was equal in Quality to British Sail-cloth of the Sortment N® 5, or betwixt the Sortments N® 5 and 6.

Being further examined, he laid, That at the Trial, several Officers of the Customs gave Evidence, That it was a Practice to enter, under the Denomination of Broad Brown Russia Linen, Canvas equal in Goodnels to what the Examinant seized; and this Practice, he said, was daily increasing.

Peter de CAngle, One of the Jerkers at the Custom-

house, having produced the Report and Papers relating to the Cargo of a Ship called 'The Mary, from burgh, Thomas Jackson Matter; by which Papers it

appeared, that 1,92a Pieces of Goods, Part of the said Snip's Cargo, were entered as Broad Russia Linens, at 9 id.8 d.and 7 d. per Ell, ad valorem, and were seized by the Officers of the Customs, as being Sail-cloth, and therefore liable to the Duties thereon; which Duties exceed, to the Amount of£.310. iu. o the Duties payable on Russia Linens; and that Deposits were made of the Duties for all the said Goods, except Four hundred Pieces, by the Owners, in order to try the Legality of the said Seizure.

The said George Tottingham was further examined; and

said. That theie Goods being imported I'ubsequent to the Trial, and the Commissioners of the Customs having given Orders to their Officers to be very careful in the Inspection of Goods of the like Sort, they were flopped by the Officers, who made Reports to the Commissioners, That they were such like Goods as were seized by the Examinant; but he said, The Owners having made the said Deposit as before-mentioned, in order to Hand Trial, it was ordered by the Commissioners, that the Goods should be discharged, and the Deposits returned; they judging, as the Examinant believes, the Demand of the Officers, in that Instance, a Hardship, considering the Practice had been to enter such Goods as Linens.

Mr. John Pr eft wick. Manufacturer of Sail-cloth, said. That he saw and compared the Goods seized on board the said Ship Mary, which, he said, were Canvas, fit for Sails; and that they answered, in Weight and Quality, to British Sail-cloth of the Sortments N® 6 and 7, used in the Royal Navy, and are fit for any Ships: That the Sortment N° 7. is used in a first Rate Ship of War.

Mr. Heydon produced, before the Committee, a Piece of Linen unstamped, entered, as he was told, by Thomas Fowell, of whom he bought the fame, as Brown Russia Linen, and which pay only a Duty of 3s. 6 the Piece; that the Vender made him a Bill of Parcels of this Linen for Ravens-Duck: That the Witness asked him the Reason of the blue Threads, wove near the Middle and Edges of the Warp; who answered him. That it was a Piece of the Sort of Cloth used in the Navy of; that after their Navy was furnished, the Residue was not permitted to be sold in that Country; but was exported; And the Witness said. He knew the Piece produced by him to be of that Sort; and that the same was equal in Quality to the Sortment of British Sail-cloth N® 6, of which he said, a considerable Quantity is imported; and that he paid 32*. for this Piece, being 38 Yards, which is about 10 d.per Yard: And he laid, further. That British Sail-cloth of the Sortment N® 6, cost is. or 13^. per Yard.

JoJitihWallis, Sail-maker, being ffiewn the said Piece of Cloth, he said. That it came from Ruff a, is entered as Brown Linen, and sold as Ravens-Duck; this, he said, he knew to be a Practice; and that Sails for the Russia Navy are made of the same Sort; and likewise, that Sail-makers make Linen unstamped into Sails, which 22

he attributes to the Smallness of the Penalty in that Cafe.

John Robinson, Maker of Sail-cloth at Warrington, laid, That the Stamp used at the Custom-house, pursuant to Act of Parliament, makes a very obfrure Mark; and that this is one Cause of the Laws being evaded:

And a Piece of Sail-cloth stamped, being produced before the Committee, upon View thereof, the Stamp appeared to be as the Witness had described it.

And Mr. Gee laid. That not one Piece in Fifty was plainer stamped than the Piece produced; and that as the Mark was fixed so near the Edge, a great Part of it must necessarily be much hid, in making the Cloth into Sails. '.

He said also. That he was told by a Matter of a Ship, that whatever Law was made, foreign Sails would be bought; and that he, the said Matter, could get too Pieces of Cloth stamped for a Bottle of Wine.

Four different Pieces of foreign Canvas, proved beforte the Committee to be Sail-cloth, but unstamped, were produced before the Committee.

Mr. Heydon said, that the Navy of England does not consume above 4-th Part of the Sail-cloth used in this Kingdom; and that not above 4-th Part of foreign Sailcloth pays Duty; but that in general the British Sailcloth is better than the foreign.

With regard to foreign Sail-cloth being made use of by Vessels navigating on the River Trent;

Mr. Samuel Atkinson said. That about 130 Sloops, Keels, and Ketches, are navigated upon the said River; the Owners whereof urge they are not comprehended within the Meaning of the Act of the 9th Year of his present Majesty, by reason the said Vessels arc not navigated to the Sea; and therefore they make use of foreign Sail-cloth.

Mr. Joseph Gee being examined, gave Evidence to the tame Purpose with Mr. Atkinson.

Then, in order to prove the Decrease of the Manufacture of Sail-cloth, which is attributed to the before-mentioned Causes;

Mr. Wallace said. That the Cheapnels of foreign Canvas is in some degree owing to the low Price of Flax, as well as the Price of Labour, abroad; that British Flax is better, stronger, and cleaner, than foreign; and that in Dressing of the first, there is greater Loss than in the latter; the Flax imported from Russia being so badly drafted, that the Lois by Waite (whereof no use can be made) amounts to 14 or 15 per Cent.

And, in Confirmation of their Evidence, they produced to the Committee Samples of British and foreign Flax; and described in what Particulars the one was preferable to the other.

Mr. Gee said, That foreign Hemp being soft and spungy, it requires more Tar in the Making of Ropes than British, which is a more solid Body, but will take

Tar enough to preserve the Rope; and that British-Hemp makes by much the stronger Cords.

Then, to shew the Prejudice the said Manufacture receives, by the Importation of foreign Sail-cloth;

Mr. George Bryerly, being examined, said, That he makes about 600 Bolts of Sail-cloth in a Year: That he has now 300 Bolts lies on his Hands, 120 whereof is fit for the Navy, and 200 for Merchants: That this Manufacture has been declining for the last Four Years; which the Examinant attributes to foreign Sail-cloth being imported under fictitious Denominations.

Mr. Thomas Cartivright said. He has employed Eight hundred Persons in spinning Flax; Part whereof was for making Sail-cloth: That he has now 1,400 Bolts by him (though be has left off Trade) undisposed of, which is fit for the Navy, and Merchant Ships; but that Merchants get Ruff a Canvas cheaper than the British can be sold for.

Mr. Ephraim Heydon said, That he acts as Agent for Mr. James Ryjbrack, of Stockton, in the County of Durham, and Mr. James Woodhouse, of Reading, in -

shire:

IOI

19 Geo. II. 240 Martii.

shire: That he has 1,200 Bolts of Sail-cloth of all Sort- Ord, That Leave be given to bring In a Bill to ments, the Property of those Two Persons, which has obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being,

Iain upon his Hand upwards of Two Years: That the touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Passing Demand for it at present is very small; which is occa- Overseers Accounts: And that Mr. Carew, Sir Richard fioned, as he apprehends, by the large Importations of Lloyd, and Major-General Oglethorpe, do prepare, and Raffia Cloth, under fictitious Names; which, if once bring in, the fame, prevented, the British Manufacture would be extended

to Six times the present Quantity. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill forex* Ae"can

Josiah Wallissaid, That many Months in the Year he plaining and amending an Act of the Thirteenth Year of - l^Q e and Company have formerly employed above One thou- his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the sand Persons in the Manufacture of Sail-cloth; but now "lore effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his does not employ near that Number; and that he believes Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the En-near 30,000 Persons are employed by others, of different couragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Ser-Ages, from Seven to Seventy Years; but that this Ma- vice; and another Act of the Seventeenth Year of his nutafture is at present upon the Decline. present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the bet*

Mr. John Robinson said, That within these 30 Years ter Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service,

the Persons employed by him in the said Manufacture have and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, another increased from a small Number to near 5,000: That fe- Act of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's veral Manufactures have been let up, as the Navigation Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Reco-of these Kingdoms has greatly increased: but that of vering and Collecting of certain Duties, granted towards late, by reason of the Importation of Russia Sail-cloth, un- the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to der the Name of Linens, the Number employed by him obl, ge Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of At-is reduced One-half; and he believes the same is the torney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said fe-lame with others: That within these Twelve Months he veral Acts and making the same more effectual: And

has not fold any Sail-cloth for Exportation to our Plantations, the Russia Sail-cloth having taken place there, by reason that the Drawback allowed for it as Linen, enables the Owners to undersell us; and as in Ireland a Premium of 5 d. per Ell is allowed fot Sail-cloth, he said. That from these Two Causes, we shall be deprived of exporting annually Ten thousand Pieces of Canvas to our own Colonies.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House,

Refolded, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Supply. . Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Two hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Cologne, pursuant to Treaty.

R.efolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mentz, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Poor Laws. The House was moved. That the Tenth Section of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and supplying the Defects of the former Laws for the Settlement of the Poor; and also that an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for remedying some Defects in the Act, made in the 43d Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor; might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Vol. 25.

that Mr. Burr el, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Fazakerlcy, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Committee Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom _ oa it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most in- ing*

famous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice, and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

The said Report was read; and is as follows;

In relation to the Causes of the said Practice, the Evidence is as follows; viz.

The Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, having severally laid before the Committee, Accounts of the Customs and Excise paid upon Teas imported, from Midsummer 1742, to Christmas 1745;

It appeared, that the Four Shillings per £. s. d Pound Excise, produced within the Three Years from Midsummer 1742, to Midsummer 1745 - - -449,369 7 —

Which, upon an Average, amounts

yearly to the Sum of - - -149,789 15 8

The Customs, within the same Period,

amounted to £. 139,078. 3 s.6d.

which, upon an Average, produces

yearly the Sum of 46,359 7 10

The whole Amount, upon a Medium each year, befor c Midsummer1745, *s 196,149 3 6

From Midsummer 1745 (the Time when the Act, made in the last Session, relating to the Excise on Tea, commenced) to Michaelmas following;

The Excise of 1 s. per Pound or Tea s. d.

produced - 38,562 4 —

And the Duty of £. 25 per Cent, ad valorem - - - 41,025 9 if

Both amounting to - - 79,587 ij ai

From Michaelmas 1745, to Christmas following, the said Excise of is.per Pound, produced £. 20,147. ioj. and the £.25 per Cent, ad valorem,

£.22,399. 8j. 3</.both amounting to 42,564 18 3

The Customs, within this Half-year,

amounted to 44,864 13 9

Total of this Half-year - - 166,999 5 21 D d From

Commit w e

oil

Smuggling.

102

24" Martii. A. 1745.

From Christmas 1745, to 17th February following,

the said Excise of u. produced £. 15,333. 2J. and the f. 15 per Cent, ad valorem£. 16,747. 31. 3 both amounting tOjf. 32,080. 55. 3

So that, according to the said Account of Excise, the yearly Quantity of Tea for which was paid per Pound within the Three Years above-mentioned, amounted, upon an Average, to 748,948 Pounds-weight.

And the Quantity for which Pound was paid,

and £.25 per Cent.ad valoremwithin the Quarter, ending

at Michaelmas 1745, amounted to - 771,244 Pds. wt.

And within the Quarter, ending at?______ ,

Christmas.74.5, to* - . .}4 S0 IT.

And from Christmas 1745. to 17th 7 66

February following, to - -}300,062 U*

Then the Committee examined Stephen Theodore Jansen Esquire, who said, That the Act for reducing the Excise upon Tea, has, since the Commencement thereof, which was MidsummerJaft, lessened the Practice of Smuggling,

with regard to that Commodity; for that the Accounts at the Custom-house and Excilc-office, shew that the Tea for which Custom and Excise have been paid since Mid-Pummer last, is much more than double to what paid the Duty in any the like Period of Time preceding.

He said, He apprehended the great Quantity of Tea, W'hich appears to have paid Duty in the First Quarter after the Commencement of the present Act, was not all fold out by the Dealers within that Time; but was bought by them, to replenish their Stocks thenexhaufted, by their having postponed such Buying till after the said Act took place; and is the Occasion of the great Disproportion in the Produce of the Duty, within that and the succeeding Quarter; and that it is much more probable, after the Dealers had so supplied themselves in those Two Quarters, that the Tea they have taken out of the Ware-houses since Christmas last, is the Quantity which in reality has been disposed of for Consumption; which Quantity, from Christmas last, to the 17th February following (being Seven Weeks and Four Days) appears, by the Excise, to be 306,662 Pounds-weight; so that, according to this Proportion, within the whole Year, Duty will be paid for upwards of 2,000,000 Pounds-weight of Tea.

He said, That the Smugglers purchase their Goods with Wool and Money, carried from hence; and that the Money so carried, he believes, may amount to^.200,000 annually; though not so much, perhaps, this Year, by reason of Commodore Barnet's making Prizes of the French Tea: That, besides the aforesaid Evil, another pernicious Consequence arisesfrom this Practice; for the Smugglers are, at this Time, admitted into the French Ports, to carry on their illicit Trade, and give our Enemies Information of the Situation of publick Affairs: That the Witness received Advice by Letter (now destroyed! that the Day after Admiral Martin failed last from Plymouth., a supposed Smuggling-vessel went to Su Malo, or Brejly and the Enemy probably knew immediately of the Sailing of that Fleet j and that he sent this Letter to One of the Lords of the Admiralty.

He further said. That he has made particular Enquiry, and has been informed, that the Inhabitants in the of Man (where no Customs are paid, or Duties levied) carry on a constant Trade with France, even in Time of War; that the French bring thither Teas, other India Goods and Brandies; which are deposited in Magazines, and conveyed from thence to and other Ports

in England, and to Glasgozu, , and other Ports in Scotland, as also into Irela; that the French are paid for thele Goods wholly in Specie, carried from hence to the said lile; and that, upon the Arrival of a or DanijhShip at Gottenburgh or Copenhagen, Vessels

loaden from those Ports, with Goods bought intirely with our Specie, are also sent into the said Hie: By all which Practices, he said, he apprehended the Crown is defrauded of Duties to the Amount of^. 100,000 or £. 150,000 per Annum.

That Sloops (ometimes go out from , to en-

deavour to prevent these Practices; but as it is a very-dangerous Station, a Seizure is scarce ever heard of.

By Accounts laid before the Committee, from the Commissioners of the Customs, of Representations made by their Officers relating to the Practice of Smuggi ng; the Instances of that Practice since the Commencement of the Act made in the last Session, appear to be as follows:

From Cardigan, in July 1745, the Surveyor-General of South Wales acquainted the said Commissioners, That Smuggling is carried on to a great Height between England and Ireland. — From Tarmouth, in August 1745, the Collector and Comptroller represented, That they had received Information, that on the 1 ith of July preceding, Fifty Smugglers run a Cargo of Tea and Brandy at Benacre-Warren, in Suffolk; and on the 25th of the same Month, Sixty Smugglers landed another Cargo at the same Place; and a Gang of Forty landed another Cargo at Kejland Haven; and that on the 3 ift of that Month, Seventy Smugglers passed through Benacre-street with a large Quantity of Goods, having with them a Breast-cart with Four Horses; and that Forty Smugglers, with Fifty Horses, landed at Haven a

Cargo of Tea and Brandy, which they carried off — From Wells, in October 1745, the Collector represented, That on the 18 th of that Month, about Two Miles Northward of Yarmouth, between 50 and 60 Horses were laden with

Run-Goods, and carried off by a Gang of armed Smugglers. — From Yarmouth the principal Officers gave Account, That on 2 2d October, 112 Horses were laden on the Beach near Benacre with Dry Goods, by upwards of 90 Men, guarded by Ten Persons with Fire-arms; and that on 20th of the same Month, Forty Horses were laden with Dry Goods at Kirtl, by Riders well armed. — From Chichester it was represented. That on January 1745, Nine Smuggling-Cutters failed from Rye in that Month for Guernsey, in order to take in large Quantities of Goods, to be run on the Coast; and that they had Intelligence, that One of the Cutters had landed her Cargo. — From lpfwichthe Surveyor-General informs the Commissioners, That he had received Accounts, that at different Times, between the 30 th of and 2 8 th of December, there have been run; on several Parts of the Stffo/k Coast, 1,835 Horse-loads of Tea, with some other Goods, and 1,689 Horse Loads of Wet and Dry Goods, besides great Quantities of Wet and Dry Goods landed out of several Vessels; all which were conveyed away in Waggons, and other Carriages, and by great Numbers of Smugglers, loaded: With regard to the First of these Representations, the said Commissioners ordered a Vessel to cruise on the Coast of Wales; and with regard to the others, they gave Directions to intercept the Goods: And as to what related to the Surveyor-General's Account from lpfwich, they ordered Proofs of the said Frauds to be procured; but all Endeavours proved ineffectual.

By the said Account it appears likewise. That the Teas, and other Goods so conveyed, were guarded by formidable Gangs of Smugglers, armed; and that the Officers of the Customs durst not attempt to make any Seizures; and that there have been several other Instances since the late Act, wherein the Officers of the Customs have been obstructed and prevented in searching for, and seizing of, prohibited Goods on Shore, and on great Number of Vessels at Sea; and that where they have attempted it, they have been beaten, and cruelly wounded.

It appears also. That the Commissioners of the Customs received a Letter from the Collector at the Port of Whitehaven, acquainting them, That a great clandcstine Trade is daily carried on upon that and the Scotch Coasts from the ljle of Man (which he calls a Storehoulc or Ma-gazine of all high Duty Goods) besides what is run from that Blind into Ireland, W, anti the Highlands of Scotland, to such a degree, that the Revenue of Great Britain and Ireland suffers above £. 100,000

a Year

19 Geo. II. 24* Martiu

a Year thereby: That this Trade is carried on in open Boats, which land in the Night, on any Part of the Coast, and at any Time, without regarding Tides; and to Ireland, Wales, Sec. in large Wherries, that generally

outfail any of the CuHorn-house Sloops: That on the 15th January, Eleven Smugglers Boats were seen going by the Harbour of Whitehaven, fleering for the Scotch Borders, laden with Brandy, Hum, and Tea, and got all their Cargoes on Shore, except One, which was taken by the Officers at Seafield: That that Island has, since the War with France, been supplied from thence with Brandy, Wine, and other Goods, in neutral Bottoms, and with Rum by our Ships, chiefly from our own Plantations: That the 13th of February at Night, a Dutch Ship came into Whitehaven, having discharged a Cargo of high Duty Goods in the said Island ;and that the present Law is of little Force to prevent this destructive Trade; there being greater Quantities «f Goods run from that Island Cnee the making the late Act than ever was before: And he concludes with declaring it as his Opinion, that the Smugglers will one time or other, if not prevented, be the Ruin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Richard Sclater, Dealer in Tea, being examined, said. That he is of the same Opinion with Mr. as to the Increase of the Quantity of Tea which will pay Duty; and as to the great Gain of the Smugglers.

That he computes the Tea consumed in this Kingdom to be near 4,000,000 of Pounds-weight per Annum; and as the annual Quantity which paid Duty was not, till the present Act commenced, above 8oo, oco Pounds-weight, therefore 3,000,000 Pounds-weight at least must have been run every Year.

That the Smugglers now trade, and have always Admittance, into the Ports of France: That they buy some Teas of the Danes and Swedes, and run great Quantities from Middleborough and Fluffi; but that he believes

there is not so much smuggled in general, since the present Act passed, as before; which he attributed to Commodore Barnet's making Prize of the French Tea in the

Indies; for he laid. If that Tea had been brought to France, it would have occasioned as much Smuggling now as formerly; but as the Dutch have bought it, though it may be run from Holland, yet it must be run with greater Difficulty, by reason of the Distance of the Dutch Coasts.

That the Running of Goods into the Counties of and Sussex (the Counties where commonly this Practice was mollly canied on) has met with great Interruption, and been in some Places totally prevented, by the Fleet upon that Coast, and the Forces on Shore; and that several Perlims, who were never known to lell Tea before, have, since the Commencement of the present Act, bought large Quantities of the fair Traders, and disposed of it upon those Coasts, where Smuggling was at a stand: But he added. That since Smuggling has dccreased on the Kent and Sussex Coasts, it has increased, to a great degree, on the Coast of Suffolk.

That the French, Dutch, Swedes, and Danes, deal chiefly in low-priced Tea; and, upon a Medium, for several Years past, he believes there has not been above 60,000 Pounds-weight yearly of fine Tea brought into Europe, except into this Nation, wherein the Quantity annually imported, is about 150,000 Pounds-weight: That the smugglers run only coarse Teas, purchased, abroad lor is. or is. 4 d.and loid here for 4*. 6 or 5/. per Pound: As to fine Tea, their Package would spoilit; nor could they, if they bought a Quantity, dispose of it: That he thinks the French do not consumc above -rV"* Part of their Tea, nor the Dutch any Quantity equal to what they bring; and as the Germans, and other neighbouring Countries, consume very little, in comparison to our Consumption, he apprehends that the greatest Part of the Dutch and French Teas must be sold to Per-fions who run them into this Kingdom.

He laid likewise, That the Smugglers pay for their Goods with ready Money, or Wool; and that he believes this clandcstine Trade brings France more Specie than all Vol. 25.

their Trade in Europej and must in time bankrupt this Nation.

He said further. That the Smugglers in the Country, by their Numbers, and their Outrages, intimidate several of the Civil Magistrates from granting Warrants to apprehend them, and the Officers of the Customs and Ejc-cile from venturing to do their Duty: And the Witness attributes it to this Terror, that so few Seizures are made.

Mr. Collet Mawhood, Druggist, being examined, gave the same Reason as Mr. JarJen, with regard to the Difference in the Produce of the Duty on Tea the Two Quarters ending at Michaelmas and Christmas 1745; and was likewise of the same Opinion, That the Tea which paid the Duty since Christmas last, is the Quantity really disposed of for Consumption; consequently, that less is run now than formerly; though he said. He apprehends a great deal is still run; because what is confirmed at home, he believes, is not less than 3,000,000 of Pounds-weight yearly.

He was also of Mr. Sclater* % Opinion, That the Swedes,

Danes, and French, who import large Quantities, cannot consume it themselves; but bring it with a View of fending great Part thereof into this Nation: And he informed the Committee, That by the printed Accounts, l he Cargoes of Tea, brought this Year into Europe, was,

To Holland Sweden -Denmark England Portugal

4.200.000

2.600.000

750.000

880.000

116.000

Total - - 8,546,000

To which, he said, there must be added, the Quantity of Tea contained in the Three French Ships, taken in the Indies by Mr. Barnet, and sold to the Dutch; Two of which Ships are arrived in Holland with 1,300,000 Pounds-weight of Tea; so that the whole Amount of what is imported this Year into Europe, is 9,846,000 Pounds-weight: But he added. That as those French Teas were sold to the Dutch, they may be run from Holland; and this, he apprehends, may be the Reason that Smuggling is decrealed in Kent and Sussex, and increased in Suffolk; because the latter Coast lies more convenient to run Goods from Holland.

He laid likewise, That the East India Company having, besides their Importation from the Indies, lately bought in Holland a great Quantity of Tea, this large Supply may, in some degree, prevent Smuggling; but then the Company must fell it at lo low a Price, as that the Smuggler cannot under-fell the Dealer; for otherwise, let them-import ever so much, it will be to no Purpose.

In order to ascertain at what Rates those Sorts of Tea come to the fair Trader, and what they cost the Smugglers;

He was further examined, and laid. That since the late Act, there has been a Sale at the East India Company's Warehouse; at which Sale, the lowed black Bo-heaTea (the Species chiefly run) was sold by the Candle at 3-r. 4 d.per Pound; to which Price must be added, the Exciseofu. per Pound, andj£. 25 per Cent, ad valorem; and from thence there is to be deducted 6f per Cent, on the prime Cost for prompt Payment, as also an Allowance for Tret and Super-tare, which brings the Price of this Tea to the Trader to about 4 8 the Pound; and the

Witness, and others, fell it for 5 per Pound, in order (if possible) to prevent Smuggling: That in Holland the same Sort of Tea is fold for about 24 Stivers per Pound, which is abour 2s.English ;and the Buyer has rather larger Allowance than what our East India Company makes: That in Sweden Tea is rather cheaper than in Holland.

The Expence which the Smugglers are at in running Tea in this Time of War, he said, he believed, might be 14 d.per Pound; and supposing them to

luftaiit

Committc!

en

Smuggling.

Committee

on

Snuggling.

164 24° Mar tit. A. 1745.

sustain a Seizure of One Cargo in Five, it adds to that Expence ^d. per Pound more; and they fell Tea, as he

is informed, for about 41. per Pound; but that now they havegreat Difficulty in disposing of it, since the present Act was made; and though they could formerly afford to lose One Cargo in Five, he apprehends they cannot at this time.

Mr. Samuel Wilson, Grocer, being examined, owned. That formerly he had been greatly concerned in Running of Tea; but took the Benefit of the Act of Indemnity, made in 1736; and said. That the Vessels employed in Running of Goods, do most of them belong to the Subjects of this Kingdom, and are generally Cut-

ters, from *5 to 40 Tons Burden; and that some are sent by the French and Dutch from and

borough: That thele Vessels are met. Three or Four Miles from our Coasts, By Boats, which bring the Goods a-ftiore; and before the present Act, he believes 20 or 30 Cargoes were run in a Week: That the Smugglers buy their Goods abroad with Money, or Wool; and that the principal Commodity they run is Tea.

That for the Three or Four Years preceding last -fnmmer, therewasfeldom less than Three millions Pounds-weightofTea clandestinely imported every Year; and of this, he said, he was lately informed, by one Robert Hanning, who supplied the Smugglers with Tea formerly at Dunkirk*and since the War with France, at Flushing;

and has been several times in England: And which Fast Hanning told the Witness he could make appear.

That the Dealers in Tea gave to the Smugglers, in 1728 and 1729, Eight Shillings per Pound for run Tea; but that since the Danes, French and Swedes, have traded to the Indies, the Price has gradually decreased.

That Tea run into London, is put into Warehouses, under the Care of Agents; and if any is seized, all the Parties concerned are Sufferers alike.

That the Smugglers give more abroad for their Tea now than formerly: That the present Price of such Bohea as is imported by our Company is about zs. 10 a Pound/; and a great Quantity is now supplied, at that Price, by one Andrew Her fey, at Middleburgh: That their Expences are, for Freight £. 1. is. per Hundred-weight; for their

Bags, containing *7 Pounds-weight each, zs. per Bag; to their Porters, 4/. per Hundred-weight; for Warehouse-

room, 5 s.; and zcs. per Hundred-weight is allowed to their Agent, who disposes of it to the Hawkers; their whole Expence amounting to betwixt ij. and is. 3d.per Pound; and this Tea the Smugglers fell for about 20 per Hundred, Dutch Weight, which is about 109 Pounds

English: That he has been informed by Smugglers, that they do not now get clear above zos. per Hundredweight; and he himself believes their Profit cannot amount to 3d. per Pound.

As to the Loss which Smugglers sustain by Seizures, he said, it is a mere Trifle: That he formerly dealt with a considerable Trader in run Tea for Six or Seven Years, who never had any Goods seized in all that time; and that although the Danger of Seizures is greater at Sea than on Land, yet the Smugglers most commonly efoape the Custom-house Sloops, by means of Intelligence sent from the Inhabitants on the Coast, when those Sloops fail out of Port; and that the generality of the People on the Coasts are bitter Friends to the Smugglers than to the Custom-house Officers: He added likewise. That Smugglers, to escape being seized at Sea, frequently make out their Clearance from the foreign Port, at which they took in their Lading, to some other foreign Port; so that if they are not met at Sea by the Custom-house Sloops, within Six Miles of the Coast, they are not liable to Seizure; and that he has known several Smuggling Vessels escape by this Contrivance.

As to the Seizures on Land, he said, They very seldom happen; for when Tea is landed, it is carried by 10 or 12 armed Persons in a Body, on Horseback into the inland Counties, where there is no Danger of having it seized; and it is disposed of, at certain Markets, to People, who take 1,000 Pounds-weight at a time: That

there arc likewise a Number of Men called Duffers, who go on Foot, and have Coats in which they can quilt a Quarter of a Hundred-weight of Tea, and bring it to London in that manner, undifeovered; and that these Duffers supply the Hawkers, who carry it about the Town, and fell it to the Consumers.

That Tea is now seldom brought in great Quantities to London-,or when brought, is scarcely ever seized, with-

out the Assistance of Soldiers; in which Cafe, the Smugglers commonly have Knowledge of the intended Seizure time enough to remove their Goods.

That the Informations of Places where Tea is lodged in the Country are commonly given to the Inspectors of the Customs, who fend for Soldiers to feiae it; but they are generally unsuccessful Three times in Four; For the Smugglers have timely Intelligence of such Informations from their Agents.

That they likewise employ an Agent (one Norton) to defend them against Prosecutions; and he searches to fee when Capias's are taken out in the Exchequer against any of his Clients, and accordingly apprizes them to get out of the way: That this Norton was formerly Clerk to the late Mr. Metcalf, Solicitor of the Customs; and that the Witness believes he then might fee all the Informations that were given in at the Custom-house against Persons for running Goods; and it is not impossible but that he may now come at the Knowledge of the like Informations, by means of the Solicitor's Clerks: The Reason why he thinks so is, because that himself had come to the Knowledge of several Informations the same way; That the Smugglers have such Intelligence, and use such artful Management, and are withal so resolute and defpe-rate, that the Witness believes, notwithstanding all the Care of the Custom-house Officers, not One round in Twenty of run Tea is seized.

As to the Number of People who follow this Practice, he said, they are not less than 20,000: That they affem-ble together at Ports and Places the most convenient for their Purpose, particularly at Folkstone, where there is a great Number; but their chief Place of Resort is -hurst in Kent: That they go armed; and although they are well known. People dare not venture to molest any of them; and that if Soldiers are ordered to take them, they have Intelligence either from their Agents, or perhaps from some of their Relations or Friends: And the Witness owned, that he himself actually did apprise one Tomkins of his being advertised in the Gazette, with a Reward for his Apprehension, early enough for the said Tomkins to make his Escape.

Being asked the Question; he laid. That Smugglers purchase Teas with Money and Wool: That when they get any Wool, they put it on board such Vessels as are ready to put to Sea; but that a Ship never stays for that Sort of Lading; for if no Packs are ready, the Vessels frequently go without; and he believes that there is carried out of this Kingdom at least One million Pounds per Annum, in Specie, to purchase the various Goods run in here; and he was the more confirmed in his Opinion, because that the said Hanning, formerly a Smuggler in this Kingdom (and who wasindifted for a Murder, and absconded, and was afterwards pardoned, on Condition of his making certain Discoveries in relation to the Practices of Smuggling) wrote thereupon to at

to make Enquiry amongst his Correspondents at other foreign Ports, what the Money received from Smugglers might amount unto; and Hanning delivered a private Account thereof to Sir Robert feme time before

the Year 1736; by which Account it appeared, that the same amounted to £. 1,000,000 or £. 1,100,000 per Annum; of which £.800,000 per Annum was paid for Tea: But the Witness said. That at that time the Smugglers gave for their Tea a much larger Price than they give at present.

Mr. Abraham Walter, Dealer in Tea, being examined,

owned, That he had been formerly concerned in the Running of that Commodity, but had taken the Benefit of the late Act of Indemnity; and said, that Hanning, 16 mentioned

ig Geo. It. 44

mentioned by Mr. Wilson fond who now lives at. ing) is the Witness's Brother; and chat he the said Hanning, together with other'Dealers in Tea, at Calais,

B eloign, Dunkirk, Fluffing, and , con ft ant ly

examined what Quantities were shipt at those Ports; and that, for Three Years before last, the fame was found to amount annually to upwards of 3,000,000 of Pounds; and since the late Act, to above the Proportion of 1,000,000 of Pounds but

that the Quantity run before the Time he speaks of, was not so great.

That the Smugglers, with their Vessels, arc at this time admitted into French Ports, where they take in Tea; and, as the Witness has been informed by several Persons, are sworn not to discover any thing the y lee there.

That in Holland the Price of Bohea Tea at present is, from is. 4 d.to 3*. and the Price of Green Tea is 3d. to 4J. per Pound; the Expence in bringing and dif-poling of it (according to what he himself has often paid) is from is. 3d. to ij. 4 d. per Pound; and that their present Profit thereupon, is from 30 to 40 Hundred-weight; which, he thinks, is very small, considering the Hazard they run, both as to their Persons and Goods: But, he said, that if they left off, and separated, they are in Danger of being prosecuted, on account of travelling with Fire-arms near the Coast; and therefore are obliged to keep together, and continue their Practices.

Being examined with regard to the Lois that the Smugglers fufta n by Seizures; he said. No certain Computation could be made of it; for that he himself has rpn Goods Twenty times together, without One Seizure; and has afterwards had his Goods seized Three times successively; and afterwards, for Two Years, he continued the Practice, and loft nothing: That the Danger of Seizure is greater at Sea than on Land; and that the Punning of Goods into Kent and is, at this Time, much

more dangerous than into Suffolk, by reason of the Fleet at Sea, and Troops on the Coast; and that when Smug* glers bring their Tea to London, there is more Danger of its being seized, than when it is disposed of in the Country: But, he laid, that very little Tea is brought t& London in Quantities; lor several People go and buy a Quarter or Half Hundred-weight in the Country, and bring it to Town, and fell it.

The Witness gave further Evidence, to the same Effect with H-llfon, as to the Number of Persons employed in Smuggling; and he added. That it is extremely dangerous for Custom-house Officers, or others, to attempt to seize Goods in the Coast Counties; because the Smugglers are very numerous there, and can assemble to a great Number, whenever they have Occasion; and that in particular, at the Village cf in Kent, 500

can get together, armed, in Jess than an Hour: That there is not One Person in Ten in the Country, but would give them Aflillance, and do lend the Smugglers their Horses and Teams to convey their Goods; for which the Smugglers pay an advanced Price: And he believed, that upon the whole, the Smu^lers do not lese by Seizures above One Pound of Tea in so or 30.

He said also, That lie knows of about 60 Cutter*, of 30 or 40 Tons each, and Five or Six VelfeJs of the same Burdens, belonging to the Merchants at Fluffing, which are constantly employed in Running of Goods: That these Vdfels carry Wool, which is exchanged for the Commodities they bring back: But the Witness said, he believed that above half the Wool that is carried was conveyed by Ccafting-vessels, which run great Quantities of Goods in return; for that he himself had seen Colliers, in their Way to London, call at Dunkirk take in Teas and Brandies; and likewise Scotch Vessels bring great Quantities of Wool to the same Place, lo be bartered for Goods; which, the W itnels under- flood, were intended to be run into this Kingdom.

Mr. Shute Adams, Druggist, being examined, cori-VOL. 25.

Mariii.

firmed that Part of Mr. Waiter's Evidence which related Coawhwee to 3,000,000 Pounds-weight of Tea beingrtin.yearly; which he laid, he had been told by Hanning, befdre-men- mus*WS' tioned, who ltad been lately in England; and that Hanning likewise told him, that he kept an Account of all the'

Tea that is carried from Dunkirk.

Mr. Malt how Blhkifion, Dealer in Tea, being examined, said. That the late Alteration of the Duty upon Tea has, in some degree, lcflened: the Practice or Running' that Commoditybut not so much as might have been ex-pefted, which he apprehends to be owing to the following Reason; viz. That the Dealers in Tea exported great Quantities to die Plantations and Ireland, before Midffturner 1745, in order to receive the Benefit of the Draw-' back, since taken away by the present Act; and the said Dealers were likewise unwilling to replinish their Stocks before that Act commenced, because die Duty would be lower: That in July following the Company

had a Sale; but did not put up Tea: nigh sufficient to supply the Demands , of the: Dealers; who thereupon (being necclfitated to buy, by reason all their Stocks were cx-haufted) outbid one another; and the Smugglers (who, as the Witness thinks, had no chance to carry On their Practices, but by advancing the Price at this Sale) employed several Persons to bid high, as they might fafelyr do, without the Risque of buying, because ihe Dealers were necefiitated to outbid them; and by this means the Price was raised about £.25 per Ce, which the Witness'

apprehends to have been the onlyCaufeof the Cdnttnti- ance of Running of Tea: He added, that lie believed if the Company, at the last Sale, had bad a sufficient Quantity, and had fold it at the Rate they fold their Tea the'

Sale before (the Price of coarse Bohea, at that Sale, being-

2S..iod. and Greer; from 3 s.2d. to 4j. the Pound) the Trades could then, under the present Duties, have folcb so low as to have prevented Smuggling.

The Wi tness added. That the U nccrt&i nty of the Company's Sales, which ought to be twice a Year, is another Cause. of Smuggling; for their Sale, which is called the September Sale, has not- been yet, nor is it known when it will be made; and because of this Uncertainty, and the small Quantity they put up at such Sales, People are obliged to purchase of the Smugglers.

Mr. Samuel WilJ'on, being again examined; his Evidence was contradictory to that Part of Mr. r

which related to the Bidders railing the Price of Tea at the Company's Sale, to £.25 per Cent, for he said, the Price of Tea rose gradually, for a long time before that Sale; particularly the Price of Green, from 31. 3 to 41. 4 d.per Pound.

Mr. John'Hayward, Druggist, being examined, laid.

That the Act which commenced last Midsummer has prevented the Running of Tea, much more than was ex-pefted it could have done in the time: But that he apprehends a great Quantity is still run, not less than after the Rate of 1,000,000 of Pounds for the whole Year.

That he thinks the Cause of this great Quantity being run, is owing to‘ the East India Company ijot sufficiently supplying the Dealers, and to the Smugglers Agents raising the Price, by bidding at the last Sale: That this Practice was suspected, and the Sale was thereupon stopt for some time; and several Brokers were a Iked the Names of their Principals, and they mentioned Persons who were suspected to be concerned in the Running of Tea; and that several Persons, who go under the Denomination of speculative Buyers, purchase Teas there, merely on an Expectation of the Price-riling afterwards i That by these means the Price of lea is increased, and the Smuggler thereby enabled to under-fell the Dealers.

This Witness, and the said Mr. Blakiflon, being fcve-rally aiked. Why, in case the Company do not bring sufficient Quantities to supply all Demands, other People, pursuant to the Provision by Law for that Purpose, have not applied for Leave to buy Tea ? They said, That they believe People are afraid to contend with a Company

E e and

Committee

on

Smuggling*

106 24"'Mar, HiA. 1745*

and that if any Set of Men Were to obtain a Licence to import Tea, die Company would put up their whole Stock to Sale, and under-fell them.

Mr. John Scrivener, Dealer in Tea, being examined, said, That since the present Act commenced, the Practice of Smuggling has greatly decreased; for that the fair Traders now fell much more Tea than they did formerly; but that (till a great Quantity is run: That the Swedes fell Tea to the Smugglers; and that it is a common Practice to fend Tea to the Isle of Man, from whence it is run into England and Ireland; and that if the East India Company cannot supply the Dealers with a sufficient Quantity of Tea, at a low Price, the Smugglers will continue to run it; and if they cannot supply the coarse Teas at at. 9 d.per Pound, the Dutch will.

That when the Company puts up only a small Quantity to Sale, several Persons buy in a speculative way, in order to fell it again at large Gain, when Tea is wanted: That the Price of Teas is, by this means, often raised, and the Smugglers thereby encouraged to run this Commodity.

Mr. Bamaby Bland, Officer of the Customs, being

examined, laid. That he judges by the great Decreale of Informations in the Port of London, that the Quantities of Tea run are much less than before Jail.

That the East India Company had always more Tea, before the Commencement of the present Act, than they could dispose of; but the Demands since being much larger, they had not enough to supply the Dealers; and that till the Company can bring in a sufficient Quantity, if there were no Duty at all. Smuggling would continue.

He said. That the Smugglers Profit is much less now than it was before the Act; for that their Journies are less frequent, and more expensive: That they formerly came to London about Two or Three o'Clock in the Morning, and could fell to particular Dealers from 1,000 to 2,000 jfOunds-weight, and be out of Town again by Six the same Morning: and, by this quick Return, they generally made a Voyage every Ten Days; but as the said Dealers have refilled to buy since the said Act, the Smugglers have had great Difficulty in disposing of their Tea; and that now a Dozen or Twenty of them in a Gang carry each of them Half a Hundred or a Hundred-weight from the Coast, and separate, and dispose of the same in the inland Counties in small Parcels of Six, Seven, and Eight Pounds, and sometimes in what they call Dollets, which are about 13 Pounds; so that their Returns are very uncertain, being regulated by the Succels they have in disposing of their Tea: And he added. That he believes there is not now so much Tea run as was within Three Months after, the Commencement of the present Act.

Mr. George Barrington, being examined, said, That he believes not lets than 5,000,000 Pounds-weight of Tea is yearly consumed in this Nation, Ireland, and the British Plantations: That the Dutch and Danes bring great Quantities of Tea to the lllands of St. Eufiafiia, Sabea, and St. 'Thomas, in the West , from whence the British Settlements in the West Indies are fopplied: That Ships go from the British Northern Colonies into the French Ports, and carry small Yards, Malls, and Arms, and sometimes Horses; for which they barter either in Money or Sugars; and if not for the Whole, they dispose of the Remainder at the Engliftt Settlements; and in their way home, they call at the Dutch and Danish Islands, and buy Teas, and Other Goods, with Money; whereby England is prevented from supplying those Colonies with Tea.

That the Tea brought into the North-East Part of England, and East Part of Scotland, comes from Denmark, Sweden, and Holland, and is conveyed in Scotch Vessels, which load Wine and Brandies in That

the Teas brought from Sweden and Denmark, are purchased with our Specie and Manufactures; the Scotch lend

feme Lead and Salmon, which dre exchanged for Brandies, Tea, and Wine; but not to the Amount of the 20th Part of the Value of the Wines and Brandy they bring; the rest being paid for in Specie.

That Tea run into the South Part of England is brought by Vessels, employed in Smuggling, from Hot-land, France, Jersey, and Guernsey; and that great Quantities are brought by Lime Vessels, which come to Devonshire: That he believed not a Ship went from to Holland or France, but what run prohibited and French Goods; the Witness having bought Hundreds of Dozens of Claret, with the Bottles, for i6J. the Dozen, and French Brandy at 35. 6d. per Gallon.

That many Vessels, from Liverpoole and Whitehaven, carry Tobacco to Holland (which is a great Trade in the North-West Ports, because of the Opportunities to avoid the Duties) and run large Quantities of Tea, and other Goods; and that the same is practised from Glasgow in Scotland.

He said likewise. That prohibited Goods are carried from France to the Iste of Man, and' the West Coast of Scotland; and are sent to Ireland, Chester, and Cumberland.

That the Officers in the East India Ships carry out what Money they can raise, and buy Goods in the Indies, and' run almost all the Goods they bring into this Kingdom; they take up'Money on Bottomry, which the Company must be apprised of, because they pay £. 15 per Cent, for Liberty to Trade.

Then the Committee examined Evidence, with regard to some Defects in the Act, made the last Session, for indemnifying Offenders for Running of Goods.

"M.v.Richard Sclaterand Mr Sseverally laid,

Thata Number of Persons willingly embraced the Pardon granted by the said Act; and accordingly left off Smug-' gling, and settled themselves in Farms, and other Occupations; but One of those, whole Name is Murton, being apprehended, and indicted upon a former Statute, for riding with Fire-arms near the Coast (which Offence is not included among those pardoned by the said Act of Indemnity) most of the Smugglers who had embraced that Pardon, being equally culpable, absconded, upon an Apprehension they were liable to the like Prosecution; and upon Conviction of the said Murton, at the last Summer Assizes at Rochester, all those Persons, finding the ni-selves not safe, returned again to their former Practices of running Goods.

And Mr. Wilson added, That Three other Persons who had likewise left oft' Smuggling upon the said Act of Indemnity, were apprehended, and lent to Newgate foe riding with Fire-arms; where they died.

Mr. Abraham Walter confirmed this Evidence, with regard to the evil Consequences attending this Defect in the said Act .: And added. That besides the great Number of Persons that actually did accept the Pardon, several others, who intended to take the Benefit thereof were discouraged from it, by the Prosecutions commenced for the Carrying of Fire-arms: And thisWitness does believe; that had it not been for the said Defect, this Act would have almost put an end to Smuggling.

Mr BarnabyBland, an Officer in the Customs, confirmed what had been said, in regard to this Defect in general; and that the Continuance of the Running of Tea, since Midsummer last, is in some measure to be attributed to that Defect: He added, That a great Number of Smugglers, and Receivers of run Goods, who had not rid with Fire-arms near the Coast, had embraced the Pardon offered by this Act, and have accordingly left off; apd that he believes most of the wealthy Importers have left off; but that some of them, who have rid with Firearms (notwithstanding the y have accepted the Pardon) are now afraid to come to London, from an Appreheri-fion of being prosecuted; and that he has observed, that most of the Persons affected in that Particular, continue their former Practices.

William Wood Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of

i9 Geo. II.

£4° Ma.

id?

of the Customs, being examined, confirmed the Evidence before given, with regard to the Defect of the said Act: And added, That the Commissioners of the Customs undo flood at first that the Pardon was general; but after-

Co m nut tee on

Voters in Elections for Members of Parliament, are always most favoured. j.

It appears also, from several Accounts referred to, and

laid before the Committee, That several Persons concerned

wards, having fume Doubt, they confulrcd the Attorney- in the Running of Goods have been allowed to compound General, who gave it as his Opinion, that the said Act the Penalties incurred on that Account, for very small did not pardon those who had carried Fire-arms near the Sums; and the Reasons generally alleged for the fame, Coast: That the said Act has been far from answering the are the distressed Circumstandes of the Offenders: And it End intended; which, he believes, is in a great degree also appears, that several Prosecutions against Persons, for owing to that Defect. Offences of this kind have been stopt, on Payment of

Other Causes which contribute to the Practice of Costs; and against others, on Condition of their entering Smuggling, appeared from the following Evidence. themselveson board feme of his Majesty's Ships of War.

Mr. R 1 hard Si Liter said. That he believes the Officers of the Customs nave not been so diligent as they ought in

Mr. Samuel Wilfori, being again examined, said, That a Fraud is practised by Dealers in Tea, which they call

seizing the Boats and Men employed in Smuggling: That covering of smuggled Tea, by which great Quantities of . particularly, when Admiral Vernon took some of their run Tea is l'eeurcd from being seized, add is done in this Vessels, the Officers of the Customs let the Crews of those manner; the Dealers, when they take any Quantity of Vessels eft ape: And that this is frequently the Cale when Tea out of the Company's Warehouse, have a Permit other Vessels are seized. to place it in their Stock; and when the Officer comes to

Mr. Abraham Walter and Mr. Matthew Blakiflon, survey the Stock, he takes that Permit back to the Office, being examined, said. That when the Custom-house where the Dealers have Credit in the Permit-books for Sloops meet at Sea a Vessel employed in Running of such a Quantity of Tea: That when they fell any Quan-Goods, they only take out the Goods, and let the Vessel tity of Tea, for which a Permit is demanded, they are to and Men go; who immediately return for another Lading, send to the Office for it; but they frequently fell great Mr. Burnaby Bland, being examined, said, That there Quantities to Persons who demand no Permit; which is a Defect in the Laws relating to the Seizure of Vessels Quantities the Dealers ought to let down in a Book, clandestinely importing Brandy; for that if such Vessels called The Small Book, which they are by Law obliged to are under the Burden of 40 Tons, they are liable to be keep for that Purpose; but they, perhaps, don't let down ' seized and burnt; but if above 40 'Ions, they arc not above a Tenth Part of the Quantity they so fell, but fend even liable to Seizure; but that Vtffcis of any Burden, to the Office for Permits for the Remainder; and these which run Tea, are liable to Seizure. Permits they fell to the Smugglers from 2 to 6d. for

And being asked the Qucllion; he said, That he never each Pound therein permit ted: And the Witness owned, knew any Instaocc where Officers of the Coast omitted that he himself has fold some for is. and 9

y

seizing VefTeis, when they were able; or that ever any Vessel was f'ct at Libert v, when seized, without Prosecution of such Seizure: He added, That the Vessels employed in running Tea cannot be 1'gally seized, unless Tea is found on boa d, or Information is given, diat they have been concerned in Smug , ing; and that the Property in them is not alienated: That as they are the best failing Vessels, it is difficult to fciZc them when they arc at Sea, and have Tea on board, because they can oul-l'all the King's Ships and Custom-house Sloops and when they are empty, and arc seized in Port, it is difficult to prove their having been concerned in this Practice; and that these Difficulties are the Cause of so small a Number of Vessels being seized, or prosecuted.

William Wood Esquire confirmed Mr. Evi-

dence, with relation to such Vessels as are liable by Law to be destroyed or forfeited: And added, That he apprehends, in some Instances, as the Law now (lands, Vessels importing Tea ate not liable to Forfeiture: That forfeited Vessels ate put up to Sale; and that, as the Practice

per

Pound; and he apprehended, that these Permits are a great Assistance and Security to the Smugglers.

With regard to Methods to prevent the said pernicious Practice, the Evidence given to the Committee was as follows;

The said Mr. Jansen gave it as his Opinion, That in case the present Exdfe upon Tea was reduced 6 or 7 a Pound, and the East India Company would bring in a Quantity equal to our Home Confutnption, Tea might be sold at a Price the Smugglers would not be able to under-fell; and as the annual Confutnption in this Kingdom is computed to be 3,000,000 of Pounds-weight,. such a Reduction of the Duty (considering that the Running of this Commodity is then prevented) would be a great Increase to the Revenue.

Mr. said. That if the fair Traders were enabled to fell coarse Teas for about 4J. 6d. per Pound, the Smugglers could not then under-fell them: That he apprehends the annual Consumption of l ea in this King-, . dom is near 4,000,000 of Pounds-weight; and if the

is at prelim r, the Smugglers can claim and have the Vef- Duly was only if. or if. 5 ter Pound, and the Custom fels, lor what they are valued at; and for which they to (land as it does, it would be no Diminution of the have the Authority of an old Rule of the Exchequer, Revenue, and would, at the same time, effectually pre-not founded upon any Law, as the Witness apprehends: vent the Running of Tea.

And being asked the Qucllion, he said, That after these Being asked, If a Stop to the Running of Tea would Vessels are thus bought, he believes they are again made not lessen the Consumption ? He answered. It would not, tile of in this clandestine Trade: And being likewise in case the fair Trader was enabled to lell it at 45. asked the Qucfbon, he said, That Officers in the Customs Pound; for the generality of People are so habituated to are sometimes dil'miffed for Neglect, or conniving at it, that they can't leave it off.

Frauds; but that he knows of no legal Penalty for such , That as great Quantities of run Tea are carried about Negltftsor Connivance. by Smugglers, in Bags and Baskets, and disposed of to

Mr. Samuel Wi/Jott, Mr. Richard Sclater, and Mr. the Conlumers; which, though they are liable to loie by Malt hew Blakifton, being examined, laid, That they Seizure, yet he apprehends it they were likewise subjected apprehended, that the frequent Mitigation of Penalties to a Penalty, and a Stop was put to the frequent tviitiga-(incurred by Persons convicted of dealing in run Tea) to tion of Penalties (to which Dealers in Teaare liable, upon small Sums, by the Commissioners of the Customs and Conviction of buying runTea) it would greatly discourage Excise, is very detririlental to the fair Traders, and is not Smuggling.

only a great Encouragement to the Running of Tea, but Mr. Mawhood laid. That a Reduction of the Duties, likewise to People 10 purchase it, when run. and the Securing or destroying the Vessels employed in

And Mr. llilfonadded, That when such Prosecutions the Practice of Smuggling, would, in his Opinion, cer-«‘.re 1 ommentvd against any Persons, Stops are.frequently tainly prevent the fame.

put 10 Proceedings, open Applications made to the Lords Mr. laid. That the present Profit the Srnug-

"t ti c Tiv.Vury, and Commissioners of Customs and glers now make by Tea is so small, that several, to his Fxcifr and that Pet Ions of the bed lntcrcft, especially Knowledge, would willingly leave off; but dare not, V. c. 25. for

Committee

"on

Smuggling.

108 24* Mariit* 1745.

for fear of being prosecuted: That he is certain a further Reduction of 6 d.a Pound would reduce the Price of Tea so low as to prevent the Smugglers from making any Profit; which Reduction, together with a free and general Pardon, would, in his Opinion, entirely and effectually prevent the Running of that Commodity.

M r. Samuel Wilson said. That he apprehended the most effectual way to prevent Smuggling of Tea, is to reduce the Price of that Commodity io low as to make it not worth any Person's while to run it; but thinks it impossible to attain that End, without a.Reduction of the Duty, especially as the , Swedes, , and

Dutch (who import great Quantities, and consume very little) have no other Market for their Surplus, and can fell it at a Price for the Smugglers to fell it again much below the Trader, who pays the present Duties; and that a Reduction of 6d. per Pound in the Duty (provided the Eoft-India Company had constantly a sufficient Quantity) would enable the fair Trader to fell coarse Bohea Tea at 4t. per Pound, and Green Teas in Proportion; and in this Cafe, the Witness is certain, that Smuggling mufl cease.

He also added. That Robert Hanning, before-mentioned iii the Course of the Examination, told this Witness, that if the Price of Tea was lessened 6d. in the Pound, it would put an entire Stop to Smuggling.

' He then proceeded to prove, that by such Reduction the Revenue would be considerably increased; viz.

That upon a Supposition of Three millions of Pounas-weight of Tea is consumed annually' in this Kingdom, and that Quantity £. paying a Duty of 6 d. per Pound, would produce - 75,000

The Duty, ad valorem, supposing each Pound to be sold at the Company's Sale for 4on a Medium, would produce - - - - 150,000

The Custom o*f £.14 per Cent, paid by the Company, would produce - - - 84,000

Which makes in the Whole - 309,000

From Whence he inferred, That if the Duty of is. per Pound was reduced to 6 d.and Smuggling thereby prevented, the Revenue Would be increased £.75,000 per Annum more than the present Duty, upon a Calculation of what already appears will produce.

And this Reduction would certainly prevent the Running of Tea at present, by reason that the East India Company have, with their own Stock, and a large Quantity of inferior Teas they lately purchased in Holland, sufficierst to supply all present Demands; and as they have great Quantities coming from the , and may buy Cheap in foreign Markets, he had no Doubt of their Applying the whole Consumption of this Kingdom for the future; and in this same the Revenue would be increased much above his Computation; because he has great feafotl to believb, that the annual Consumption of Tea in this Kingdom greatly exceeds 3,000,000 Pounds-weight.

That Smuggling Vessels sometimes take in Brandies as Ballast; but the Witness has heard the Smugglers fey. That, as Brandy is a heavy Commodity, if Smuggling of Tea was prevented, it would not be worth while to bring Brandies; and that as there is, by the Vessels that bring Tea, an Opportunity of fending Wool out of this Kingdom (and by which means a great Quantity is actually Conveyed) he apprehends, that if no Tea was run, it would, in a great degree, lessen the Smuggling of Wool; for it would not answer for any Persons to employ Vessels merely in the Carrying of Wool, by reason of the long time they mud wait between their Voyages to get a Loading, and of the great Hazard they must run of being seized while they arc in Waiting.

And he added. That Tea is by far the most considerable Commodity that is run; and as Running most of the

14

other Species of Goods depends upon, and are encouraged* to be run merely from, the Opportunity of running them with Tea, he apprehends, that this Reduction of the Duty on Tea, accompanied with a free and general Pardon, will be a more effectual means to prevent Smuggling in general, than any other Methods that ever he heard proposed.

Being asked, Whether fending on board Ships of War People taken in the Practice of Running Goods, would not greatly discourage them ? and whether they might not be made very useful there ? He answered, he believes it would, in some degree, discourage them; and that they might be made useful; but then he thinks, that the practising that Method would make them more desperate; and that he is confident, from his being well acquainted with their Disposition, that if a Law was made to pardon them, on Condition of their enlisting for Soldiers or Sailors, they would not accept it; and that ifcompulfory Methods be attempted, they will assemble together in a Body to defend themselves: That he believes if the Duty was reduced, and a free and general Pardon was granted, they would disperse; and in that Cafe, several of them. might be induced to enter into the Army and Fleet, and be extremely useful, particularly at Sea; they being extraordinary good Sailors.

With reference to the Mitigation of Penalties, he said. That if by Law there was no Power of Mitigation for receiving run Tea, and felling Permits, in the manner before described, he believes it would be a great Discouragement to the Smuggler and the Receiver; but if the Power of Mitigation was wholly taken away, he thinks withal, that some Laws relating to the Excise would be extremely severe, particularly One, whereby a Penalty of £.100 is inflicted upon Dealers who neglect to set down in their small Books, every Day, the Quantity of Tea they fell without Permits; and if a Dealer forgets, or happens to be ill, or engaged in other Business, and trulls to his Servants to enter Tea fold, and they neglect it, and the Officer comes in the Morning, and by Survey of his Stock, finds that he hath fold a Quantity for which he rieither sent to the Officer for Permits, nor entered it in his Book, this Penalty of £.100 is recoverable; but added, that if this, and some other Penalties, were lessened, the Power of Mitigation (very detrimental to Trade) might be taken away.

Mr. Matthew Blakifion said. That the taking away (he Temptation of Smuggling by lowering the Price of Tea, would be the mosteffectual Method to prevent it; but apprehends, that by a Reduction of the present Duty, that End would not be attained; for that, as the India Company do not bring home a sufficient Quantity, the Dealers, by bidding one above another, would give the said Company an advanced Price equal to the Reduction of the Duty.

That he apprehends the Running of Tea may be prevented, without reducing the present Duties, if the said Company were obliged to supply Dealers with a Quantity equal to the Consumption of this Kingdom, and their Two Sales in the Year v. ere fixed to certain times.

That if a free Pardon was granted to Persons concerned in the Practice of running this Commodity, he believes that many of them, particularly most of those who have acquired large Sums of Money, would accept it; and that if they be not effectually pardoned, they will keep together in Bodies, for their own Security, and continue their Practices, though attended with very little. Profit.

Being asked the Question; He said, he apprehends if some Method were contrived to employ these Persons on board the King's Ships, it would greatly prevent the carrying on the said Practice.

Mr. BarnabyBland said, That he believes the annual

Consumption of Tea in this Kingdom to be about

4,000,000 of Pounds-weight, and the Quantity now run may be about 2,000,000 of Pounds-weight a Year; and that he apprehends there is no Necdfity to reduce the present Duty on Tea, in order to prevent Smuggling,

provided

19 Geo. If. 24

provided the Company were allowed time to furnish themselves with Tea from abroad; for they would be able, under the present Duties, to fell it lb low as to prevent the Running of this Commodity; but, upon further* Examination, he owned, that he believed the Produce of the Duty, if reduced bd. in the Pound, would not be less than the Produce of the present Duty; and that such Reduction would more effectually and fconer put an End to Smuggling than it can be under the present Duties; and that if an Act of Indemnity was to pass, and the Gangs of Smugglers thereby dispersed, they would learcc be ever able to reunite; and then the 6 so reduced might, after some time, be safely revived: And that he thinks such Ad of Indemnity should contain so unlimited a Pardon as even to include Murder; for that he believes great Numbers of Smugglers have been concerned in Murder, and others, though innocent of the Commission of that Crime, yet may dread a Prosecutiorv upon such Account; That if, upon accepting this Pardon, they were obliged to regilier their real and Nicknames, it might be of Use; though some of them, be believes, would have Objections to such a Regilier; and if the Legislature would provide that, after such Pardon, future Smugglers should be deemed to be within the Description of the Act of the 9th of the late King, commonly called Jie Black Alt, it would greatly discourage

them.

Being questioned as to the Utility of fending them on board the King's Ships, w'ien taken ? He said, He did not think they could be put upon any Service from which they might not escape; and, in such Case, they would become more desperate.

And he further said, That if some Law was made, for the more effectual securing the VdTels employed in Smuggling for the Service of the Crown, and for arming and employing them on the CoaR in the Service of the Customs (they being the bell failing Vessels that are. built) it would greatly distress those employed in running Goods.

Mr. Wood, being examined, said, That in his Opinion nothing would prevent Smuggling in general but lowering the Duties; and.that another R-duction upon Tea, (itthe East- India Company foid at a Price in proportion

to such Reduction') would undoubtedly be of Service to prevent Smuggling.

That the Smugglers themselves lay. That a general Pardon would bring many of them in; but be thinks Murder should be excepted therein, as it would oiyly affect^, a very small Number; for he believes, that but few have a&Oally committed or been concerned in Murder.

And he added. That the Smugglers are in Combina^ tion at this time; and the Way to break them, is to grant a Pardon, which, he is of Opinion, would ^ifperle them, at least for the present: But said, there is no judg-r ing of this with any Certainty; for that feverad, wfio have' been apprehended, and pardoned, have immediately returned to Smuggling, and whether they may not refuse a general Pardon is uncertain; but he thinks it an Experiment worth trying, as no evil Consequences can attend it.

That he apprehends it would be of great Service if all the Boats and Vessels under Forty Tons, taken in these Prad ices, were liable to be burnt; for although the Smugglers could build others, yet it would hinder and distress them, and put them to much greater Expence than they are now at, in purchasing them again.

And being asked the Question; He laid. He conceived. That if certain Penalties were inflicted on such Officers, of Revenue as should connive at Frauds, or neglect their Duty, it would be of great Service; and that the heavier the Penalties were, the more they would bind the Officers to a due Discharge of their Duty.

Being asked, Whether if Rewards were given for apprehending Persons concerned in running Goods, many would not be taken by that means ? He answered. That he has known large Rewards offered by Advertisements,

Vol. 25.

published in the Country; but they were to no Purpose, People being afraid to inform.

And being asked, Whether it would hot be a Means to prevent tire Smuggling Trade, if Smugglers were to be put on board the King's Ships, and there employed for a certain Number of Years, and to be deemed Felons, in case they should run away ? He answered. That many Difficulties would attend the Execution of such a Law: That they must be convicted before they are feat on board; and, upon such Conviction, they may, by the Laws now in being, be transported: That he believes they might be made useful on board of Ships; but it would be difficult to keep them there, and after their Escape they would be very desperate 1 and therefore, he is of Opinion, it would be better to fend them abroad to Gibraltar or Port Mahon, than to employ them on board Men of War; and added. That he believed if a Pardon was offered, on the Terms of their entering on board tha. King's Ships, it would be of no Effect j for that several Smugglers have told him. That they would not accept of a Pardon on that Condition.

Mr. John Hayward said. That reducing the present Duties on Tea Six Pence per Pound, would dbubtless contribute to prevent its being run, provided the lugfl-ItuBa Company would supply the Dealers with a sufficient Quantity, and the Dealers not bid up the Price too high at the Company's Saks, which, upon Reduction, baa been the Practice; for in this same this Reduction would be given to the Company.

And he added, That he does think the said Company have it now in their Power to give an effectual Check to the Running of Tea; for as they have bought a very considerable Quantity of coarse Green and Bohea Teas in Holland, they might now import it all, and put it up to Sale, together with the Quantity they have by them, which would more than supply all Demands; and therefore the Price could not be raised by speculative Buyers and Smugglers Agents; but if the Company reserve their Dnfah Tea till the Sale after next, and at the next Sale only put up kbe Quantity they now have by them, there will not be a fufScietft Quantity to supply the Dealorsji and it will advance the Price Six Pence in a Pound more then if /They offered the Dutch Tea to Sale at the same time.; '1 v. "

Mr. Shale Adams said. That the mqft efleclual Method r© put a Stop to Smuggling! would be by reduoing the Duty in such a manner a* to make it act worth*the Smugglers while to run it, together with a general) Pardon to Smugglers: That in his Opinion, the U. Duty should be feflktad, and not the perCcnt.ndvafrremi foe that,

at the haft Etjfi* Indio. Safe, there was some Tea sold at 3*)4</. a Pound, arid tome for upwards: of »7J. and it is unreasonahk that! the one IhouW pay a Dutyper Pound as large as the other, especially as the latter goes further in the Consumption; for, should the 1 Pound remain, that Tea which cod $s. 4 will pay ;a Duty of £.30 perCent. the other/ which coll 1.7a. a Pound, or upwards, will pay only £.6 per Cent.: That' the chief Consumption of Tea is in the ordinary Sorts, and which are the Support of the Smugglers.

That he imagines another-, ill Costsequence might be cured by the not lessening the ad valorem Duty, which is that of running up the Goods to too great a Price at the East India Sale; for when a Buyer considers, that upon every Peny he bids 25 per Cent, on that Peny, he will be cautious how he runs too great a length; and keeping the Market at a low Rate is a very important Point; for if the Smuggler finds it his IntereR to smuggle, he will do it; and no way is so likely to keep the Market low as an act valorem Duty: That if at the East India Sale the Price of Tea be runup beyond its Value, in proportion to foreign Markets, and the Smuggler thereby encouraged to run it, the Revenue will be compensated for the Lois it may fullain by the Deficiency of the Number of Pounds, by an increase of Duty.

Mr. John Scrivener, being examined, concurred in.

F f Evidence

Cwmnktt*

00

Smuggling.

Ccxmftittce

on

Smuggling.

no 240 — 25 A. 1746.

Evidence with Mr. Adams, is to the Method of preventing the Smuggling of Tea, by reducing the Duty, and granting a free Pardon for Offences for Running of Goods; and in the Reaions why Redtidion of the is. per Pound is preferable to an Abatement in the £ per Cent, ad valorem; and added, That it will always be in the Power of the East India Company to affect the Practice of Smuggling more or less; for if they do not bring in a Quantity sufficient to supply all Demands, whatever Laws are made against it. Smuggling will still continue.

That he is of Opinion, That were the East India Company to fopply the Trade with a sufficient Quantity, at a low Price, and 6 d.per Pound Duty taken off, the Deale's would then be enabled to fell JBohea Tea for per Pound, and Green for $s. which would not only ruin the Smugglers, but the Company might in time engrossalmost all the Trade to themselves, and fell to several of thol'e Nations who now fell to usj for then, as the Danes, Swedes, and French, would not bring near the Quantities they do at present, they must be driven out of the Trade; because it would not be worth their while to go to the Indies to supply their own Consumption.

The Witness said further, That he has been twice in

China; and is fore, that if the Company would give £.25 per Cent, more for the fine Teas, they might secure the whole Quantity to themselves.

Then the Committee came to the the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the high Duties charged upon Tea, and other Commodities, have been One Cause of the infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act of Indemnity, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for Persons guilty, of the infamous Practice of Smuggling, was not extensive enough for the Pardon of several Persons therein concerned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the not efTedually prosecuting Owners of Vessels used in carrying on the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, is another Cause of that infamous Practice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins'Committee, That the exposing to Sale the Boats, and other Vessels, taken from Persons carrying on the Practice of Smuggling, by means of which, such Boats, or Vessels,' are often bought by the same or other Persons carrying on the faihe pernicious Practice, is another Cause of the Continuance, and an. Encouragement of Smuggling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the ealy Composition of the Penalties incurred by Persons convicted of Running, or being concerned with" others, in Running; Landthg; or Ditpofing of uncuf-. tomed Goods, is another Cause of the said pernicious Practice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this: Committee, That the want of proper; Penal ties and Punishments to be inflicted upon Officers--of the Excise and Custonrts, for Neglect of Duty, or Misbehaviour in their respective Offices, is another Cause of the said pernicious Practice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That lowering the Duties on Tea, and other Commodities, would be One Means to prevent the said pernicious > Practice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a general Ad of Indemnity to all Persons guilty of any- Crimes again (I the Laws for preventing the running uncustomed Goods (except such as have been guilty of Murder) will be One other Means to put a Stop to the infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the burning the Boats, and other Vessels, belonging to, and taken from, Persons concerned in the infamous Practice of Smuggling, will be One other Means to prevent the said Practice.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the compelling Seamen and Seafaring-men, taken

on board any Ship or Vessel employed in Running uncustomed Goods, or otherwise concerned in Landing or Dif poling of the lame, to serve for a certain T>me on board his Majesty's Ships of War, would be One other Means to prevent the infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the giving a Reward for the discovering and apprehending all such Persons who have followed the infamous Practice of Smuggling, either by Sea or Land, or as Riders, would be another Means for putting an End to the infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the incapacitating all Persons who shall hereafter be convicted of Running uncustomed Goods, from voting at Elections for Members of Parliament, will be another Means of preventing the infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the prosecuting such Subjects of his Majesty who shall resort to the Ports of France, and carry with them Sums of Money, or Wool, or give them Intelligence, in Time of War, as guilty of High Treason, would be another Means of preventing Smuggling.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 25° die Martii; '

Anno 19* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1746. Prayers.

MR. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Simon Lord Viscount certain Lands

in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart, with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the real and leasehold Estates late of Edward Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and other Purposes; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Palling Overseers Accounts; That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause to impower Overseers of the Poor to levy the Sums charged by any Rate or Assessment made for Relief of the Poor, notwithstanding Notice of Appeal; subject however to the Determination upon such Appeal.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Carew,

' and

Lord Harcouri's E dates-

Wright*

Efbuca.

Poor Law*.

Preferration of Havens Sc Co

Ill

African

Company

Crabb's

Naire.

Liverpoole, &c. Roads.

Ditto.

19 Geo. II 250 — 160

and Mr. Fazakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the

iinne.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, an Estimate of the Charges of a military Establishment for maintaining and supporting the respective Forts and Settlements belonging to the said Company on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1746.

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrod'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Henry Crabb, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with* out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns> Ports, and Places, of Prefcot, cum Rain-

hill, Crouton, IVhifton, West derby, , and War-

rington, and of several of the Commissioners named or appointed in pursuance of the Act of Parliament, in the Petition mentioned, whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed and distinguished, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That if the Bill, brought into the House in Consequence of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, for repairing and enlarging the Road from to and

other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, was referred (which Bill is now depending before the House) should pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend it will be prejudicial to them, as well as to other Persons, inhabiting in the Towns and Places adjoining or near to the said Roads, and to others, travelling through the fame: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against: so much of the said Bill as directs or concerns the repairing the Road, in the said Petition described, to lead from the Town , of Prefcot aforesaid to the Chapel of Saint Helen, in the Hamlet of Archie, in the Township of Windle, in the said County of Lancaster, further on the great Road, leading to the Market Towns of Bolton and Rochdale, and also to the County of York, and opening a Way to several Ranks of Coal-pits, in the said Petition specified; and such other Parts of the said Bill, as the Petitioners are aggrieved by.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to Prefcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County; is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, pursuant to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Ordered, Tint it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, again (I the said Petition.

Ordered, That all that come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough Town of IVigan, whose Names are thereunto severally sub-

feribed, was also presented to the House, and read; praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Parts of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill. Vox.. 23.

is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, pursuant to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of , Liverpoole,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to «

the House, and read, in Favour of the said Bill; praying,

That the said Bill may be allowed to pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his P*Per» *»- Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Di- e,'art-martial reftions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of at c hatha*, all Letters that have been sent by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or by the Prosecutors for the Crown, to the President of the Court-martial lately held at;

and likewise of all Letters sent by the President of the said Court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or to the Prosecutors for the Crown, so far as the same relate to Examinations, viva voce, by the said Prosecutors, of Witnesses produced at the respective Trials, before the said Court-martial.

A Motion being made. That an humble Address be Motion re presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously ft>ccting . plealed to give Directions, that there be laid before this ^"u^[rnurt House, Copies of all Letters sent by the Secretary of the Lestock. Admiralty; and of all Letters, Protests, or Memorials, sent or delivered by Admiral MattheMr. Lestock, or the Prosecutors for the Crown, to the President of the Court-martial, now holding at Deptford, for the Trial of the said Mr. Lestock; and of all Letters sent by the Pre-fidenc of the said Court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty, to Admiral Matthews, Mr. , or the Prosecutors for the Crown; and of the Minutes and Resolutions of the said Court-martial; and of all Letters received by the Secretary of the Admiralty from Admiral Matthews, or Mr. Lestock, or sent by the said Secretary to them, or either of them, so far as the same relate to admitting Admiral Matthews to be present, and to examine Witnesses, viva voce, at the said Trial, in order to make good his Accusation against the said Mr. Lestock.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjourn®*; That the House do now adjourn;

It was relblved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Martii

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 174$.

Prayers.

0RDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before Account of this House, an Account of what Arrears of Land- Land Tax Taxes were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names Anaara. of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Account of House, an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon House-Datf Houses were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Anoais Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered,

I 12

5,6° — 27* MartiL . 1746.

State of the Ordered, That Sir Charles Kern, ‘tynle, and Mr. Gwyn, Land Forces, be added to the Committee who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods ofmuftering and rccruit- ' ing the said Land Forces and Marines.

Cribb'* Art ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Act Act Name. j0 enab|t Henry Crabb, and his Heirs Male, to take and use

the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

AMreTsMb* Ordered, That the Address, which was Yesterday re* presented. fblved to be presented to his Majesty, be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Regulations 7 Xefolved, That an humble Address be presented to his the r^at^*n*' Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to give F«ce»!, KI Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of his Majesty's Regulations for cloathing the Land Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Poor Laws. Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Passing Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lord An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Simon Lord Viscount certain

w,‘ Lands in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trusts limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart, with Susannah his now Wife; and fur purchasingother Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the Third rime.

Refbhed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Accounts of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Te* * Account of the Quantity of Tea' exported from por ‘ 1743, to Christmas 1744.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Christmas 1744, to Midsummer 1745.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Midfitn-mer 1745,10 Christmas 17 45.

The Orders of the Day heing read;

Supply. Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HduTe; to eonfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way* Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-au<i Mean*. night, rek*lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of Ways and Means for-railing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner have Leave to make a Morion, it being after Two of the Clack:

And he moved the House accordingly:

18

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, refblve Regulating itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the t,ie NlUitia. Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they bad made some Progrds in the Bill;' and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonfider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Dote of Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of Leeds; and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the rest of the said Duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for si!r» Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in Wakefield, in Estate. the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 70 dieMartii;

Anno 19° Georgii II^ Regis, 1746.

PltATERS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of Leeds'* Leeds', and for applying Part of the Money arising t^ate-thereby in Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the Residuein Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the rest of the said Duke's settled Estates j and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Norborne Berkeley reported from the Committee, Gloacester, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers *c. Roads granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his 1 at Majesty King George the Fi rft, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone; and also, the Roads to and near Berkeley, Durflej, Wootton-V

Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester; and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him t® report to the House ;and he read the Report in hi*

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by th®

House.

Ordered,

*9 Geo. II. 27*

Ordered, That the Bill be recommitted.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

And the Committee are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Sill'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in IVakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

AfTtan The House being informed, That Mr. Ac*

Company. comptant-General to the Royal African Company of land, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House) pursuant to their Order, an Estimate of the Charges of a Military Establishment for maintaining and supporting the respective Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England on the Coast of Africa, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

State ®f Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed to the Land consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma-Forcc*. rines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, have Leave to fit, during the Adjournment of the House.

Claurrftrr Mr. Nor borne Berkeley reported from the Committee. *c. Honda!to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to; and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, Wool ton- Under edge,

Stroud, and Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester; and for making the said Act more effectual; was re-committed; That the Committee had made another Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ln*e of Ordered, That Sir T Drury have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over upon House. the 10th Day of April next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Poor Ordered, That the Bill to obviate certain Difficulties Laws. in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Palling Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates; be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday the 7th Day of April next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Vox.. 25.

-70 Aprilis. 113

Luncei 7 die /Iprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

P R A Y £ k S.

fjR DERED, That Mr. Foley senior have Leave to go Lfaveof

into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigleyhave Leave to go into the Ditto.

Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Shepheard have Leave to go into Ditto,

the Country, for the better Recovery of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sill's for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in IVakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of 'Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Breretou, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wynn., Mr. Mr.

cot, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Charlton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pelham, Sir James Grant, Mr. West, Mr. Sir Francis

Dashwood, Lord Perceval, Mr. Baynt Sir Roger digate. Sir John Cust, Mr. Cope, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Ellis, Lord Hartington, Mr. Owen, Sir Thomas Wynne, Lord Coke, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Cha. -daunt, Mr. Carew, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Crowle,

Mr. Bodville, Mr. Plutner, Mr. OJba Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Erfitin, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Dr. Lee, Mr- Hill, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Best, Sir John Molesworth,

Mr. Ongley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are co meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of; Leeds'*

and for applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Estate*

Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the rest of the said Duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Harley, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. York, Mr. Fox, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Levinz,

Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Mr. White

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mellish, Mr. ChaSir Francis

Mr. Pelham, Sir James Grant, Mr. West, Mr. Prowse,

Sir Francis Da/hwood, Lord Perceval, Mr. Sir

Roger Newdigate, Sir John Cust, Mr. Cope, Mr. Bacon,

Sir Edward Turner, Mr. Ellis, Lord Hartington, Mr.

Owen, Sir Thomas Wynne, Lord Coke, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Secretary at|War, Mr.

Lord Middlesex, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Scott, Mr. Fane,

Mr. Vere, Mr. Drake, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr.

Gwynn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Best, Mr. Winford, Mr. Rouney,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Humphry; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Hertford, Bucks,

Nottingham, Turk, Lincoln, Dorset, Southampton, -

cester, Kent, Surrey, Sussex, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Secretary at War reported to the House, That Regulation* their Address of Wednesday the 26th Day of March last,f(>r That his Majesty would be graciously picafed to give parce*" Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of his Majesty's Regulations for clothing the Land Forces and Marines, had been presented to his Majesty; and

G g that

Froome Bnrge, &c.

Preservation of Havens,

Papish* Deed* and Wills.

Rc^wlatln^r

Elections for Cities, &c.

Duties on

Tcj.

114 70 Aprtlis. 1746-

that his Majesty had commanded him to present to the House, pursuant to thefeid Address. Regulations for the Clothing of his Majesty's Forces, in Time of Peace: And also,

Warrant for regulating the Clothing of his Majesty's Horse and Dragoon Forces.

And Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House the said Papers accordingly.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The laid Papers are bound up with the Other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, ^nd the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

Mr. John Pitt presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to impower Lora Pitt Widow to e rest a Bridge or Bridges over the River; and to make a

Road or Causeway to the East End of the Town of chef er, over Lands in' the Manor of Forthin^ton, in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Maekworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Preservation of HavenS, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called EnglandAnd the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devilces, and Lessees.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulating of Elections of Members to fetve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting: And that Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, Mr. Fere, and Mr. Bacon, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

A Petition of the several subscribing Merchants of the City of London, and other Persons interested in the Trade from this Kingdom to Ireland, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by several Acts of Parliament, now in force, all Teas imported into Great Britain are subjected, upon the Importation, to divers Subsidies and Imposts, amounting to near f. 14. per Chut which Subsidies and

Imposts have constantly, ever since the 12th of his Majesty King Charles the Second, to the 25th of June last, been drawn back, and repaid, upon Exportation, except only half the Old Subsidy; and that the Duties thus drawn back amount to£. 12. 31. id. per :That byjan Act, passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, in lieu of the former inland Duties payable to his Majesty on Teas, a new Duty is imposed thereon, of 1 per Pound, and of £. 25 for every £. 100 Value of Tea, at the Gross Price at which it is sold at the India Company's Sales, o\er and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, payable on the Importation; which Duty is to be paid 18

down on all Tea, before it can be taken out of the Company's Warehouse, for any Purpose whatsoever: And it is thereby further enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed for any Tea to be exported or shipped, to be exported after 24th June 1745, when the said Act took place: That the Eaf-India Company have the Privilege of importing Tea into Great Britain, and the only legal Supply which Ireland, and his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, can have of that Commodity, mud be from the Importation here: That several re-strictive Claufts have been, from time to time, inserted in all the Acts of Parliament, which have allowed the Drawback on Tea, to prevent any Frauds or Abuses, either against the Revenue, or the fair Trader; and particularly by an Act, passed in the 10th Year of his late Majesty, for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, and payable upon Coffee, Tea, £sV. and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it is enacted, That no Tea shall be delivered out from the Warehouses for Exportation, until Security first given that the same shall be exported, and not re-landed in Great Britain: That by the Encouragement of the Drawback Ireland and the Plantations have hitherto taken for their Consumption, large Quantities of Teas, imported into Great; and

that the' Consumption of Tea, in those Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, has, for forne time past, considerably increased; inso much, that in 10 Years time the Quantity exported from hence to tvas doubled,

and That to the Plantations trebled; the annual Export having arisen to near 400,000 lb. of Tea, before the Act of the last Session of Parliament was passed: That in Ireland and the Plantations, clandestine Importations are morse practised than in Great Britain; and that by their natural Situation, and the necessary frequent Intercourse they have with Foreigners, they are particularly exposed to Temptations of this kind; and that, even whilst they enjoyed the Benefit of the Drawback, there was no Ids than Two-thirds of the whole Consumption clandestinely imported to Ireland, to evade paying the Duty of tid. per Pound, to which all Tea is subjected, immediately upon the Importation there; and that, though the precise Quantity illicitly imported into the Plantations cannot be ascertained, the amount must have been very considerable: That all Teas font from hence, being at present burdened with the Inland Duty and Custom, and no Drawback being received here on the Exportation, foreign Teas are now introduced into Iteland and the Plantations, for less than One hundred per Cent, of what they can be imported from Great Britain; which makes the present Law amount to a Prohibition of English Tea in those Parts: That the Exportation of Teas being thus Itopt, the Importation into this Kingdom from mwft necessarily decrease in proportion, and thereby many valuable Advantages be loll to the Nation, in respect to Trade and Navigation: That by discontinuing the Drawback, and subjectingall Teas exported to the Payment of the Inland Duties here, the Irish will open the Door wider to a foreign Vent for their Wool and Woollen Manufactures, which will no longer be brought hither as Returns for Tea, to be exported from hence; the Trade of the Plantations, which, from the Policy of all Nations, should be confined to their Mother Country, will fall into the Hands of the Dutch and French, who will supply them with all European Commodities, which are now lent from hence; our declared Enemies, and most watchful Rivals in Trade, will only reap the Advantage of the Commerce of those his Majesty's Dominions; and the Mischiefs which this Part of the Act was calculated to rcdiefs, and which are already become more pernicious than ever, will be further extended to the great Fraud and Prejudice of the Revenue, and fair. Trader: And therefore praying the House to take this Matter into their Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief, as the Nature of the Circumstances requires, and the House shall fee fitting.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tic

19 Geo. II.

8° Aprilis.

*15

The Order of the Day being read kejubtiqg The House resolved itself into a Committee of the the Militia. wh0|c |-|oufet to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis % 8* \

Anno 19* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746. Prayers.

Accounts HHH E House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, A from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended "r°m4' the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, pnfented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from 1743, to

Christmas 1744: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Christmas 1744, to Midfumm 1745: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Midsummer 1745, to Christmas 1745.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Christmas 1743, to Christmas 1744.

Pounds,

From Christmas 1743, to Christmas ——

*744 *95*79°

Custom-house, London,

8 April 1746.

John , AfT. I. Gen.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Christmas 1744, to Midsummer 1745.

Pounds.

From Christmas 1744, to Midsummer —

*745 ----- - 43*>787

Custom-house, London,

8th April 1746,

John Oxen/ord, AfT. I. Gen.

An Account of the Quantity of Tea exported from Midsummer 1745, to Christmas 1745.

Pounds.

From Midsummer 1745, to Christmas ——

*745 3>°98

Custom-house, London,

8th April 1746.

John Oxenford, AfT I. Gen.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

ton, and Newton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Township of ton cum Roby, and frequently travelling through the Road leading from the Town of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Chapel of St Helens, in the Hamlet of Hardjhaw, in the Town ship of Windle, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Townships of Eccleston and Sutton, and frequently travelling through the Road leading from the Town of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Chapel of,

in the Hamlet of Archie, in the Township of Windle, in the said County, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Township of West Derby, and frequently travelling through the Road leading from the Town of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the

Hamlet of Archie, in the Township of , in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Townships of Prefcot and Knewftey, and frequently travelling through the Road leading from the Town of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Chapel of St. Helens, in the Hamlet of Hardjhaw, in the Township of Windle, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Townships of Parr and Windle, and frequently travelling through the Road leading from the Town of Prefcot, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the

Hamlet of Hardjhaw, in the Township of Windle, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants in and about the Town of Warrington, in the County Palatine of whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of their.lelves, and many other inhabitants, in and about the said Town of Warrington: And also,

A Petition of the Makers of, and Dealers in, the Woollen Manufactures inhabiting in the Town of Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Dealers in the said Manufactures;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the xath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to , and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster', and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County; may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Michael Baur :To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. James Shuttleworth have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

.Liverpoole, fcc. Reads.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Wigan, Mr presented to the House, according to

and the Townships of Winstanley, Billinge, Golborne, Ash- Order, a Bill for explaining and amending an Act of the Vol. 15. . 13th

Liverpool®, &c. Roads.

Ditto*

Ditto.

Ditto*

Ditto,

Ditto,

Ditto.

Baur's

Nat.

Learo of AbfoncOi

Amertear)

Colonial

Trade.

ti6 . 8* A 1746*

13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and another Act of the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service; and Privateefs, to annoy the Ertemy; and also, another Act of the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign; intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Admeifure- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more ment of effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed Coals. in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining the reto: And that the Land Mr. Henry Fox, and Mr. Edwin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Poor Laws. A Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Paf-sing Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Africa# Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for exe-Company. cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, acquainted the House, That the Address of this House of the 26th Day of April in the last: Session of Parliament, in which this House did desire. That his Majesty would be graciously plea fed to direct, that the Officer commanding the Ships of War to be Rationed on the Coast of Africa might be instructed to visit, inspect, and survey, all the British Forts, Settlements, and Garrisons, upon the said Coast; to take a particular Account of their present State and Condition; and to make a Return thereof to his Majesty, by the first convenient Opportunity that might offer for that Purpose; and that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the said Return ro be laid before this House, in this Session of Parliament; was presented to his Majesty, after such Station Ships had failed for the said Coast; so that the commanding Officer of such Ships could not receive the Instructions intended by the said Address, in order to make a Return thereunto, to be laid before this House: But that the said Commissioners had received his Majesty's Command to lay before this House, an Account of the State and Condition of the Royal African Company's Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa under-mentioned; viz. Cape Coast Castle, James Fort, in Gambia River, Sttccondee, Commenda, and Dixcove, transmitted to the Admiralty-Office in a Letter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, dated the 4th of August 1745;

And Mr. George Grenville accordingly presented to the House the said Account.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Majesty, Copies of all Letters that have been sent by the Secretary of the Admiralty, or by the Prosecutors for the Crown, to the Fresident of the Court-martial lately held at Chatham; and likewise of all Letters sent by the Pre-lident of the said Court-martial to the Secretary of the Admiralty, or to the Prosecutors for the Crown; so far as the facne relate to Examinations viva voce, by the said Prosecutors, of Witnesses produced at the respective Trials before the said Court-martial.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read*

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wright's for veiling the real and leasehold Estates late of Edward Eft*1* Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and other Purposes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. burton, Mr. Cartw, Mr. GvJynn, Mr. Mr. Drake,

Mr. Meltish, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Sir Roger

Newdigate, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Humphry, Lord Mr. Plumptre, Mr. IVhichcote, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Edwin, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Rolle, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Knight, Mr. West, Sir JVm. Calvert, Mr. Affleck, Sir James Grant, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Boone, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Brereton, Sir Charles Mordaunt; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, Salop, Stafford, and North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Manufacture Consideration the Report from the Committee to whom o( sail-cloth, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners,

Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax, in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London; were severally referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into further Considera- Prevention of tion the Report from the Committee, to whom it was Smuggling, referred to inquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House.

And the First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the infamous Practice of Smuggling: And that Admiral Vernon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Comewall, Mr.

Hay, and Mr. Carew, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Papers re*

fprctinjf

Couir-martbl

at Chatham.

Mr. George Grenville, from the said Commissioners, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his

Regulating Elections for Cities, &c.

Frr(rnr»tion el Havens, Itc.

Prevention

of

SaemggYi ng.

Innpressing Srainea in

Cekwiicfc

ip GEb. It.

Mercurii, g° die Apr His j

Anno 19* Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Mil. Phrmptre presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of 40r. a Year have a Right of voting: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Glanville, Sir Richard Lloyd, and Sir John Philipps, be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for preventing the infamous Piaftice of Smuggling.

A Petition of the Agents for the British Sugar Colonies in America, and of the subscribing Planters and Merchants, interested in and trading to America, was presented to the House, and read; representing. That the British Sugar Islands being unable to subsist by their own Productions, depend absolutely for their Subsistence on the Provisions of North America, both as to Bread, Corn, Fish, and many other Necessaries of Life, which they constantly receive from thence, having seldom a Supply on their Islands for more than Two Months; so that every Interruption or Difeouragement to the Trade and Commerce carried on between the British Sugar Islands, and the British Northern Colonies in America, threatens his Majesty's Subjects in those Parts with Famine: That the said Colonies, not having Timber of their own Growth fit for the purpose of making Calks, cannot remit their Produce of Sugar and Rum to this Kingdom, without large and constant Supplies of Lumber from North America; and that whatever therefore obstructs that Trade, inevitably puts the Sugar Colonies under the greatest Distress: And further representing to the House, the destructive Consequences of impressing Seamen in the Sugar Colonies; and reciting several Provisions for the effectual Prevention of these Evils, made by an Act of the 6th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America; and alleging, that these Provisions, made

by this Act, were of the greatest Benefit, not only to the Sugar Islands, but also to the Navigation, Trade, and Commerce, of this Kingdom, and, in consequence thereof, to the Revenue of the Crown; and that no inconveni-cncy was thereby brought on the Ships of War in those Parts: And setting forth, That, as the Petitioners apprehend, that Part of this Act which restrains the Impressing of Seamen in the British Colonies is perpetual, not only from the Nature of the Provision itself (which is equally necessary in Time of Peace as in Time of War- but from the Obligation all Ships are now under, before they can have their Clearances to fail from the Su-^gar Islands, to deliver in at the Custom-house the Lift of their Men, required by the 1 ith Section of the said Act, and which is done in pursuance of the said Act; but that the Admirals, and other Commanders of his Majesty's jKavy Rationed in America, ppon a Supposition, that the Voc. 2J.

said Act of Parliament expired with the last War, have revived the Practice of impressing Seamen iri those Parts, as well out of Privateers as out of Merchaht Ships; and particularly have, in Jamaica, impressed Hands but of the Northern Vessels, who came toiupply the Inhabitants of Jamaica with their daily Bread: And further representing to the House the Distrcls which this Practicehath brought upon the British Sugar Colonies, and the Benefit received in consequfence thereof, by our greatest Enemies and Rivals in Trade, the French, to the great Injury of the British Navigation and Commerce, and to the occasioning the Course of Trade to the Spanish Main being alfcr turned into thb Channel of the neutral Ports of St. EuJiatia and Curacoa: And setting forth, That the Royal Navy receives very little, if any. Benefit therefrom, and would be much better manned, without impressing, by the Me-, thod prescribed by the 13th Section of the said Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House, That they will be pleased to take the Premises into theirferious Consideration; and that they will, by a Law to be passed for that Purpose, either declare That Part of the said Act of the 6th of Queen Anne, prohibiting the Impressing of Seamen in the British Colonies and Plantations to be in full Force; or that the same Provisions made by that Act may be re-enacted; or that such other Remedy and Relief may be provided, for the effectual preventing the impressing Seamen in his Majesty's Colonies in America, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Petition.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House, Proposals forfurniffi-ing a Body of the Troops of Hanover: And allb.

Copy of a Memorial delivered by the Baron De Wafner, Minister Plenipotentiary from their Imperial Majesties, to the Earl of Harrington, the Second of April 1746, and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The laid Copy of the said Memorial is bound up w th the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Proposals and Translation of the said Memorial, are as follow; viz.

Proposals for furnishing a Body of the Troops of,

to be employed in the Low Countries, for the Service

of the Year 1746.

WHEREAS his Majesty has maintained in the Low Countries, from the 25th Day of December last, a Body of his Electoral Troops, consisting of 3,000 Horse, and 5,000 Foot: And whereas it is found necessary, that a further Body of Troops should be procured, to act in the Law Countries in Conjunction with the Aufirian Troops, and those of the States General of the United Provinces; his Majesty, in Consideration of the great Difficulties there are to obtain a sufficient Number of Troops for that Purpose from other Princes or States, does propose to continue the said 8,000 Troops; and to fend forthwith, into the Low Countries, a further Body of his Electoral Troops, consisting of Eight thousand Foot, and Two thousand Horse, on the following Conditions; viz.

That there be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subsistence of the said Two Bodies of Troops (making in the whole a Body of Eighteen thousand Men) the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling.

That the said Troops be allowed to march back into his Majesty's Electoral Dominions, on the 25th Day of November in this present Year, in case no previous Agreement shall be made for their remaining in the Low Countries.

That in c^fe his Majesty's Electoral Dominions shall

H h I*

Hanoverian

Troops,

118 9* — io8 jtfprilis. A. 1746.

be attacked, or invaded, his Majesty be at Liberty to order the said Troops to march back immediately, for the Defence of the fame.

And as it is thought necessarythat a Train of Artillery should attend the above-mentioned Troops, his Majesty will furnish the fame, on the Payment of an additional Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling.

Translation of a Memorial delivered by the Baron

Wafner, Minister Plenipotentiary from their Imperial Majesties, to the Earl of Harrington, on the 2d of April 1746.

THE under-written Minister Plenipotentiary from their Imperial Majesties, having given an Account to his Court of the strong and earnest Representations made by Order of his Majesty the King of Great , to convince his Court of the indispensable Necessity, by reason of the evident and extreme Danger to which both the Au/lrian Netherlands, and the Republick of itself,

was exposed, by the great Superiority of the French Armies, That her Majesty the Empress Queen should immediately fend into the said , and maintain

there, during the next Campaign, a very considerable Body of her Troops, to act in Conjunction with those of his Majesty and the States General, against the common Enemy; the Emprels Queen has ordered the under-writ-' ten Minister to acquaint the King, That nobody can have a truer Sense than The has of the Endeavours, and indefatigable Cares, which his Majesty continually took, for tire Preservation of the Liberty of , and that of his faithful Allies; and that, in order to co-operate thereto, on her Part, Ihe had resolved to exert herself to the utmost, as well for the Defence of the Republick of Holland, as of the Netherlands; and to have there, against the next Campaign, a Body of 50,000 Men, of 7ier own Troops: But ihe has, at the same time, ordered the under-written to acquaint his Majesty, That

in spite of all her good Intentions, she was not in a Con-‘dition, by reason of the very exhausted State of her Finances, to support, upon her own Account, the whole Expence of so considerable a Corps: especially considering the extraordinary Efforts which (he was obliged to make in other Parts, for the Good of the common Cause, and particularly in Italy, where her Majesty was, at this very time, making One of the most useful Diversions, even to the Service of the Netherlands That her Majesty was therefore very much mortified, at finding herself under the TCeceflity of requesting the King, and infilling, that, in order to assist her in maintaining the (kid Body of 50,000 Men, his Majesty will be pleased to grant her a Subsidy 0*

400,000 Pounds Sterling, for the present Year.

London, 2 April 1746. De Wafner.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, io be perused by the Members of the House.

Habeas Ordered, That Leave be given to -bring in a Bill for

Corpus continuing an Act of this present Session of Parliament, Suipeuiiofl. intjtuie(j) An Act to impower his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as Iris Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: And that , Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do iprepare, and bring in, the lame.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, lor the House to refolre itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Wav* . The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. ;te<olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, mo consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House, resolved itself into a Committee of the Regulaim? whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the lhe better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Aprilis>

Anno 19° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Baur'i

naturalizing Michael Baur, was read the First time. Nau Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- Habeas ing to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act of this pre- Corp-is sent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower Safpenfwwa his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Gloucefl*-, granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign *<= of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone; and also the Roads to and near Berkeley, Durfley, -

edge, Stroud, and Sudbury, in the County of Gloucester; and for -making the said Act more effectual; was-read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Press 3. Line 9. After " Blake," to insert " BlackWell of Upton St. Leonards, Richard Butler

L. aa. After " Dorney," to insert " John .* Dancer of Pahtfwick

L. 30. After "Clerk," to insert " the Reverend " George Gwynnet

Prcls 4. L. 4. After " Lockey" to insert " John

" day, Henry Loveday, of Painswick

L. 7. After " Mathews," to insert " the Reverend Mr. Moor, of Frampton :"

I- 10. After " Nicholas," to insert "

" Nezvland:"

L. 13. After " Esquires," to insert " William " Packer, John Packer, of Painfivick

JL 17. Before the Word " Dean," to insert " Edward Palling, the Reverend Stephen Phillips

L. 20. After " Ramcr.d," to insert " R.

Raiks, of Upton St. Leonards

L. 28. Act* " Saniger," to insert " John " Sadler, Sadler of Cranham :"

L. 41. After" Walker,"to insert " Edmund.

" Wicks, Thomas Wood, of Upton St. Leonards

Press

,i5> Geo. It,

Jo'

Corrfff*oRilence wir!i the Slices Gene* Ial* Ac.

Press 12. L. 7. To leave out "is directed to,'* and to insert the Word "shall," instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the 'Fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Glou to and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Nor borne Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House,

Copy of the Earl of Harrington's Letter to Messieurs d: Boetjlaer and Hop, dated 3d January 1745-6, and Translation: And also.

Copy of the Resolution of the States General, of the 21 January N, S. 1746, and Translation: And also.

Copy of a Memorial presented by Monsieur OJforio, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia, London, April 1746, and Translation.

Together with Lists of the said Papers.

And the said Lifts were read.

The Copies of the said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Translations thereof are as follow; viz.

Translation of Lord Harrington's Letter to Messieurs de Boetfiaer and Hop, of the 3d January 1745-6.

Gentlemen,

The King having maturely considered the Represen-tations and Demands on the Part of the States General, contained in their llesolution of the 25th November N. S.

I am commanded by his Majesty to acquaint you, by this Letter, with his Sentiments thereupon; desiring you to make them known, without Lois of Time, to their High Mightinesse.

You will pleats. Gentlemen, to allure them, at the same time. That the King's having deferred till now the returning an Answer in Form to the said Resolution, has not proceeded from any Want of Regard to the Security of the Republick (which his Majesty has always extremely at Heart) nor to any Difference in Opinion, with Respect to the Importance and Necessity of procuring an early Superiority next Spring in Flanders, but from thcahnoft dclperate Situation to which publick Affairs had been reduced; on one Hand, by the Continuance of the Prrffir.tWar; and on the other, by the very dangerous Circumstances of his Majesty's own Dominions.

Ic is true, that the latter of those Two Caufos of his Majesty's Silence does still fubiut, and is even every Day increasing. by the vast Preparations now making by France to support the Rebellion in this Country; but the former being now happily at an End, by the Peace concluded ti.e 25th pad at Drefde; the King, who has always declared to the States his Readinets to join with them in proper Measures, for the Defence of their own Frontiers, and of the Remainder of the , lays

hold of this first Appearance of a more hopeful Prospect to open to their High Mightinesse his own Sentiments, as to what may be still done for the Benefit of our common Interest; and to explain to them what be is able and willing to contribute thereto on his own Part.

But, in the First place, with regard to this Point, his Majesty desires it may be considered how greatly the same is altered, lines the Concert entered into with the States the last Winter; at which time, there being nothing to be apprehended, with respect to the Security of his own Kingdoms, the King was enabled to transport a large Body of British Troops mto Flander, and to maintain theua there, during the whole Campaign, over and above the foreign Troops which he took into his Pay; whereas Vox.. 25.

now, by reason of the Rebellion in his Majesty's Dominions, and the Invasions threatened, and on the Point of being executed, by foreign Powers, it has been necessary not only to recall all our national Force; but to lend for the 6,000 Hejftans besides, for our domestick Safety; the former are an equal Charge to the Nation; whilst employed here, as when abroad; and the latter a much greater here; the additional Load of Expence now incurred for the necessary Protection of our Sea-Coasts against the Fleets of France and Spain, and the great and burthen-some Augmentation which his Majesty has been obliged to make in his Land Forces, upon account of the Rebellion, must be likewise brought to Account; and all this at a Time when the publick Revenues are exceedingly diminished, by the almost total Stagnation of our inland Trade, and the Difficulties arising trom the War to our foreign Commerce, and when the publick Credit is, as may well be imagined, l'o greatly ajfe&ed by these internal Disturbances, and Apprehensions from our foreign Enemies, that it cannot be practicable to raile Money, in the same proportion as before, for the Service of the Continent.

In the mean while, the States General are in a very different Situation from that 0 the Security of

the Netherlands, which is to us a foreign, but indeed very

important Object, is to them in a manner a domestick one; inso much, that whatever Troops or Money they raise for that Service, are in fact employed for their own immediate Protection: And as, by having hitherto declined to declare War against France, as the King has a Right to expect they should do, in pursuance of the Treaties, they have kept themselves clear of all Hostilities by Sea, their Trade, and consequently their Revenues, are not exposed to the same Diminution as those of his Majesty; notwithstanding which, their High Mighti-nesses have recalled the Troops which they had sent to his Majesty's Assistance; and, after having first reduced their Naval Succour from Twenty to Ten Ships, they just now, in the Time of our greatest: Necessity, have withdrawn the Whole; both which Articles must be replaced by the King: And thus, what is laved thereby to the States, becomes a fresh Charge upon his Majesty.

This, however, is not laid by way of Complaint; but for the fake of shewing in how much better a Condition their High Mightinesse are than England to contribute to the Expence of the War in Flanders: And theqeccf-lary Conclusion froqi the Whole is; That, at this Juncture, when they now apprehend so great Danger iron? the Arms of France to their own Republick, it is reason-

able that they should redouble their Efforts for the next Campaign, but unreasonable to expect even equal Effort? to those of the last Campaign, from his Majesty:

The King is persuaded, fron? the known Equity of the States General,-that they will give all dye Weight to theft; Considerat ions; and does not hesitate to allure them. That be will, to the utmost of his Power, according to the present Circumstances of his Dominions, co-operate with them towards opposing the further Progress of the French Arms in the Netherlands, and defending the Frontiers of the Republick; and that as soon as the Situation of our domestick Affairs will admit of it, his Majesty will be disposed to give his Assistance, in such further Proportion as may then become practicable: But as the joint Efforts of the Maritime Powers do not appear sufficimt to answer the Ends which they propose to themselves, it is necessary to be informed, without Loss of Time, what we have to e^pect from the Em-prels, as Sovereign of the Netherlands, now (he is free from her Silejian War, towards their Defence and Pre-

servation.

As to what concerns the King in particular, l am ordered to say, Tlxat his Majesty, having feeruhe Planprp. posed by the Prince of Waldccby which it is represented, that an Army of Ninety-live thousand Men isne-ccflary to b employed the next Year in the j

lands, his Majesty does, for his own Part, approve the fame

Correspondence wish the States General, &c.

130 10° Apriltu A. 1746.

feme; and will do iiis utmost to facilitate the Execution of it.

To this End, the King offers to continue the 8,oooo Hanoverian Troops there will be able to fend back the

6,oooo Hessians thither, as soon as the present Rebellion

shall be suppressed; and will take, jointly with the States the io, ooa Saxons, granted by the Treaty of to

the Service of the Maritime Powers.

And in case the Queen of , who is obliged to

turnish, by the Barrier Treaty, 24,000 Men to the Service of the Netherlands, in Time of War, will increase that Contingent to the Number of 30,000, exclusive of the Garrison of Luxembourg, his Majesty will, by a proper Subsidy, to be paid, not in general, as before, but in proportion to the real Mullers of effective Men in the Field, contribute to enabling her to support the Expence of them.

If the States will, therefore, furnish 40,000 of their Troops to the Service of the Netherlands, as there is rea-ion to believe it is their Intention, from what Monsieur Boetflaer has declared, and make such an Addition to their present Forces as their own immediate Preservation, and the Necessity of Affairs, absolutely require, and join with his Majesty in taking the Saxons, as above mentioned, it only remains, that the Empress's Intentions be known, in order to settle the Whole upon this Foot, by an Agreement between the Three Powers, that we may immediately proceed to the Execution of it.

I have hot touched, in this Letter, upon what relates to the Defence of the Empire; because his Majesty is not in a Condition to contribute to it; and cannot doubt of the Emperor and Empress taking all proper Measures, in Conjunction with the Princes and Circles, for that Purpose: And with regard to Italy, the King ought to believe, that the Empress will now give that Attention to it which Ihe is obliged to, by the Treaty of Worms, and enabled to do, by the Conclusion of That of;

his Majesty being, oh his Part, still disposed to fulfil the Engagements which concern him, with the feme Exact-ness as he has hitherto, provided that be done.

The King having thus explained his Ideas and Intentions to the States General, and opened to them, in the greatest Confidence, the true Situation of his Affairs, his Majesty flatters himself, that their High Mightinesse will be equally frank and explicit in their Answer to him; and that he shall receive it as loon as possible; his Majesty not doubting, but that, as the Object of the War in Flanders is no longer the Assistance of the Queen of Hungary only, but extends to the Independence and to the very Being of the Republick itself, which has been treated with the moll infblent and indecent Menaces by France, the States General will be ready (as indeed they have of late often insinuated it to be their Intention) to exert their utmost Power, by Augmentations in their Land and Sea Forces, and all other Means, for the Preservation of their Religion and Liberties, by keeping the Enemy at a due Distancefrom their Frontiers; in like manner as his Majesty, whose Dominions are in a still greater State of Danger, being already actually invaded by France, in Support of the Pretender to his Crown, has been obliged to increase his Forces, and subject himself to many new and immense Expences; and that their High Mightinesse, -now that the same is become directly their own, and that they have thought it necessary to have Recourse to his Majesty's Assistance against the common Enemy, will no longer helitate to put themselves upon the same Foot with the British Nation, by declaring War against France', by this means they will support the Honour of the Republic, injuriously, and even contemptuously, treated by France; fulfil their Treaties towards their Allies; and encourage his Majesty's Subjects to exert tftemselves to th© utmost, in their Defence.

Translation of the Extract of the Register of the Resolur tions of their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces of the Countries.

Friday, 21 January 1746. The Report has been heard of Mefiieurs de wyck, and other Deputies of their High Mightinesse, for foreign Affairs; who, in Consequence of the Coin-million which was given them by the Resolution of Today, Date of these Presents; and, in order to satisfy the fame, have examined a Letter of Mefiieurs de and Hop. the respective Minister Plenipotentiary and Envoy Extraordinary df their High Mightinesse at the Britannick Court, written at London, the 14th of the current Month, addressedto the Secretary Fagel-, giving Advice of the Pains which they had continued to take in order to obtain a speedy and sufficient Succour in the Austrian Netherlands, and of what they had learnt upon this Subject; this Letter being accompanied with a Letter from Lord Harrington, wrote in the Name of his Britannick Majesty, in order to serve for an Answer to the Resolution of their High Mightinesse of the 25th of November last, concerning the same Subject: Whereupon, it having been deliberated, it was found fitting and re-lolved to write to Mefiieurs de Boetzlaer and That their High Mightinesse have seen, with a great deal of Satisfaction, by the Letter which the Lord Harrington had wrote to them, the cordial Declarations which his Majesty had been pleased to make, of his Inclination to co-operate with the Republick, in order to prevent the further Progresses of the French in the Austrian Netherlands, and to cover the Frontiers of the Republick; and the confidential Overture which it had pleased his Majesty to make of his Sentiments, with regard to the Means which, as the moll proper, ought to be employed for that Purpose: That they should have very much wished that Circumstances had allowed to do this sooner, considering the little Time which remains for to be able to take Measures jointly, and considering the present dangerous Situation to which Affairs are reduced; and that it had pleased his Majesty to explain himself further upon what his Majesty will contribute thereto.

That their High Mightinesse are too much attached, and have too great an Interest, in the Welfare of Great Britain, not to feel with his Majesty the considerable Alterations which have happened since last Winter, by the unhappy Rebellion, and the Invasion, with which the Kingdoms of his Majesty have been menaced, on the Part of France: And they acknowledge also willingly the Difficulty to which these Two Objects reduce his Majesty, and the Necessity which he has been under to oppose thereto the necessary Precautions; but that, at the feme time, they cannot dispense with themselves from considering. That the Affair of the Rebellion being Hopped, in its first Progress, and the Rebels being driven back, even into Scotland, there is Hopes that, by good Measures, these wicked Projects may be entirely dissipated and annihilated; and that the present happy Government of his Majesty will be, from thence, more firmly established: That hitherto their High Mightinesse have neither learnt nor received any News, upon which they can depend that France has made such great Preparations as those which have been given out, in order to undertake an Invasion of the Kingdoms of Great Britain-, and that, at all Events, the Forces which his Majesty has at present at Hand, joined to the Zeal of his own faithful Subjects, appear more than sufficient to prevent such precarious Undertakings.

That on the other Side, the Situation of Affairs in the Republick cannot be looked upon, by a great deal, so favourable as they seem to represent it to themselves in England', and that the Security of the Austrian Netherlands cannot be considered as a mere domestick Object, for their High Mightinesse than for Great Britain', for if it is true, that the Attention which they have for the Au-Brian Netherlands, as being more contiguous to them,

tends

ip Geo. II.

io

Aprilis.

i at

tends at the same time to the Safety of the Republick, it is also in like manner certain, that the Neighbourhood of France exposes them to more Hazard infinitely than Great Britain is exposed to by her Situation; and that it is much morepradicable to invade them than the said Kingdoms; the which being once effected, would necessarily be followed by the Ruin of Great Britain: Besides, that it will be always more cafy to make an Invasion into Great Britain, when the Low Countries shall be conquered, than whilst they shall I'erve as an Outwork to those Kingdoms, with respect to which, they cannot be considered as a foreign Objtd; efpetially considering that his Majesty is also a contracting Party of the Barrier Treaty; and that his Majesty, although the Republick hath borne all the Burden thereof, during the Peace, is, in the mean time, not Id's interested therein, than the Republick; that therefore the Preservation of the Low

Countries cannot be considered as of greater Advantage to the Republick than to Great Britain: That one ought as little to reckon to the Rcpubiick the Advantages which she might have enjoyed during the Troubles on account of her having been secured from any Hostilities by Sea, Cnee her Commerce hath fullered lo much for some time, by the great Number of Depredations which the Vessels of her Subj^ds have luflered and undergone, on the Part of the Two Parties at War, and even on the Part of their Allies; and that not only by Privateers, but even by Men of V\ ar; whereof fi> many Complaints, which have been so often, and which are still daily made, are Proofs that her Commerce hath thereby received a considerable Diminution and Interruption: That the Revenues a d the Funds of the Republick have also been so much diminished within these tew Years, that it is almost impossible for them to find out M^ans wherewithal to pay the great Charges to which the present Troubles expose them: And that besides That, their Finances, and their good Subjects, 1 uifer so much by the extraordinary Calamity occasioned by the terrible mortality amongst their Cattle, that they scarce know how to provide for the fame: That their High Mightinesses, advancing these Things agreeably to the Truth, allure themselves, that his Majesty will make suitable llefledions thereupon; and judge from thence, that nothing more can be required from them than what they have already done; and that they have in no wile been directed by a Spirit of Economy, but by a sincere Intention to contribute every thing that their Abilit ies have allowed them, for the Support of the common Caule: That in this View, amongst others, they have lately sent their Troops into Great tainr, though that Matter was subject to a greatmany Itc-fledions; and had done it solely upon the Supposition, that the BritannickTroops would have continued in the

Low Countries; which being since gone from thence, they have found themselves obliged to recall them: That with the same Intention they destined their Ships for the Service of his Majesty, at a Time when they had no Ships to guard their own Coasts; and that the long Absence alone, and the Inconveniences arising from thence to the said Ships, and their Crews, have obliged them to fend for them back; though, in order to shew their Dif-position to concur and contribute all in their Power towards every thing that may tend to his Majesty's Safety, they have, at his Requisition, given Orders, that such Ships as could be put into a Condition of immediate Service, should be employed in his Majesty's Service, till such time as a new Equipment of Ships could be prepared: That their High Mightincffes continue their utmost Efforts, and do intend, to do every thing in their Power; to which End, they have again lately resolved to take into their Service a good Number of Troops of the Princes of Germany, and would willingly do more, if it was in their Power; but that they mutt say, with Concern, that more is required and expelled of them, than is in their Power to effect; That the Assurances which his Majesty has given them, by the Lord Harrington's letter, of the favourable Dispositions he is in to increase Vol. 25,

his Efforts, as soon as the State of his Affairs will permit, Correspon-in proportion to what he shall be then able to do, may in- dence with deed give to their High Mightincffes some Hopes, that the State* his Majesty will make more Efforts; but that there is no t'eneral»&c* relying on such general Assurances, which are fixed on uncertain Conditions, and to an uncertain Time, whilst the present Necessity is so great, and the Time fb precious; and that one cannot depend, in the lead, but on what is actually promised to be put into immediate Execution.

That the Plan upon which his Majesty has fixed his Contingent for the fendingan Army into Flanders against next Spring, seems to be the Project of Prince;

by which he requires an Army in the Field of 95,000 fighting Men; which Projefl supposes there must be an Augmentation of 40,000 Men over and above what is at present there: But that the said Prince IValdeck, having afterwards learnt, that the Hessian Troops were to pais over into England, and having moreover considered, that

in his former Project they had too economically provided for the P aces which ought to have good Garrisons, and ti e Polls which ought to he guarded by a sufficient Corps, has transmitted another Scheme to their High Mightinesses, the Copy of which shall be sent to the said Mefiieurs Bcetzlaer and Hop; by which he demands abf'lutely the Nun ber of 109,000, and, consequently, eo.coo Men more than what are now there, in order to have some Security, that the next Campaign may not have so unfortunate an Issue, or even worse, than the preceding one: And when their High Mightinesses examine, agreeable to this Scheme, how these Troops can be got together, they do not find them in such For-wardneis, by the Answer his Majesty has given, as they could have wished: That their High Mightinesses learn, with Satisfaction, that his Majesty destines thereto, first, the 8,000 Hanoverians which remained in Flanders; and that he offers to fend back the 6,000 Hessians, as soon as the Rebellion shall be suppressed: But with respect to the Offer concerning the 6,000 Hessians, it is made on so uncertain a Footing, that they do not know what Dependance they can have upon it: That if his Majesty could find it convenient to countermand the 6,000 , which.

certainly, in the present Si tuat ion, byjudging of the exterior Appearance of Things, might be done, without neglecting the Safety of Great Britain, That would give provisionally some Ease for the present; whilst, without these

6,000, the Remainder of the Low Countries, is even now, and even before the Opening of the Campaign, exposed to a great deal of Danger: That with regard to what his Majesty further offers by the said Letter, to take into the Service of the Maritime Powers the 10,000 Saxons which, are granted to them by the Treaty of their High

Mightinesses have already caused to be made, by their Minister at the Court of Saxony, the provisional Requi-fition to that Effeifl; and are ready to expedite, in Concert with his Majesty's Minister, who is here, the Orders for making the forma] Demand of them, and to assist in making the necessary Dispositions for that Purpose: That for what regards the Offer which his Majesty makes, to put, by a suitable Subsidy, her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia in a Condition to augment her Troops in the Aujirian Low Countries to the Number of 30,000 Men, betides the Garrison of Luxembourg, their High Mightinesses must inform his Majesty,

That the Ministers of her Imperial Majesty have communicated here in a Conference, First, That her Majesty was actually fending into the Low Countries the Troops which she had withdrawn from thence the last Year, and Two Regiments of Hussars, which altogether may be reckoned at about 10,000 Men: Secondly, That she was ready to fend thither a further Corpsof 21,400 Men, in Consideration of proportionable Subsidies, to the Number of these Troops: And lastly, That as soon as Great Britain shall have paid the Remainder of the Convention, which was made for the 8,000 which are now in the Low Countries, she will not fail to

I i recruit

Correspondence with the States General,' 5c c.

122 ioa Aprilis. A. 1746.

recruit and augment them, agreeably to the Convention: That therefore it would be of great Use that his Majesty would authorize, as soon as possible, his Minister here at the Hague to terminate these Points; and that they cannot avoid pressing his Majesty so much the more to do this, as her Imperial Majesty has given to understand, that for want of providing for the same in time, she shall be obliged to fend these Troops into; from whence

they could not return, but with a great deal of Trouble, when it would be perhaps too late j and that it would be likewise in vain to reckon that the Eight thousand in the Low Countries could be recruited or completed, unless his Majesty would provide for the fame, in fulfilling the preceding Convention: But that, suppoling what is above mentioned could be obtained, there will still be wanting a good Number of Troops, before that which is required could be made complete: That their High Mightinesse will furnish, on their Part, the Number of

40,000 Men, as they did last Year; having even augmented that Number with Five Battalions; but that they are not aware in what manner, without employing like-wile the Hanoverian Troops who served that same Year upon the Rhine, the Number required, which must be an Augmentation of 60,000 Men, over and above that which is now in the Low Countries (without even reckoning the Hessians) can be got together in time: And yet

they do not observe that Lord Harrington, in his Letter, has been willing to explain himself on his Majesty's Part, with respect thereto: That as the said Hanoverian Troops have hitherto been in the Service of her Imperial Majesty, it is consequently indispensably necessary, that his Majesty would please to put her in a Condition to be able to employ those Troops likewise in the Low Countries; which will not be putting his Majesty upon greater Efforts than last Year, and will only be making him contribute as much as he did then: For the rest, their High Migh-tinefies assurethcmlelves, that with relationto thefurnish-ing the Artillery necessary, and the other extraordinary Expences of the War, his Majesty will observe the same Proportion which was followed in the last Campaign; and will make for this Purpose, without Delay, the necessary Dispositions for that Purpose: That their High Mighti-nesses expert, from the Zeal, and favourable Disposition of his Majesty, that he would be pleased to reflect anew -on all this, and take, as soon as possible, his Resolution; since there is no time left to negociate, but that effectivi Troops must be had, in order to preserve the Low -tries, and Troops which can be there immediately, if any Benefit is to be expected from thence: That with regard to the Declaration of War, which is required of the Re-publick at the Bottom of Lord Harrington's Letter, his Majesty knowing the very important Reasons which have hindered their High Mightinesse to this time, they cannot dilpenfe themselves from not infilling on the same Reasons, as being much stronger at present than they were the last Year: That the said Messieurs Boetzlaer and Hop will represent all that is above mentioned to his Majesty, and to his Ministers, the First Opportunity; and will make the most amicable Instances, and, at the same time, the strongest, to press, and endeavour to obtain, a speedy and satisfactory Answer: That in order to obtain this End, the said Messieurs Boetzlaer and Hop (Hall not omit observing, that the Number of Troops necessary must be in the Low Countries the Beginning of; and shall

make, incessantly, Instances to this Effect; That the Time is now near; that there is none left for to debate, or to negociate; and to write backwards and forwards; but, in order to have the whole complete, there is not a Moment of Time to be loft to cause the March of the Troops to begin. Part of which are distant; and to make those advance which are near, without Lois of Time: That over and above what is at present in the Low Countries, an Augmentation of 60,000 Men is absolutely necessary; which does not appear to their High Mightinesse to be fixed too high, if one considers the Failure which the Events of the last Campaign have made

visible; that there then was, and that since there have been, drawn off 30,000 Men: That for the finding this Augmentation, no other Means offer, but the causing the Two Austrian Corps above mentioned, of 10,000 and 21,400 Men, to advance towards these Countries; the Hanoverian Troops which are at present in reckoned at 14,000 Men; the Saxons, to the Number of 10,000; on which, nevertheless, one cannot as yet depend with entire certainty; and that they hope that the Remainder will be made up in keeping the 6,000 Hessians there; and will be so perhaps, in Part, by the Troops which their High Mightinesse may procure, in making the Augmentation which they are endeavouring; it being to be considered, that of the Body of Troops belonging to the Republick, which was last Year in the Netherlands, there are very little less than 10,000 disabled from serving, by the unfortunate Capitulations of Tournayand Dendermonde.

And that therefore they are to infill immediately, and with all possible Earnestness, that Provision be made for what is above set forth; without which, their High Mightinesse fee no Means of restoring Affairs, or of preventing their total Ruin; whether it be by any Obstacle arising to disappoint what they propose, or by Delay in effecting it; their High Mightinesse being convinced, that there is no other Way left for extricating Affairs in the Netherlands, and securing their Frontiers, but his Majesty's taking a speedy Resolution upon the Plan above mentioned, and giving immediate and effectual Orders for its Execution.

And Messieurs de Randwyck, and the other Deputies of their High Mightinesse for foreign Affairs, are required and authorized by these Presents, to acquaint Mr. Trevor, Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary from his Britannick Majesty, in a Conference with the above Resolution; and to learn from him, whether he be able to give any further Explanation, as well with regard to his Majesty's Answer, as contained in Lord Harrington's Letter, as to what is above set forth; and to desire, that he will be pleased to second, by his good Offices, the Contents of the said Resolution of their High Mightinesse.

Translation of a Memorial presented by Monsieur , Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia.

London, April -jVh 1746.

The under-written. Envoy Extraordinary of his Majesty the King of Sardinia, does himself the Honour, in Execution of the pressing and repeated Orders of his Court, to represent most humbly to his Britannick Majesty, That the King his Master, who desires only to fig-nalize more and more his Zeal for the common Cause of Europe, being firmly relblved always to act in Concert with her Majesty the Empress Queen, and his Britannick Majesty, in the Pursuit of every thing that shall be judged proper for the Support of the same Cause, fees, with great Concern, the absolute Impofiibility he is under of providing for the necessary Expences for seconding vi-gorously, on his Side, their wife Measures for that Purpose, unless he be immediately assisted with an extraordinary Sum of Money, proportioned to the Occasion; for -after the great Efforts which he has hitherto made for supporting himself against the powerful Enemies that have attacked him, and after all the Losses he has suffered, it is evident, that his Finances cannot but be totally exhausted, as well as all the Resources that he could think of, to answer his Necessities, especially after the Misfortunes of the last Year; in Consequence of which, nothing was left to him, but some Fortresses: And the Enemy, being Matters of the Field, did freely overrun and ravage his whole Country, even almost to the very Gates of Turin; where he has been upon the Point of being obliged to shut himself up, without having any Communication with any foreign Country, not even to receive Letters.

In such a Situation, the King of Sardinia, placing his

whole

Call of the Hoofe.

Poor Laws.

Manufacture of Sail-cloth.

Regulating the Militia.

State of the Land Fences.

Froome Bridge, &c«

19 Geo. it

10"

11

o

Aprilis.

whole Confidence in the well known Zeal of his Britatmick Majesty for the Liberties and Safety of which he

has supported, and does support, with so much Generality, and so much Glory: And having no less Confidence in his particular Friendship for him; of which he has, on all Occasions, given him such great Proofs, hopes that he will, on this Occasion, be induced to grant him such a further Subsidy as his Necessities require, and as isindif-penfably necessary to enable him to ad vigorously on his Side, and to draw all possible Advantages from the happy Success of the Enterprize of Asti and , which

has lately produced lo great an Alteration in the Affairs of Italy, in favour of the common Cause of Europe.

At London, the T % - of April 1746.

OJJorio.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,* to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till' this Day Two Months.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws nowin being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and passing Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poors Rates.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsiderof the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of , and the Places adjacent; and also, the Petition of the Land-Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax, in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York-, and also, the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London; were severally referred.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 11* Aprilis;

Anno 190 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

A Bill to impower Lora Pitt, Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River and to make

a Road or Causey to the East End of tire Town of Dorche/ler, over Lands in the Manor of in

the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of;

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydenham, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Leve/on Gower, Mr.

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Saville, Mr. Mr. Courtenay, Mr.

Powlett, Mr. Morgan, Lord Charles Hay, Sir Walter get, Mr. Nugent, Lord Perceval, Mr. Sir Charles

Vol. 25.

Wyndham, Mr. Ly/ter, Mr. Yorke, Sir Richard Bamp-fytde, Mr. Owen, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Carew, Sir John Gordon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Ar/cot, Mr. White, Mr.

Southwell, Sir James Grant, Sir John Barrington, Mr.

Mellish, Sir John Cust, Mr. Godolphin, Mr.

Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Hynde CottMr. Legge, Mr. Pratt, Lord Gage; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, Somerset, Devon, and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Habeas Reading of the Bill for continuing an Act of this present Corpus Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his ®u Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly s

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Borougtitmdg* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this- present Parliament for the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the County of York, in the room of George Gregory Esquire, deceased.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supplyj resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Proposals for furnishing a Body of the Troops of Hanover, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Copy of a Memorial delivered by the Baron de Wa/ner, Minister Plenipotentiary from their Imperial Majesties, to the Earl of Harrington, the 2d of April 1746, and Translation, be referred to the (kid Committee.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Earl of Harrington's Letter to Messieurs de Boetzlaer and Hop, dated 3d January 1745-6, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Resolution of the States General, of the 21st January, N. S. 1746, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Copy of a Memorial presented by Monsieur OJforio, Envoy Extraordinary from the King of Sardinia, London, April TVh 1746* and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That t his House will, upon Wr Morn- Wjy*and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

And

124 11* — 140 . 1746.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 140 die Aprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746. Prayers.

fcaur'i A ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act -z\- for naturalizing Micluel was read a Second

t ime.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Sir James Grant, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Speke, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lyjler, Sir Edmund Jsham, Sir Cha. . Tynte, Mr. Packer, Sir

Calvert, Mr. Humphry, Lord Guernsey, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Ofbaldefion,.Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Foley, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. ParkSir James Loivther, Mr. Drake, Sir Edward Pickering, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Finch: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr#

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

®uke5)f The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act EfUt«‘ for veiling Part of Ithe settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securingan Equivalent to the Right Honourable James , called

Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for railing, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the mean time: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also, ®arl of , The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to choin^n ty % ena|^je George Earl of Cholmand William Pitt Esquire,

Qualification to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver General and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of -Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

JLechmere's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Lechmere junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of pursuant to Ar-

ticles entered into for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengcts withdrew.

Ditto. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Lechmere junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

E*rl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Choiroot*Seiey'» enakie George Earl of Cholmondeley, and William Pitt {Qualification. Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer, and Receiver General and Paymaster General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committee A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

Smuggling That the Committee, appointed to inquire into the Causes

of the moil infamous Practice of Smuggling, and con-lider of the moil effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice, have Power to inquire into Frauds committed in the Entry of Goods, and obtaining of Drawbacks; and to report the Matter, as it shall appear to them, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Hume Campbell reported from the Committee, State of who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's d>e Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distri- F®rce«. bution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — Tothe Number of effective Men, and the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, That Edmund Jones, one of the Deputies, and Cashier to the Paymaster of the Marines, having been examined by the said Committee, had grofsiy prevaricated 'in his Evidence.

Ordered, That the said Edmund Jones, having preva- a Peribs ricated in his Evidence before the said Committee, be ordered mto taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend- , Cuiiody. ing this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, when he shall have apprehended the said Edmund Jones, do, from time to time, bring him to the said Committee, in order to his being examined, as often as the said Committee shall think fit to require the fame.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the S»pp*r-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed h m to report to the House; which he read in his P'.ace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subfirtence of Two Bodies of the Troops of Hanover, consisting of Five thousand Horfi*, and Thirteen thousand Foot, making in the Whole Eighteen thousand Men, to act in the Lozv Countries with the Austrian Troops, and those of the States-Gene-ral of the United Provinces, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for a Train of Artillery to attend the said Troops,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee.

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain Fifty thousand Men in the Low Countries, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the King of Sardinia the better to maintain and prosecute the War in Italy, for the Year 1746.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, junior: }

( Sir Watk. Williams

Tellers for the Noes,< Wynn, 1 82.

(Mr Drake:J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Resolutions, of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to AMboroagk the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. I

electing

j

19 Geo. II.

14* — 150 Aprilis.

125

New Shore ham Writ.

electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline

for the Borough of Aid borough, in the County of York, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her

in the room of Andrew Wilkinson Esquire; who, since his the Interest thereof in the mean time; was read the First

Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office time.

of Chief Keeper of the Ordnance, Munition, and Stores, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, belonging to his Majesty's Office of Ordnance.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Mr. Sawyer: the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, lor Mr. Speaker,

the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia- The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to ment for the Borough of New Skoreham, in the County impower the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of,

of Sussex, in the room of Charles Frederick Esquire; who, an Infant, to make L^ases of his Estate in the County of since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Glamorgduring his Minority: To which the Lords Office of Clerk of the Deliveries and Deliverance of all desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Manner of Ordnance of Artillery', Munition, and other The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Wednesfieli Necessaries whatsoever, appertaining to his Majesty's Of- founding and building a Chapel in , in the Chapel*

Earl of Plymouth'* Estate.

fice cf Ordnance.

Preservation of Havens,

tee

foot Laws,

Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford To

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

HasvUhm of Sail-cloth.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads,

Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and passing Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, upon the said Bill, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the Ord That the Order of the Day for the House to Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp ,^e for continuing an Act, of this present Session of u^en °^r Growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places ad- Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to jacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Far- secure.and detain, such Personsas his Majestylhall l'ufpeft mers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax in Marsh Land, are conspiring against his Person and Government, be in the West Riding in the County of York; and also the now read.

..... ..... "_ And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Bill for the better Regulating of Elections of Mem- Regulating bers to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in Elf^'oni for that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties Cme*» c* of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Habeas

Corpus

Haheu

Corpus

Sufpcnfioiu

Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of; were severally referred.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall luf. pest are conspiring against his Person and Government.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 150 Aprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

American

Colonial

Trade.

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General tock the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Mr. Attorney-General accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House: And an Amendment was

Prayers.

MR. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- made by the House to the Bill, der, a Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, , That the Bill, wit

ingrossed

one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

with the Amendments, be

Duke of C han dot' Eftalc*.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act adjoining thereto, That they do extend the said

for veiling Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Bill to the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Henry Duke of Chandos in Trustees, for railing Money to Maty le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

Admeasurement of Coal*.

for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for raising, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged Vol. *5.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in

K k field.

Sill'«

Estate.

12(5

150- — 16° Aprilis. . 1746.

Duke d#

Leeds's EiUte9.

American

Colonial

Trade.

field, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt

therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. L. 16. After the Word and before

the Word " and, " insert being Tenant for Life and after the Word M and, " and before the Word " Joseph,"insert " the said ;" and after the Word " and before the Word did," insert " being Tenant in " Tail in Remainder expedant on the Death of the said " James Sill."

Prels 7. L. 36. After the Word " indebted," insert " by Bond."

Press 8. L. 15. After the Word " Issue," insert and which other issue, in case there should be any, are not " within the Consideration of the said Settlement."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, as far as the Amendment in Press 8. L. 15. were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 8. L. 15. being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Mr. Henry Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of Leeds, and for applying Parr of the Money, arising the reby, in Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the rest of the said Duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America: And that Sir William -vert, Mr. Alderman Heathcote, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Legge, and the Lord Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London; were severally referred; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16°;

Anno 19° Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An fY Act to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of Plymouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Warburton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real and leasehold Estates late of Edward Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and other Purposes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committees and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as follows; viz.

Press 2. Line 38. After " Contract," insert " about the Sum of, and not exceeding £.200."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in Wakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein-mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill*, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Earl of Plymouth* Estate.

WrightH

£htci.

Siil't

Efottw

Preservation Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to of Ho vena, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon *c. the Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Manufacture Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

0/Sail-cloth. ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax, in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York; and iS

An ingossed Bill for continuing an Act, of this present Hafeeu Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Corpus Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Ma- Sufpmioa. jesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, importation who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur- of printed suant to the Refblution of the Committee, who were ap- Books, pointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which

of

_ J

Supply.

Ways anil Means.

Poor Laws.

Accounts of Land and HoofeTax Arreart.

19 Geo. II. 160 — 17° Aprilis. 127

of them are fit to be revived or continued (which Resolution was reported from the said Committee upon the 24th Day of March last, and then agreed to by the House); That they do insert in the said Bill a Clause or Clauses, to provide, that upon the Publishing of a new Edition of any Book, with Alterations or Additions, there be printed and published also a proper Number of such Alteration* or Additions, by themselves, of the same Size with the former Edition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Passing Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates; be now read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to make Provision for the apprehending Persons, in any County or Place, upon Warrants granted against them, by Justices of the Peace of other Counties or Places.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

And Notice being taken in the Committee, That there were not Forty Members present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And having told the Home; and there not being present Forty Members;

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wright's for veiling the real and leasehold Estates late of Edward Ettate*. Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and other Purposes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Warburlon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Duke of for Sale of Part of the Estate of Thomas Duke of Leeds, Leeds'* and for applying Part of the Money, arising the reby, in Estate*. Payment of certain Debts owing by him, and the lteli-due in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the rest of the said Duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his Issue Male, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Fox do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur*- Half-pay suant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the re- Officer*, tec$ duced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1746:

And,

Mr. Secretary at War also, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1746.

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

The laid Lifts are bound up with the other Patpers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Adjourned the House, without a Question put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, j 70 die Aprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii II<B Regis, 1746. Prayer*.

THE House being informed, That some of the Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door; They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Arrears of Land-Taxes were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also.

An Account of what Arrears of the Duties upon Houses were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained; distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

A Bill for explaining and amending an Act of the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to;

and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, of another Act of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at;

and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American

Colonial

Trade.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Resolved, That this House will, now, resolve itself into aW

The said Accounts are bound up with the other a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Papers of this Session. the Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in

Vol. 25. being

iz8 I76 — 18® . 1746.

being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Pairing Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to impower the Justices of the Peace to oblige such Persons whole Goods shall be distrained and fold for Non-payment ot Poor's Rates, to pay the Charges of distraining and felling such Goods.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Regulating Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve the Militia, itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Preservation Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Jr8' rc^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ' c‘ the Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Manufacture Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, of Sail-cloth, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax, in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London-, were severally referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 18°;

Anno 19® Georgii Ildl Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Baur'a /T R. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom lYA the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Michael Baur, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Lechmere* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ettaic. Act for bale of the Estate late of Richard Lcchmerc

junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of Essex, pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof; and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Ongley, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Gildart, Mr.

Palmer, Colonel Beake, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Mack-worth, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Shuttle-worth-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Cornwall, Wilts, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl to enable George Earl Cholmondeley, and William Pitt ChoWmieiej'i Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Paymaster-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt,

Mr. Carew, Mr. Parker, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Thomas Hales,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. White, Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Walker, Mr. South-tv ell, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Faxakerlty, Mr. Wi/Jon, Lord Middlesex, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Gildart, Genetal Oglethorpe, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gray-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Cornwall, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom Livwpoole, the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by &c.

an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Road*,

late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpoole to Prefcot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Towns, Ports, and Places of Prefcot, Huyton cum Roby, Cronton,

Whifton, West Derby, Knowfley, and Warrington, and several of the Commissioners named or appointed in pursuance of the Act of Parliament in the Petition mentioned, whole Names are thereunto severally subscribed and distinguished; and also, the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough Town of Wigan, whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed (which Petitions were severally referred to the said Committee); and that the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions; and that the Committee had also considered the several other Petitions to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morqing next.

The Lord Perceval presented to the House, according Admeasurement to Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the Frauds of Coals, and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and L berty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary It Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved,

A

Preventing

Stock-

jobbing.

Rebellion; Indemnification of Per-Ions acting in Defence of the King.

Poor Laws.

Pellet'* Nat.

Papists' Deed' and Wills.

Gloucester, lie. Road.

Preferration

of Karens,

Sec.

Mrnu^&are

cf

Sail-cloth.

19 Geo. II. 18° —

Refolded, That the Bill lie read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill more effectually to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That Lxave be given to bring in a Bill, to indemnify I'uch Persons who have acted in the Defence of his Majesty'sPerlbn and Government, and for the Pre-1‘crvation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and Sheriff's, and others, who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexarious Suits and Prosecutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Fazakerley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Gybbon, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Palling Overseers Accounts; and also to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House: And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

I90 Aprilis. 12p

of Sail-cloth in the Port of; were severally re-1

ferred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitchcottook, the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitchcot reported from the Committee, That

they had considered the said Report; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii II4* Regis, 1746. Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lcrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing an A‘ft, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the real and leasehold Estates late of Edward (Fright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and other Purposes.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Habeas

Corpus

Suenfionj

Wright's

Estates.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edivards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Ixsrds have passed a Bill, intituled,-An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Pellet: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills, made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Deviseesand Leflles; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fi 1 ft, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to Stone-, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolveitself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England;

Refched, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House rdblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers ot Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Fiax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of borough, and I he Piaccs adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax, in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Makers

Yoc. 25.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William - Royal Assent.

Jon, Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers; where his Majesty jwas pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for continuing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure, and detain, such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government:

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Gloucester to; and other Roads therein mentioned; and for making the said Act more effectual:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of 'Thomas Duke of Leeds, and for applying Part of the Money, arising the reby, in Payment or certain Debts owing by him, and the Residue in Discharge of Incumbrances affecting the rest of the said Duke's settled Estates; and for securing an Equivalent to his IflueMale, in respect of what should be so applied in Payment of the said Debts:

An Act for vesting in Simon Lord Viscount Harcourt certain Lands in Ducklington, in the County of Oxford, discharged from the Trulls limited in the Marriage-Settlement of George Hart, with Susannah his now Wife; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof:

L 1 An

13° c I90 — 21° 1746.

An Act for vesting the real and leasehold Estates late of Edward Wright Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts; and other Purposes:

An Act to enable Henry Crabby and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Boulton, pursuant to the

"Will of Richard Boulton Esquire, deceased.

' *

Rebellion; Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord-tion'oTper-" to °rt*er> a to indemnify such Persons who have son* acting in acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, Defence of and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this the King. Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and Sheriffs, and others, who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Preservation The House resolved itself into a Committee of the a"'1"' whole House, upon the Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the" Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

V \

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?) 210 die

Anno 190 Georgii IL41 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Pellet'* A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act J\ for naturalizing John was read the

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Baur'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Michael Baur, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

American A Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, one for Trade encourag*ng the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plan-- tations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Earl of An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Plymouth'* to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of ""te* mouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vytier. Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir James Grant, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Compton, Mr. Pitt, Sir Charles Mr. Humphry,

Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Ord, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Crojfe, 16

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. War-

burton, Sir Daniel Lambert, Lord Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. French, Mr. Drake, Mr.

Williams, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Hay, Sir Edward Pickering,

Mr. Hooper, Lord Doner ail, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fere, Sir Roger Burgoyne-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Worcester, and the Principality of Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Edmund Jones, now in Custody of the A Person rfX-Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to c the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow for the Of- u fence by him committed against this House, by prevaricating in kis Evidence before the Committee appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, lb far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of murtering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines; and asking Pardon for such his Offence: And letting forth. That the Petitioner having been again examined by the said Committee, hath, to the bell of his Knowledge, declared the Truth, in relation to the several Matters concerning which he was interrogated: And therefore praying. That the House will extend their Compassion towards him; and that he may be'discharged out of Custody.

And the House being informed, That thefiid Edmund Jones had been again examined by the said Committee; and that the Committee was willing he should be discharged out of Custody, if the House should think fit;

Ordered, That the said Edmund Jones be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according American to Order, a Bill for the better Encouragement of the Colonial Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America: And Trade, the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Preferration Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and c‘ navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the B 11, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Wiure the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leve-raily put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houte, to and Mean*, consider f urther of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wed fJay Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Reflating to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ‘he"Militia, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, be now read.

And

ip Geo. II.

cli° — 2i* Aprish*

131

And the said Order being read accordingly; nourable called Marquis of Carnarvon, ari

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Infant, and his Issue; and for railing, at Twenty-on^ of ' resolve itself into the said Committee. Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates

for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Regulating The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the E*Sk>n^ ter Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the mean tin*; might be now read a Second time.;

Caki, See. k^ter Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of

in Great Britain called England, as are Counties of them-felve % and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Bight of voting.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Plumptre toek the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, That

they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Standing Order of the House, made the 6th Day of February 1707, " That all Persons intending to apply " themselves to tht Parliament of Great Britain, for obtaining private Acts relating to Estates in Ireland, do, " from thenceforth give publick Notice of their said Intention, by affixing printed Papers, letting forth their " Pretensions, in each of the Four Courts of Justice in " Dublin, during the whole Term which shall precede the " Sessions of Parliament; as also in the Chief Town where* " in the Assizes are usually kept of each County where " the Lands shall happen to lie, for One Month at least " before the Bill be brought in:" And also the Standing Order of the House, made the same Day, " That there " be Thirty Days at least between the First and Second " Reading of every such private Bill," were read.

And the Journal of the House of the 2d Day of May 1712, in relation to the Proceedings of the House,

Minvfeshire of Sail-cloth.

Ordered, That the Report Irom the Committee of the upon the Bill for the Relief of George Mathew Esquire,

whole House, to whom the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, ManutudUirers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of and the Places adjacent; and also the Petition ot ttie Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and

agaii.ft a Clause in an Act of Parliament, palfed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his Wile's Estate, are set aside, was also read.

Resolved, That the said ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates

Earl of Tingall't Estates.

Flax, in Mai (1; Land, in the West Riding in the County of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos in Trustees,

for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for railing, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the mean time, be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Bathurst, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Lord Barring-

ton, Lord Wm. Manners, Mr. Winford, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Herbert, Sir IVm. Calvert, Sir ‘Thomas Hales, Mr. Hales, Mr. Monson, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Burrell, Mr Mr. Earle, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr.

Solicitor-General, Sir ‘Thomas Drury, Mr. Lewis, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Sel-wyn, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Carew, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr. Dodington, Lord Harting-

ton, Mr. Tyner, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Fere, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Coke, Mr. Boone, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Mr. IVhichcote, Sir John

of York; and also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-

cloth in the Port of London-, were severally referred; be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 2° die \

Anno 19* Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Fingall, in the County of Cavan, in tire Kingdom of Ireland, for ciifcharging Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Sir Edmund ‘Thomas, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. John

Mr.

Brozvne, Mr. Richard Grenville, Mr. Haw. Browne,

Mr. Batkurfl, Mr. Harley, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Brand, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Brudenell, Lord Perceval,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Darner, Mr. Seiwyn, Mr. Elliot, Mr Mr. Southwell-, and all the Members who

Sir John Hynde Colton, Mr. Henry Fox, Lord Perceval, serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Witts, Somerset, and Mr. Conplly, Lord Doner ail, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Rowney, South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Ruk<" of

C ha.'.d os* fitiatts.

Mr. Cotton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Yorke, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hilt, Sir Charles MordaMr. , Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. WHfon, Mr. Walker, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Jcaffrefon, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Peachy, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Periam, Mr. Charles Pelham, Sir John Gordon, Mr. , Sir

IFm.Calvert, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Richard Williams, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Gwynn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made. That the ingrossed Bill from the 1 .< ids, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the let-tied Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting Stber Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Ho-Vol. 25.

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Rebellion* Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and Indemnifies for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this King- *lon #£?er: dom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and Sheriffs, and others, who have suffered Escapes the King, occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

1 Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Admeafawnee Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within C«1*.

the

132 2i® — 23°

the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the fe-Vetal«Parishes of St. Giles in the , St. Mary le and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Manufacture Mr. Whichcot, according to Order, reported from ot Sail cloth. the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Saii-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Fiax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of Gainsborough, and the Places adjacent; and alto the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax, in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York-, and also the Petition of the Makers of Sailcloth in the Port of; were severally referred;

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Manufacture of Sail-cloth is of late

Years decreased.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Matters of Ships bringing into this Kingdom Quantities of foreign-made Sails, is One of the Causes of the Decrease of the said Manufactuie.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable on foreign Sail-cloth, imported into this Kingdom, be more effectually l'ecured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the further Encouragement of the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, all ready-made Sails, brought into this Kingdom, be charged with a Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the Ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sailcloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; be explained, in relation to that Part thereof winch directs. That Ships or Vessels built in Great Britain, or in the Plantations in America, (lull, when first navigated, be furnished with One lull and complete Set of Sails, made of Sail-cloth manufactured in Great Britain.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Fourth of the said Resolutions, now agreed to by the House, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Importation Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen of ('tinted who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bin, pur-Books. suant to the Resolution of the Committee, who were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued (which Resolution was reported from the said Committee upon the 24th Day of March last, and then agreed to by the House) That they do inlert, in the said Bili, a Clause or Clauses for making more effectual so much of the Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vetting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the , Times therein mentioned; and also, fp much of One

Aprilis.

A. 1746.

other Act, made in the 7th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to Samuel Buckley Esquire, Citizen and Stationer, of London, the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting the Histories of Thuanus, with Additions and Improvements, during the Time therein limited; as relates to the Delivery of Copies of Books printed in England, for the Use of such Libraries os in the said Acts are particularly mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Cornbury be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Palmer be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Committee adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- on mittee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes muS§ of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to American resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Colonial the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the 15th Trade. Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, of another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Relating whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the bet- the Militia, ter Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fhurjday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230 Aprilis;

Anno 19® GeorgiilP1 Regis, 174

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws now in being touching the Removal of poor Persons; and Palling Overseers Accounts; and allb to prevent Delays in Payment of Poor's Rates; was read the Third time.

The

Poor Law*

J

ip Geo. II. a3° — 24'

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. Line 7. To leave out " or Persons L. 14. To leave out " or Persons L. 16. To leave out" or Persons:*'

4. L. 5,6. To leave out " to forne or One of their Successors

L. 8, 9. To leave out "in order for them, or " such of them, as shall chuse to be present."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to obviate certain Difficulties in the Laws new in being relating to the Poor; and for allowing some Warrants of Justices of the Peace, granted in One County or Place, to be executed in other Counties or Places.

Ordered, That Mr. Cado carry the Bill to the

Lords, and dciire their Concurrence.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to refotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

W*y* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Mean*. refohe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the Gad Committee.

Itebelfion — - Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Indemnifies- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, don of upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons, who have acted inginft." 'n Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and fence of for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this King-

the Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebel-

lion ? and Sheriffs and others, who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions 1 be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly?

The House resolved itfelfinto the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mt. Attorney-General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

LWetpnole, The House, according to Order, proceeded to take &c. into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Road*, whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to Prefect, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of -easter: and for amending the Road leading from Prefeot io the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County? was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And all the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, except the last, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 25.

Aprilis, 133

The last Amendment, being read a Second time;

The House was moved. That the Fourth Section of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to Prefeot, and other Roads therein-mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

AClausewas offered, to be added to the Bill, *

Which Clause was once read.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j . *4-

Tellers for the Noes,[^f j 7o.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Houserelblved itself into a Committee of the whole ifegutatn* House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Regu- Ele£kion* for lating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Chi*, &c, such Citiesand Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have Right of voting.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Plwnptre took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ? which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ferfte.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 4* die Aprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii II. Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Attorney General, according to Order? reported, prhTn;0,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom indtmnifica-the Bill to indemnify such Persons who have acted in Dc- tion of fence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and for P" the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, fence of during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion ? and the King, Sheriffs, and others, who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions ? was committed ? the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Laws againtf Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, Cursing and An Act more effectually to prevent profane Cursing and Swtaring, Swearing.

And the said Amendments were read; and are af follow ? viz,

M m Prefij

Prevention of Stock-jobbing.

Duke of

Chandos

Estates.

2 4° — 2$6 Aprils. A. 1746.

Press 1. Line 7. After " punished," insert " they

L. ult. Leave out " if a Third time," and insert " for every other Offence, after a Second Conviction:"

Press 2. L. 1. Lcaveout " inflicted and L 40,41. Leave out " or either L. tilt.Leave out "or," and, after " Tything-man," insert " or other Peace Officer:"

Prels 6. L. 4,5. Leave out " contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act

Prefsy. L. 20. Alter " Act," insert " which Charges shall be settled and ascertained by thcjustice ot Peace, " Mayor, Bailiff, or other chief Magistrate, before whom " such Convictioa shall be made

L. 22. After " Expences," inlert " or give " Security for the fame, to the Satisfaction of such Justice " of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff^ or other chief Magiftrjjte:"

Press 8. L. 5. After " Statute," insert " herein before, or herein after, mentioned

L. 13. After " Morning," insert " or Even-

" ins:"

L. 17. After*' Year," insert or in cafeDivine Service shall not be performed in any such Church " or Chapel, on any of the Sundays before mentioned, then upon the First Sunday after any of the said Quarterly Days on which Divine Service shall happen to be " performed in any such Church or Chapel

Press 8. L. 32. Leave out " May," and insert " June." The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill more effectually to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Edward burner, Mr. Montague, Mr. Gage, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Gordon, Lord Gage, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Benjamin Bathurst, Mr. Douglass, Mr. Gybbons, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Dr ax, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of -dos in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof; and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for railing, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said lettled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for fecqring to her the Interest thereof in the mean time; is committed.

The House, according to Orders resolved itself into a Admeasure-Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more ef- mem of feftually to prevent the Frauds and Abul'es committed Coals' in the Admeasuremer.t of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of easter adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cujl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cujl reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon IVeduefJay Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Rfg,!arng whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the bet- the Militia-ter Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carezv took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 25* die Aprilis;

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War, by his Majesty's Command, Accor, nn presented to the House, respcainp

An Account of Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Fo- pj^'an rage. Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries, due Troops, Arc. to the Hejfian Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25 August 1742, to ill November following: And also.

An Account of Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries, due to the Hessian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from 27 April 1743, to 10 November following: And also.

An Account of the Charge of the Troops of the States General, whilll in his Majesty's Sendee, in the Years 1745 and 1746: And also.

An Account of Extraordinary Expences incurred on Account of the Rebellion; and for Horses loll in Flanders, and at Sea; for the Year 1745; and not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

19 Geo. II. 25* Aprilis. ijj

Aw ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, arid other Extraordinaries, due to the Htfflan Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25 1742, to the ift November following, being 68 Days.

Current Money of Holland for 68 Days. Reduced into Sterling, at iO£. 10./?. :o the Pound.

Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the General Officers -Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the Two Regiments of Horle, arid Four Regiments of Foot ----- ----- Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the Officers of the Train of Artillery -Waggons allowed to the General Officers ----- - Ditto to the Six Regiments of Foot ----- -- Ditto to the Train of Artillery ----- --- Forage to the General Officers and Troops ----- - Extraordinary Charges in the March of thefeTroops from Hejfe to Reverfmond Total - - - rrrt *, r _ .1 ___ ..» / guilders, d. 9,172 7 10 16,400 — — *>S39 6,766 12,246 — — 4,480 58,996 16 — i°,437 873 11 3 2,514 5 8f 146 11 6 *44 7 7* U165 14 — 426 13 5 5,618 14 10 994

I3°*°3I 3 xo 12,383 18 4

Whitehall, 25th Day of April 1746.

Will. Tonge.

Ax ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries,' due to the HessianTroops in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 27th of April 1743, to the 10th November

following, being 198 Dtys.

Current Money of Hdlamifot 198 Days. Reduced into Sterlings at 10 g. 10/. to the Pound.

Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the General Officers -Extraordinary Pav, or Douceurs, to the Two Regiments of Horse, and Four Regiments of Foot ----- ----- Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, to the Officers of the Train of Artillery Waggons allowed to the General Officers ----- - Ditto to the Six Regiments of Foot - Ditto to the Train ot Artillery - -- -- -Forage to the General Officers and Troops ----- - Extraordinary Disbursements on their March from Hocht to Hefte Total - - - gs. Jl. d. 20,972 I £ 26,400 — 3,716 IO — 19,701 35,640 — — 13,068 171,789 l6 2,136 £. s. d. 1,997 6 9 2,514 5 353 19 — 1,876 5 8 3.394 5 84 1,244 11 5 16,360 18 203 8 6{

293.423 7 2 27.945 1

Whitehall, 25 th Day of April 1746.

Will.

An ACCOUNT of the Charge of the Troops of the States General,- whilst in his Majesty's Service, in

the Years 1745 and 1746.

2,768

j.

6

Ditto, for Bracfteirs Regiment of 11 Companies, from the 14th September 1745,

to 14th ol April following, both Days inclusive -

2,485

2,458

d.

2*

For the full Pay of the General and Staff Officers, from the 27th of 1745 (the Day of

the Agreement) to the 14th of April following, both Days inclusive - -

Tor the Difference of Pay to Larouque's Regiment of 10 Companies, according to their Effectives, from the 6th of September 1745 (the Day of their Embarkation at Williams.act) to the 14th of April following, both Days inclusive Ditto, for Patot's Regiment of 10 Companies, from the 13th of 1745,

to the 14th of April following, both Days inclusive -

Ditto, for Viliatte's Regiment ot 10 Companies, from the 14th September 1745,

to the 14th of April following, both Days inclusive -

Ditto, for Ho/Jlein Gcttorp's Regiment of 10 Companies, from the 14th of September 1745, to the 14th of April following, both Days inclusive

2,421 2 7

15 7*

15 6i

2*947 — U

The Pay of the Staff Officers of each Reginient, as allowed by the States General in Time of War, from the Day of the Agreement to . the several Days of Embarkation, according to Stipulation ——

To the Captains of each Battalion of the Regiment of Szvifs, as an Augmentation of Pay to the Officers of their respective Companies, as allowed by the States, when they take the Field -

£. t.

7,080 3 —

13,081 — l|

97 5

2,202 4

Vol, 25.

Whitehall, 25th Day of Apu! 17-16.

Will, Yonge,

e

22,461 4 if

mi

i'3*>

25* ApriHs.

A. 1746.

Am ACCOUNT of* Extraordinary Expences incurred on Account of the Rebellion; and for Horses loft in Flanders, and at Sea; for the Year 1745; and not provided for by Parliament.

Paid for Camp Necessaries for the several Regiments under the Command of Marshal Wade and Sir John Ligonier, and for such Regiments as were ordered to be in Readiness on Account of the intended Invasion, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrants, and those of the respective Generals -Paid D° for the Dutch and Swiss Troops, by his Majesty's Warrants

Paid for Bas Horses and Baggage Money, for the several Regiments under the Command of Marshal Wade and Sir John and for such Regiments

as w?re ordered to be in Readiness on Account of the intended Invasion, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrants, and those of the respective Generals -Paid D for the Dutch and Swiss Troops, by Marshal Wade's Warrant -

Paid on Account to the Commissaries and Contractors for Forage, Wood, and Straw, for the several Regiments under the Command of Marshal IVade and Sir John Ligonier, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrants, and those of the respective Generals ——

Paid 100 Days Forage Money to the several Regiments under the Command of Marshal Wade and Sir John Ligonier, and for such Regiments as were ordered to be in Readiness on Account of the intended Invasion, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrants, and those of the respective Generals - -

Paid 100 Days Forage Money to the Dutch and Swiss Troops, pursuant to Marshal Wade's Warrant ——

£' s. d. £- s. d.

9,640 4 I

511 4 xo 10,151 8 11

14

9,920 — 1,050 —

14,167 10 —

7>*35 ——

1,622 10 —

Paid on Account to the Commissaries and Contractors for Bread and Bread Waggons, for the Regiments under the Command of Marshal Wade and Sir John Ligonier, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrants, and those of the respective Generals ——

Paid for the Use of the several Hospitals on Account ——

Paid for the Hire of Waggons and Horses, for the more expeditious March of the Troops Paid for Saddle Horses and Carriages for the Dutch Troops, pursuant to Marshal Wade's Warrants ——

To Secret Services, and other Extraordinary Services, of divers natures - -

His Royal Highness the Duke, for Extraordinary Services in North Britain -Major-General Howard, for the Repairs of the Fortifications at Carlisle -Extraordinary Shoes provided for the March of the Armies under the Command of his Royal Highness and Maiihal Wade, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, and Sir John Warrants ——

Several Bills drawn by Sir John Cope, for Services in North Britain -

Ditto, drawn by Lieutenant-General Gutfi, on the same Account -

Ditto, drawn by Lieutenant-General Hawley, on the same Account - Ditto, drawn by Lieutenant-General Wentworth, on Account of Services in the North Brigadier-General Cholmondeley's Bill on the Paymaster-General, for several Expences upon Lieutenant-General St. Clair's Battalion, and Colonel Battereau's Regiment, landing at Chester, and on their March from thence to Doncaster ——

Lieutenant-General Handafyd, for Contingent Services, whilst he commanded at Berwick The Pay of Lieutenant-General St. Clair's Battalion, and Colonel Battereau's Regiment, from the 30th September, the Day of their Embarkation at Dublin for England, to 24th December 1745, both Days tnclusive ——

10,970 ----- -i

To Sir Robert Rich, which, with £.2,500 already paid, compleats £.3,825 for buying 255 Horses for his Regiment of Dragoons, to supply those loft at the Ad ion of Melle, last Campaign, computed at Fifteen Pounds each -

To replace the Horses loft at Fontenoy and as well as those loft in their Passage to England, by the following Troops and Regiments; viz

The Third Troop of Horse Guards, for 53 Horses, at £.20 each -

Fourth 2> for Nine Horses, the like Allowance ——

To Second Troop of Horse Grenadier Guards, for 10 Horses, at £.20 each Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, for 103 Horses, the like Allowance King's own Regiment of Horse, for 48 Horses, the like -Lieutenant-General Sir John Ligonier's Regiment of Horse, for 19 Horses, the like ——

The Royal Regiment of Dragoons, for 97 Horses, at £.15 each Royal Regiment of North British Dragoons, for 60 Horses, the like -Queen's Regiment of Dragoons, for 67 Horses, the like -King's own Regiment of Dragoons, for 88 Horses, the like

Earl of Rothes'sRegiment of Dragoons, for 46 Horses, the like -

*>3*5

1,060

180

200

2/360

960

>*455

900

1,005

320

690

s.

22,925

16,910

3»°57 — —

645 *5 6

2,632 7 9

10,908 11 9

4,200 — —

2,000

3.958 9 21

9,619 18 IO

5.5°° — —

5»*35 — —

4,100

310 —

3,000 mumm

vO CO 12 —

1*5*49* 3 11

"*535 — "*

136,027 3 11

Whitehall, 25th April 1749.

fPtU. Tonge.

Ordered*

19 Geo. II. 25 dprilis. 137

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the f louie.

Account of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his <rrfnaiand Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-c*"' reftions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Establishments of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, Flanders, and , for the Years 174.3, 1744, 1745, together with the Lists of such Officers as were paid, or are intitled to be paid, pursuant to the said Establishments respectively.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Debtor. A Petition of the Prisoners confined for Debt in the

I'ctition. prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, in behalf of them-

selves, and the rest of the Prisoners in the several Gaols of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the Time the late Act for Relief of Insolvent Debtors took place, a great Number of the Petitioners were excluded the Benefit thereof, by reason that the Day the said Act commenced was precedent to the Day of their Confinement: That the Petitioners the Prisoners in the Fleet have received Accounts from several Gaels

in this Kingdom, whereby it appears, that some Thousand Persons are now confined as Debtors, many of whom are in a starving Condition: That the Decay of Commerce, and the Stagnation of many Branches of Inland Trade (unavoidable Consequences attending War) have not a little contributed to inercafe the Number of unhappy Debtors: That in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, when this Nation was at War with France, the Legislature thought proper to recruit the Army and Navy, by passing an Act to let at Liberty such Insolvent Debtors as should enter into the Service of the one or the other, or find a fit Person so to do: and that the Relief given by that Act was, by an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the said Queen's Reign, further extended: And that there are some Thousands of able-bodied Men (several Hundreds of which are able Seamen) confined in the Prisons of Port Towns and Coast Counties, and in the other Gaols of this Kingdom, who might be useful to their Country in the Army or Navy; and who, upon a Surrender of all they have to their Creditors, and their inlisting as Soldiers or Seamen (if adjudged fit and able) would most gratefully and thankfully receive their Liberty: And repreieming to the House the State of their present melancholy Situation; and praying. That this House would be pleased to take the same into Consideration, and bestow such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

EariChot- Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to

n?on4 le>whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Ate. Qs>alifi- Act to enable George Earl of William Pitt

caiWn. Esquire, to take, in Great , the Oath of Office as

Vice-Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to quality themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric's Table.

And the House being informed, that it appeared, finee the Committee met upon the said Bill, that an Amendment was proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be recommitted to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

Pellet'. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John , was read a Second

time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winferd, Mr. Sydenham, Sir James Grant, Mr. , Mr. Chet-Voi. 25.

zvynd, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Francis Mr.

ter. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Bennett, Sir Edm. 'Thomas, Mr. Crozv/e, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Cttft, Mr. Boivles, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. PUmpire, Mr. Har-

ris, Mr. Shirley, Sir John Peachy, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Owen, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. To Mr. Fox, Lord

Strange, Mr. Best, Sir Richard Warwick Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Stert, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Brookt-

bank, Mr. Fane, Mr. Earle, Sir Thomas Ac land: And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in

the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons who have Retel io*- acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Govern- Indemnifica-ment, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of p0nf°* this Kingdom, during the time of the present unnatural [,ig in D«- Rebellion; and Sheriffs, and others, who have suffered fence of Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and ‘he King. Prosecutions; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Perlori and Government, and for the Preservation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, during the time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and Sheriffs, and others, who have suffered Escapes occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Harley, and Duke of all the Members who serve for the County of - ChancW

ton, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed ate*‘

Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos, in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalen tto the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Canarvtm, an Infant, and his Issue; and for raising, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the interest thereof in the mean time; is committed.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scotland — calling any suspected Person or Persons, whole Estates, or compelling principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, ot where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for per^0o*. their good Behaviour: And that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Encouraging Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to con- Growth of tinuc Two Acts of Parliament, One for encouraging the Cuffee‘ Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in-;

and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Ways to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

N n . Ordered,

Manufacture of Sail-cloth

Way* and Mean*.

L'verpool*,

Aoadi.

Lechmere's

£ftue.

Vrefemtion if H arcus, fcc*

138

2 50 — 2 8*

A. 1746.

Ordered, Tb&t the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of and the

Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York-, and also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London; were severally referred; be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luiteg) 28° die;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ift, for repairing and enlarging the Road from to Pres-

cot, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster $ and for amending the Road leading from Pre/cot to the Chapel of St. , in the said County; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ift, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Ltchmere junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of Essex, pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Money, anting by such Sale, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he, An Act for the better PrefcrYation of Havens, Roads,

Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

Ordered, That Mr. IVinford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Com- Encouragi^ mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to con- uf

tinue Two Acts of Parliament, One for encouraging the 0 ce‘ Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America', was committed; the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill; Committeeof the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply 41 c

granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be charged upon all Foreign-made Sails, brought into this Kingdom, the like Duties as are now payable upon Foreign-made Sails imported by way of Merchandize.

The said Resolution being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution, and also pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee,' to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Manu-fadurers of Sail-cloth, Sail-makers, Rope-makers, Flax and Hemp Growers, Inhabitants of and the

Places adjacent; and also the Petition of the Land Owners, Farmers, and Growers of Hemp and Flax in Marsh Land, in the West Riding in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Makers of Sail-cloth in the Port of London', were severally referred; and which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House: And that Mr.

Fane, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Vyner, and Mr. Brereton, do

prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of America* his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was read a Colonial Second time. Tmd*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Earl Chol-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act moritlclcy*, to enable George Earl Cholmondeley, and Pitt ^i0^fa

Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay matter General, of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were read;and are as follow,

P/els

i39

19 Geo. IL 28* — 29*

Press 1. L. 33. Leave out " and insert

Trinity."

Pr. 2. L. 13. After "of," insert " the Reign of."

L. 31. Leave out " Eafltr" and insert " Trinity."

L. 35. Leave out " Eafltr" and insert " Trinity."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Adilrrfs on Succefi against the Kcbrl*.

Resolved, Nemine contradieente, That an humble Ad-

dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Majesty on the great and important Succeis of his Majesty's Arms, under the Command of his Royal Highness the Duke, against the Rebels; to declare, That as we think this an Event which mud immediately produce the hap-pieft Effects upon thekvhole State of our AfEiirs at home and abroad, so we doubt not but in its Consequences it will tend to the future Peace and Tranquillity of his Majesty's Reign, to the firm Establishment of his Majese ty, and his Royal Posterity, on the Throne of these Kingdoms, and to the effectual Security of the Religion, Laws, and Liberties, of Gnat; and to allure his Majesty, That his faithful Commons, truly sensible of the great Benefits this Nation has received from the Courage and Conduct of his Royal Highness the Duke, upon this Occasion, are desirous and will be ready to give his Royal Highness such distinguishing Marks ofpublick Gratitude, as shall be most agreeable to hi.> Majesty.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Acidrels to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolutton:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord , Mr. Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Danvers, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West,

Mr. Dodington, Mr. Finch, Mr. Knight, Mr. Legge,

Mr. Cono/Jy, Sir John Crojfe, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Petersham, Sir Henry Liddell, Lord Barrington, Lord Strange, Mr. Godo/phiu, Mr. Plumptre, Lo:d Deerhurst Mr. Gore, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Comptroller,

Mr. Earle, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Sir James Grant, Mr. Fox, Lord Duncamon, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Francis Mr. Torke, Lord

Dupplin, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Laroche, Lord Perceval-, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'6 Chamber.

Thanks toRefohed, Nemine contradieente. That the Thanks of

tb* Duke, for this House be given to his Royal Highness the Duke, for occ^* the eminent and very important Services performed by jKbato."* him to his Majesty and the Kingdom, against the Rebels; particularly in the late great Defeat of them in Scotland, by his Majesty's Forces, under his Royal High-nel's's Command.

Ordered, That the said Thanks be transmitted to his Royal Highness by Mr. Speaker.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Regulating Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the BleAiont for whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulating Cuies, Ice. of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have "a Right of voting, was committed, be received upon Morning

next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25,

Mar its, 29* die Apr ilis \

Anno 19* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Henry Archer reported from the Committee, to Esrl of whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, inticuled, Plymouth's An Act to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis Bari Rfl»t«». of Plimouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Con fen t to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act LechmereV, for Sale of the Estate late of Richard junior, EfUt*.

and Anne his Wife, in the County of Essex, pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, andf for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, fordif-charging incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and! for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquainc them. That this House hath agreed to the tame, without any Amendment.

Admiral Vernon presented to the House, according to Prevention Order, a Bill for preventing the infamous Practice of of Smuggling: And the same was received; and read the Smu8t1,n£»

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burrows and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Ramsden's enable Walter Hatwkfmorth Esquive, formerly called Name.

ter Ramsden, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Haukjworth, pursuant to the Will of Sir Walter Hawksworth Baronet, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Sill's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of cer- EiUte, tain Houses and Tenements in Wakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Estate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom Froom* the Bill to impower Lora Pitt Widow to 1 /eft a Bridge ®r*d£ or Bridges over the River Froome;and to make a Road . ' or Cauley to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over Lands in the Manor of Fortliington, in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Confi^cratioa Tomorrow Morning.

Ar

29' — 3°"

A. 1746.

Earl

€hohnonde-IcyV, 3tc. QoaUficadro.

140

An irtgfoffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And several of the said Witnesses were called in; and, to enable George Ear) Cholmondeley, and William Pitt at the Bar, examined: And severally withdrew.

Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Ordered, That this Examination be adjourned till To-

Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-^General and Paymaster- morrow Morning.

General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Committee port from the Committee, to whom it was referred to en- on quire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the moll effectual Methods

of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which ' ' r' ' '* ' '

Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

therein to the House; be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Addrest on Soccefs against the RcbeU.

The Lord Coke reported from the Committee, ap-

That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, pointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be present- upon ,he Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the ed to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up ,3th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An an Address accordingly; which he read in his Place; and Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to; and

was read* and is as follows\ viz. for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Ma-

Most Gracious Sovereign. jesty's Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth

We Your Majesty's moffdutiful and loyal Subjects, Jfear, of,hj Pr'f'nt Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act the Commons of Great Britan, in Parliament affem- *r 'I1' better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty s bled, beg Leave to congratulate Your Majesty on the S'mcc' an<? Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also,

great and important Succefe with which it has plealed °(^1? ltfctltilxv^riar.u 15

Almighty God to bless Your Majesty's Arms, under s ^eISn> ,^n ,r I?orc e®®c*

the Command of his Royal Highness the Duke, against tual fevering a"d Collecting of certain Duties granted

n , ° ° fAtimrne thn SimnArt At this kavuI Mrslrsittil at I.rwit.

the Rebels.

Americra

Colonial

Trade.

It is with Hearts full of Duty and Gratitude, we acknowledge Your Majesty's Wisdom and paternal Attention to the Interest and Welfare of Your People, so strongly expressed by Your Majesty, in the Choice of that General, whose Birth, and tried Abilities, marked him out to defend the Liberties and Constitution of Great Britain, and so fcnlibly felt by Your People, in the happy Consequences of that Choice.

And as we think the Defeat given to the Rebels an Event which must immediately produce the most desirable Effects upon the whole State of our Affairs at home and abroad; ,so we doubt not, but, in its remoter Consequences, it will tend to the future Peace and Tranquillity of Your Majesty's Reign, to the firm Establishment of Your Majesty, and Your Royal Posterity, upon the Throne of these Kingdoms, and to the effectual Security of the Religion, Laws, and liberties, of Great Britain.

Thus, by a Fate, not uncommon to the Devices of Rebels and Traitors, those wicked Attempts, which have been levelled against the Protestant Succession, and the happy Constitution of this Country, will, under the Blessings of Providence, prove, in the Result, the most effectual Means of confirming both.

We beg Leave to assure Your Majesty, That Your faithful Commons, truly sensible of the great Benefits this Nation has received, from the eminent Courage and

towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at wich-t and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and for making the same more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurtiy 30°;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Wo, in the room of the Right Honourable Thomas Whittington Esquire, deceased.

Worctli

Writ.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Admciforrmcat whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to pre- 0 vent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admea-

furement of Coals within the City and Liberty of West-

Conduct of STR^yal Highness the 5T- a"d tha$ ^rt of the of -

cation, aredcfirous; and Sill be ready, togiVe his Royal '«g thereto, and the several Panthes ot

Highnefe such distinguishing Marks of publick Grati- ff/,.and ^chJ^art

tude, as shall be most agreeable to Your Majesty, and L reW- J °! aS *CS 16 ^ountY Mtdd.ejex, are justly due to his superior Merit. was comtnltted» be received To-monow Morning.

The laid Address being read a Second time; , r > jtl u- ur r

-..... ® - — -- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do hum-

S apply.

Resolved, *That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ..... w resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

bly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attend- ^ctt®r Encouragement of the I rade of

ed by this House. hls MaJcftys Sugar Colonies in

American

Colonial

Trade.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the , That the Report from the Committee of the Isolating

House, That several Witnesses attended at the Door, whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulating who were ready and willing to give an Account of some of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Ci- Kie"* Persons, who have appeared in Arms on the Part of the ties and Towns, in that Part of called,

' Rebels, during the present Rebellion. as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of

Wkntfles examined apioft Per

ing

lien.

Forty

19 Geo. II.

30" Apr'tlis.

Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Fr.-wne Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Bridge, &c. w|,om Bill to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River; and to make

a Road or Cauley to the East End of the Town of Dor-chester, over Lands in the Manor of in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall; was committedi betaken into ConsiderationTo-morrow Morning.

Examination Ordered, That Examination of Witnesses, in relation ot to some Persons, who have appeared in Arms on the Part

(onaappar- during the present Rebellion, be further

ing in Rebel* adjourned till this Afternoon, at Half an Hour afterTwo Iwn. of the Clock.

EfeblHtnntnt Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their " Staff Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be gra-""* ciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Establishments of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, Flanders, and Ireland, for the Years 1743, *744, 1745, together with the Lilts of such Officers as were paid, or are intitled to be paid, pursuant to the said Establishments respectively, had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Timexp- Mr. Comptroller also reported to the House, That his Irccirin Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order AUnfc of Yesterday, humbly to know when he would please to be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended, immediately, at his Palace of St. garnet.

And then the House adjourned till this Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

Post Meridiem.

Bnfwer to TV/TR. Speaker reported. That the House had attended Address. 1.VA his Majesty, with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

the Duties, now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, fb far as relates to Ships being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be furnished with One compleat Set of Sails made of Sail-cloth:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Complaint being made to the House, That several Privilege, printed Papers had been delivered to the Members of this House, at the Door thereof; purporting to contain Rea-fons against a Bill now depending in Parliament more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster , and that Part of the Duchy of adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Mid-dlcjtx;

One of the said printed Papers was brought up to the Table.

And the Title, and several Paragraphs thereof, were read:

Resolved, That the said printed Paper does contain an impudent andinfolent Reflection upon the Proceedings, of this House; and is an high Indignity to, and a Breach of the Privilege of, this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire who are the Author, Printer, and Publishers, of the said Paper; and to report the same to the House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr.

Lord Perceval, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Carew, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr.,

Solicitor-General, Sir John Cust, Sir Roger Burgoyne,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Cope, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Wodehouse Mr. Walpole, Mr. Knight, Mr. War hurt on, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Mr. x

Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Mr. Digby, Sir John Peachy, Mr.

Gybbon, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Walker, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Weji, Mr.

Mr. Godolphin, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Sir Janus Grant,

Mr. Bowes, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Fere, Lord Coke,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Phil-lipfon, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Best, Mr. Plumptre, Lord plin: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gentlemen,

I return you my hearty Thanks for this Address, so full of Affection to Me and my Family: The Satisfaction I feel at the Success of my Arms against the Rebels, is greatly increased by your kind Expressions towards my Son the Duke; and your Approbation of his Services, on this Occasion. I will not fail to improve this Advantage to the utmost of my Power, towards establishing, upon a lasting Foundation, the Future Security and Happiness of my People.

Ma'i Nat. Mr. Winford reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Pellet, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Carewreported from the Committee, to whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fiogall'a for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Fingall, ^ft*w, in the County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined and found that the Standing Orders of the House (concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there, be brought in) had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerkx Table.

Supi.lv Bill; Mr. Whichcot presented to the House, according to Fo-eij.n Order, a Bill for the more effectual securing the Duties

1 -uo'.h. now payah>ie on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-clot n; and for the more effectual securing

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Examination of Witnesses, in relation to some Persons of Witnesseu who have appeared in Arms on the Part of the Rebels *-during the present Rebellion. in^inRvbd-

And several other Witnesses were called in; and ex- Uoq. amined, at the Bar: And then they were ^irested to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Examination relating to this Matter be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

O o And

Privilege.

Froome Bridge, &c*

Bankrupt

Laws.

Duke of Chandos Estates.

144 3°

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

t ——

Jovis, i° die Mail;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Pit At III.

f\RDE R.E D, That the Committee appointed to enquire who are the Author, Printer, and Publish-ets, of the printed Paper Yesterday complained of} and to report the same to the House; be revived.

Ordered, That the said printed Paper Yesterday brought tb the Table, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynold!, Mr. Gildart, Mr. , Lord Doneraile, Mr. Steele, Mr. John Torke, Mr.

Nit.Newnham, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Mr

Mi*. Humphry, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to ereda Bridge or Bride es over the River Froome; and to make a Road Or Cauley to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over Lands in the Manor of Forthington, in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall-, was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the said Report was read.

And several of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, (as for asClause A) some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending the LaWs relating to Bankrupts: And that Sir John Barnard and Sir William Calvert db prepare, and bring in, the fame.

'Mr.Henry Bathurst reported from the Committee, to Whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Ckandos in Trullees, for railing Motley tb discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James,

called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his Issue; and for railing, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged bn the said settled Estates for the lady Caroline Brydges, Only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the mean time; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the ferries concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to thfe House; and he read the Report in his Place; iand afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment* were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press go. L. 16. After Heirs," insert " Executors, 4C Administrators;" and, after "Assigns," insert " re- Ipeftively

L. 17. After Heirs," insert "Executors, Administrators

L. 22.After " Heirs," insert "Executors, v Administrators

L* 41. Leave out the Word " was," and, instead thereof, insert " were

— 1®

A. 174^.

Pr. 51. L. 4. After " Heirs," insert " Executors,

" Administrators

Pr. 61 . L. 17. After " also," insert " And be it further " Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid Pr. 62. L. last. Insert Clause (A):

Clause (A). " Provided always, and it is hereby

Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing itr " this Act contained shall extend, or be continu'd to " extend, to impeach the Jointure of the Most Noble " LidiaDuchefs Dowager of Chandos^or Leases, bearing

" Date respectively the 22d Day of November 1728, and " the 15th Day of June 1737, made by the late James " Duke of Chandos, to Thomas Watts, late of Enfield " Chart Esquire, deceased, of Part of the Premises on " Enfield Chace; but that such Jointure, and respective " Leases, shall be and continue of the same Force and Effect as they were before the Palling of this present " Act; any-thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Admrafure* unto subscribed, Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of mem.of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster ad- toa s* joining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That Frauds and Abuses are daily committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the said City and Libert)', notwithstanding the several Laws now in force for the Regulation of the Coal Trade: And therefore praying.

That the Bill, now depending in the House, more effectually to prevent the said Frauds and Abuses, may pals into a Law; which will, as the Petitioners apprehend, effectually prevent the committing the Frauds and Abuses lb justly complained of, for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed, be received.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the Examination adjourned Examination of Witnesses, in relation to some Persons who have appeared in Arms on the Part of the fonsapp/aV-Rebels, during the present Rebellion, be now read. ing in Rei>el-And the said Order being read accordingly; . hon.

The House resumed the said adjourned Examination.

And several other Witnesses were called in; and examined, at the Bar: And then they were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Examination relating to this Matter be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Prevention ing next, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole °fbb"ck* House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the in-famous Practice of Stock-jobbing.

Ordered That the Report from the Committee of the Reflating whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation the Milit a. of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to

prevent

Committee

on

Smuggling.

Atlmeasure-

ircntof

Coals,

Arerictn

Colonial

Trade.

Regulating Elections far Cities, &c.

Pellet's

at.

Earl of Pingall's Elutes.

Ram (den's Name.

Duke of Ci.andos ElUtcs.

19 Geo. II. 1* — a*

prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of fVeJt-minster, and that Part of the Duchy of adjoin-

ing thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of

St. Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

9

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisj 2° die Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii lldi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Pellet, was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Finga/l, in the County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hathagreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable trailer HawkfworthEi'quire, formerly called Walter Ramsden , and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Hawksworth, purliiant to the Will of Sir Walter Hawksworth Baronet, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos in Trustees, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of Carnarvon, an Infant, and his I flue; and for raising, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter or the said Duke, and for securing to her

the interest thereof in the mean time; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry do carry the Bill to

Vol. 25.

Mail. 143

the Lords, and acquaint tihem, ‘That this House hath-agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Dky, forrefuming the Froome iadjourned Consideration of the Report from the Com- Bridge, &c. mittee, to whom the Bill to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River Froome; and to make a Road or Ciauley to the East End of the Town of Dorchester, over Lands in the Manor of Forthington, in the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Htghnest the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall; was committed; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refiuned the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Kefidue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Insurance regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Ship.. Great Britain, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein: And that Mr. Hume, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Carew, and Mr. Hoblyn, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, ac- Scotland — cording to Order, a Bill for calling any suspected Per- compiling son or Persons, whose Estates, or principal Residence, are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be perf0^. judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour:

And the same was received; and read the First time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Bill for the more effectual securing the Duties now Supply Bill payable on foreign-made Sail cloth imporred into this Foreign Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a SlU'cloth* Duty; and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufactare of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, so far as relates to Ships being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be furnished with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail-cloth; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Lfuefday Morning next, resolve Itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ^3v4 resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*; consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read,>for the House to re- ^meric*rt solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Colonial the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the 13th Trade. Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's p Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, of another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's

Supply.

Regulating the Militia.

Committee

OH

Struggling.

*44

2° — 50 Mali. A. 1745.

iefty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lilt of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half Pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half Pay in Great and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences incurred on Account of the Rebellion, and for Horses loft in Flanders, and at Sea, for the Year 1745, and not

provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge of the Troops of the States General, whilst in his Majesty's Service, in the Year 1745 and 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries, due to the Heffi Forces in the Pay of Great Britain, from 25 August 1742, to ill November

following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries, due to the Hessian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from 27 April 1743, to 10 November following, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of a Military Establishment for maintaining and supporting there-lpeftive Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company of England, on the Coast of Africa, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House rcfoJved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions: which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, ;That they may have Leave to lit again.

Rfolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider-further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and con (ider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Admeasurt. whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to pre- rT'*nt) of vent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admea- 08 v furement of Coals within the City and Liberty of minster, and that Part of the Duchy of adjoining

thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields,

St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed, be received upon this Day Month.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- America* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Colonial House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of Trade, the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Regulating whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulating Elections for of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Ciiiea, &c. Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, ns are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the Houseadjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 5* die Mait;

Anno 19* Georgii IF« Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

ABI L L for preventing the infamous Practice of Prevent!o* Smuggling, was read a Second time. of

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. mu^ *"*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a' Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrafted Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, Encouraging One for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majes- Growth of ty's Plantations in America; and the other for the better Coffee-securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty'*

Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to old Sarura* the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new W rit, for the Writ.

Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament.

for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Pitt Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster-General of his Majesty's Land Forces.

The other Orders of the Day being read; An ingrafted Bill to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to Proome

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River; and to Bridge, See.

whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation make a Road or Causey to the East End of the Town of of the Milit ia in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- Dorchester, over Lands in the Manor of Forthington, in land, was committed, be received upon Thursday Mom- the County of Dorset, belonging to his Royal Highness ing next. the Prince of Wales, as Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall;

was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title from the Committee, to whorp it was referred to enquire be, An Act to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to erect a 1# Bridge

1

. A

H emulating Elections for Cities, be.

Supply.

19 Geo. II. 5" — 6°

Bridge or Bridges over the River Froome; and to make a Cauley to the East End of the Town of over

Forthington Moor, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Plumptre, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themfel ves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting, wascommitted, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further otthe Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had d'reCled him to report to the IIoulc; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Rejo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-tour thousnd Seven hundred and One Pounds Seven Shillings and Sx Pence, be granted to his Majesty, ujxsn Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, lor the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred Eighty-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for Paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-seven thousand Twenty-seven Pounds Three Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, on Account of the Rebellion, and for I lories loft in Flanders, and at Sea, incurred Anno 1745, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Five hundred Forty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Troops of the States General, whilftin his Majesty's Service, in the Years 1745 and 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty thousand Three hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs. Forage, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries, of the 6,000 H'Jftans in his Majesty's Service, incurred in the Years 1742 and 1743, and not provided for by Parliament.

The Three First of the said Resolutions, being severally road a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Ilclblution be re-committed;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Vol. 2j.

Mali. 145

Te«ensor«heY^{^""- } 7<-

Tellers for the Noes, j^r^arwr' ] 109.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read; Examination

Ordered, That the further Examination of Witnesses, of Witnesses

in relation to some Persons who have appeared in Arms P«-

on the Part of the Rebels, during the present Rebellion, f0D* a, Jfe^rr , ., ° ' me in Rebel-

be further adjourned till lo-morrow Morning. iion.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- American

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Colonial House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of ^'ra<*e‘ the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die

Anno 19* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

P n A T f. r s.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ramfdeo'* f Me III alter Hazvkfwor/h Esquire, formerly Name,

call. H IV..: Kamf.leh, and the Heirs of his Body, to take

and t..:: S r me ol Hawksworth, pursuant to the Will

of Sir / iurHaovJejxoorth Baronet, deceased, was read a

Second 1 in e.

Rejo'ved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Carew, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Mr. Sy-

denham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Alderman Heathcote. Mr. Hume,

S.r James Grant, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Herbert, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Williams, Mr. Prowse, Admiral Vernon,

Mr. John Pitt, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Hales, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Pratt, Mr. Bennett, Sir Richard Warwick Mr. Soul hit ell, Mr. War burton. Sir John Gordon, Sir Thomas Acland, Lord Chetwynd, Sir John Turner, Lord Coke, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Drake, Mr. Lyjler; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Fork, Lancaster, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Barnard presented to the House, according to Bankrupt Order, a Bill for amending the Laws relating to Bank- Law». rupts: And the same was received: and read the First

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Hume presented to the House, according to Order, Insurance a Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the of Ships. Subjects of Great Britain, and on Merchandizes or Eflfefts laden therein: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by. Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Earl Chol-this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable George mondcley'a, Earl Cholmondeley, and William Pitt Esquire, to take, in

P p Great cai0B>

Liverpool,

&c.

Roads.

UnekinfiekTs

Name.

Labelye*

Nat.

Scotland — compelling Appearance of Juspected Persons.

Earl of

Plymouth's Estate.

Duckin field's Name.

Labelye'*

Nat.

Supply Bill;

Foreign

Sail-cloth.

146 6° Mali. 1746.

Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Paymaster-General of all his Ma-jeCly's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing and enlarging the Road from Liverpool to Prefcot, anil other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Road leading from Prefcot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Dill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir IViliiamDuckinfield Daniel Baronet, and the

Heirs Ma'e of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms of Daniel' pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And all'o.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Labelye: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in to

appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tho whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the w'hole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of Plymouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Archer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir William Duckinfield Darnel Baronet, and the Heirs Males of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Daniel, pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Labelye, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on. foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty s and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacturee of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, so far as relates to Ships being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be furnished with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail-cloth; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Examination of Witnesses, in relation to some Persons who have appeared in Arms on the Part of the Rebels, during the present Rebellion, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the said adjourned Examination.

And another Witness was called in; and examined, at the Bar: And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That a Bill be brought in to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie; William Viscount of Strathallan; Alexander Lord; David

Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of fames Earl of fames Drummond

Esquire, eldell Son and Heir Apparent of Viscount of Strathallan; Simon Frafer Esquire, eldest Son

and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to fames Duke of AtholLewis Esquire,

commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; fames Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perthfames,

late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn; David Ogi/vie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogi/vie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Titie of Lord John Drummond, Brother to fames Drummond, taking on himfe'f the Title of Duke of Perth; Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of; Sir William Gordon, of Park; John Murray, of Broughton Esquire; John Gordon the elder, of Gl; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Dr. Archibald Cameron, brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Ludovick Cameron, of Tor Castle; Alexander Cameron, of Dungallon;

Donald Mac Donald, of Clanronald, junior, Son to

Mac Donald, of Clanronald; Donald Mac Donald, of Lochgarie; Alexander Mac Donald, of Keppoch; Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of Barifdale; Alexander Mat Donald, of Glencoe; Evan Mac Pherson of Clunie; Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle Lauchlan; John Mc Kinnon, of Mac Kinnon; Charles Stewart, of Ardjheil; George Lockhart, eldest Son and He>r Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath; Lmvrence Oliphant the elder, of Gajk; Lawrence the

younger, of Gash; fames Graham the younger, of John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stev.rt; Francis Farquharson, of Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gilivrae, oi Drumaglafh; Lauchland Merchant

at Inverness; Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross, of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Mr. John Mac Leod, Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, Son to William Lumsdale, Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves by a Day certain, therein to be mentioned: And that Mr. Attorney*General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Dupplin, the Lord Strange, Mr. Noel, Mr. Lyttelton, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Rebellion — Attainder of certain Persons.

Prevention of Stock-jobbing*

*9 Geo. II

7s — 8* Mail.

*47

Way» tod Me*n$.

American

Colonial

Trade-

faprir*

Scot Jane? — compelling Appearances of suspected PniofiB.

Mercurii, 7* *//> Afcz/V;

Anno 19* Georgii II4' Regis, 1746. Praters.

THE Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

ResolvedThat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America-, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act, of the 17 th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, of another Act, of the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich-, and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

SitooTy Bill; The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Foreign resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Sail-cloth, the gin for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, so far as relates to Ships being obliged, at their first letting out at Sea, to befur-nished with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail-cloth;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Prevention The other Order of the Day being read, for the . House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole -jobbing. j_jou|-e^ Upon t|)e Bill more effectually to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Vol. 25.

Teller, for the re*,* HMhcoU.-}

TeUer, for, heN i; }9o.

So it pafl"ed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill-

The postponed Order being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Scotland — resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon compelling the Bill for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in , to pcion,

appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail lor their good Behaviour.

And th^i the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,8° die Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1745.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Estimate suant to their Addref* to his Majesty, an Estimate Charge of of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers Staff officers, for his Majesty's Forces, lor the Year 1746.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers for his Majesty's Forces, for the Year 1746.

For 365 Days.

General and General Staff Officers 40,880 19

JFar-Office, 8 th May 1746. Will. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, ac- Rebellion — cording to Order, a Bill to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie-, Attainder of William Viscount of Strathallan-, Alexander Lord; certain P«r-

David Wrnyfs Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eld- on*‘ eft Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of James

Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of liam Viscount of Strathallan; Simon Frazer Esquire, eldest

Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat-, George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray,

Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth-, James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount

of Dundee-, John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn-, David taking upon

himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth-, Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie-, Sir William Gordon, of Park-, John Murray, of Broughton Esquire;

John Gordon the elder, of Glenbucke Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel-, Dr. Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Ludovick Cameron, of F Castle; Alexander Cameron, of Dungallon -, Donald Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald, junior, Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clan-

ronald; Donald Mac Donald, of; Alexander

Mac Donald, of Keppock; Archibald Mac Son

8® Mali, 1745.

of Col Mac Donald, of Barifdale-, Alexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe-, Evan Mac Pher/on, of j lan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle Lauchlan-, John Mac Kinnon, of Mac Kinnon; Charles of George

Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath; Lawrence the elder

of Gajk; Lawrence Olipbant the younger, of Gajlc; James Graham the younger, of John Stewart,

commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis son, of Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gilivrae, of Druma-glafh-, Launchlan Mac Merchant at Invcrness;

Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross, of Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Mailer John Mac ', Ad-

vocate; John Hay, Portioner of Rejlalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, Son to William Lumsdale, Writer in Edinburgh-, and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of of High

Treason, unless they shall render themselves by a Day certain, therein to be mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege. Mr. Rennet, from the Committee appointed to enquire who are the Author, Printer, and Publishers, of the printed Paper complained of, upon the 30th Day of April lad; and to report the same to the House; acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report; which they had directed him to report to the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Report be now received;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for U» Y.*f {ft , }J‘-

Teller, for the }41'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Bennet accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Author, Printer, and Publishers, of the said printed Paper; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

The Committee find, by the Evidence of Mr. Walter Moffett, Door keeper to the House, That the Paper complained of was brought to him by a Porter, from one Thomas Allen, a Butcher in Newport market-, and that Mr. Samuel Johns afterwards gave him Seven more of them.

The said Thomas Allen, being examined, confelfed. That he was the principal Person concerned in getting the said Paper written; and that he applied to Mr. Johns to draw up a Paper, to be presented to the Members of the House, containing Reasons against a Bill, now depending in the House, concerning the Admeasurement of Coals: That Mr. Johns drew up the Paper complained of; and that he (Allen) carried it to the House of one Mr. Hughes, a Printer.

The said Samuel Johns, being examined, confessed. That he was the Author of the said Paper.

The said John Hughes, being examined, said, That the said Paper was printed by his Directions; but that he did not read it over.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the said 30th Day of April last, in relation to the said printed Paper, might be read.

And the said Resolution being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Johns, Solicitor in Chancery, do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Thomas Allen, Butcher in Newport-market, do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That John Hughes, Printer, do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege. Thomas Paulin had made a corrupt Application to a Member of this House, in relation to a Matter now depending in this House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Thomas Paulin do attend this House, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to ScotUrd — relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon compelling the Bill for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whole Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear perfoiu. at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail lor their good Behaviour, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Regulating Report from the Committee of the whole House, to the Militia, whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

American

Colonial

Trade.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the 13th Year of his present Majesty's. Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to; and for the

Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, of another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at;

and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Supply Bill; whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual secur- s^Y'cloth ing the Duties now payable on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacturee of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, lo far as relates to Ships being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be furnished with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail-cloth.

Mr.

i9 Geo. II.

8‘

Mali.

149

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

or Stile of Lord Nairn; David Ogtlvie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond,-Brother to James , taking on

himself the Title of Duke of; Robert Mercer

thereunto; which they had dire died him to report, when Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie; Sir

the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vrnerisy 90 die Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii II. Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; Forei^a Sail-cloth.

of Park; John , of Broughton Esquire;

John Gordon the elder, of; Donald Came-

ron the younger, of Lochiel; Dr. Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel Ludovick Cameron, of Tor; Alexander

Cameron, of Donald Mac Donald, of Clan-

junior. Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clan-; Donald Mac Donald, of Lochgarie; Alexander Mac Donald, of Keppock; Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of Barifdale; Alexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe; Evan Mac Phcrfon, of Clunie; Lauch-lan Mac Lauchlan, of; John Mc Kinnon,

of Mac Kinnon; Charles Stewart, of; George

Lockhart, elded Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnv.iath; Lawrence the elder.

Bill for the more effectual securing the Duties now pay- of Gajk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gajk; able on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this King- James Graham the younger, of John Stewart,

dom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a commonly called John Roy Stezvart;

Duty; and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year son of Monasterye; Alexander Mac of

of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for fur- glash Lauchland Mac Intojk, Merchant at Inverness; ther encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ro/s, of;

British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing Alexander Mac , Son to Mr. John Mac Leod, Ad-the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported vocate; John Hay, Portioner of Rejlalrig, Writer to the into this Kingdom, so far as relates to Ships being Signet; Andrew Lumfdate, Son to William obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be furnished Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail-cloth; Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland-, of High

MR. Carew, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Scotland; compelling Appearance of suspected Perilous.

was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Attorney-General, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to of the settled Estates of the Most Noble Henry Duke of find Bail for their good Behaviour, was committed, the Chandos in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge In-Amendments which the Committee had made to the cumbrances affecting other Parts thereof, and for Pay- Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the ment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- the Right honourable Janies Brydges, called Marquis of wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at Carnarvon, an Infant, and his lfl'ue; and for railing, at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portions charged on the read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wem Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the agreed toby the House. Interest thereof in the mean time: And also.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Treason, unless they shall render themselves by a Day certain, therein to be mentioned; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, -next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr- Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part

Duke of Chandos Estates.

ingrossed.

Rebellion; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Attainder of reading of the Bill to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie; William Viscount of; Alexander Lord

certain Per (bos.

for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Britain called England, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Preservation of Havens*

4c.

Jligo; David IVemyfs Esquire, commonly called Lord to indemnify such Persons as have acted in Defence of Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Jitmes Earl his Majesty's Person and Government, and for the Fre-of IVemyfs-, James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and servation of the publick Peace of this Kingdom, during Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan-, the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and Sheriffs, Simon Frafer Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent and others, who have suffered hfcapes occasioned thereof Simon Lord Lev at; George Murray Esquire, com- by, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions; without any monly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Amendment: And also,

Duke of Athol -, Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties Duke «f Gordon-, James Drummond, taking upon him- of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of

Rebellion; indemnification of Persons acting in Defence of the King.

Bennet'*

Estate«<

I'eif the Title of Duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee-, John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title Vol. 25.

Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, cxpedlant on

Q q the

Manners*

Estate.

Committee

on

Smuggling.

Ditto.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

150 90 — 10 *A. 1746.

the Death of their Father: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Northumberland, late the Estate of John Manners Gentleman, dccealed, in Trustees, to enable them to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing the infamous Practice of Smuggling, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cuff took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cuff reported from the Committee, That they

had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider: of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Comnfttee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most Gracious Speech from the Throne, made to both Houses of Parliament, upon the 14th Day of January last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Ge-. neral and General Staff Officers for his Majesty's Forces, for the Year 5746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

'Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Liddell have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Northumberland, late the Estate of John Manners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale ofdivers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of 'Thomas Rennet Esquire, in order to ra fe a Sum of Money in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant on the Death of their Father, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 10° Maii;

Anno 19s Georgii IRegis, 1746. Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Aril to enable Sir William Duckinfield Daniel Baronet, and the Heirs Males of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of pursuant to the

Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rrereton, Mr. Rolle, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fere, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Thomas Hales. Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Wright, Mr. Oglet.'io'pe, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Rolt,

Lord Hartington, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hales, Mr. r-

land, Mr. Plumptre, MWalpole, Colonel Powlett, Mr.

Stert, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Gil dart.

Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Campbell, Sir Charles Sir James Grant, Mr. "feaffre/on. Colonel Norton, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Archer, Colonel Mr. Har-

rifon, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Carew, Sir John Turner, Mr. Montague, Mr. Maule, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Owen, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bofcawen, Colonel Mcffy«; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Cumberland, differ, and Lane after: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Houston, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir William Tonge Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Pay-master-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And then the House adjourned, till Monday Morning, Nine of the Crock.

Manners'

Mate.

Ben net'i Estate*.

Duckinfield'*

Name.

Honiton

Writ.

i <) Geo. II. 12°

Lunev, 120 die

Anno if Georgii *IIdl Regis, 1746.

Pr a vf. k s.

Kegiilat^g A N ingrossed Hill for the belter Regulating of Elec* for ti'.ms of Members to serve in Parliament for such

Cities, &c. and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called

EngLmd, as are Counties of themselves, and in which Freeholders of Forty Shillings a Year have a Right of voting, was read the Third time.

An ingroll'ed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, providing, That nothing in the A«ft contained, other than and except the Clauses and Provisions concerning Cheque Books, and concerning Notice of the Time and Place of Election, and proceeding to Election thereupon, Hull extend to any City or Town, being a County of itself, where the Right of voting is for or in respeed of Burgage Tenure, or where the Right of voting for or in respect of a Freehold, does not require the same to be of the yearly Value of

And the same was twice read; and then the Blank was filled up.

Then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon ♦he Question put thereupon, agreed-to by the House to be nude Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves.

Ordered, That Mr. P/umpire do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mail. 151

count, to enable his Majesty effectually to suppress the present Rebellion; to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land; and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Year 1746. -The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

-r n c ,1 v f The Earl of Middlesex, 7 Tdler, for the 1 eas, j Mr: 1 24-

Tellers for the Noes,| Jjj } 3'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.;

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Way*, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to mm* Moan*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to foveral Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That -the JiepoTt be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

LabeHe's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act An ingrossed Bill for calling any suspected Person or Scotland; af' for naturalizing Charles Labelye, was read a Second time. Persons, whole Estates or principal Residence are in Scot- compelling Resolved, I hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged ^Pe(?ra"

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Gage, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour, was read person».

PUmpire, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Jenxns, Mr. Ofbahleston, Mr. the Third time.

Palmer, Mr Fellowcs, Mr. Mr. Drake, Mr. Phil-

lipfon, Lord Cornbury, Sir John Turner, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Gash-.y, Mr. Hooper, Sir John General Oglethorpe,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thurjly, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr. Liddell, Mr. Harvey, Sir IVm. Calvert, Lord,

Admiral Vernon, Mr. BathMr. Hoblyn, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Barrington, Mr. Owen, Sir , Lord

Decrhurfi: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply. Mr Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House.; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Forty thousand Eight hundred and Eighty Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of General and General Staff Officers, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty effectually to suppress the present Rebellion; to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land; and to make pood such Treaties as are or shall

W '

be made with his Majesty's Allies; for the Year 1746.

The First Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

o # 7

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Ac-Vol. 25,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Carezv, according to Order, reported, from the Regulating Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for tn« Militia, the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Americas resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Colonial the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Trade* Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America-,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Rebellion > Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to at- Attainder taint Alexander Earl of Kellie; William Viscount of

StralItalian; Alexander Lord Pitfligo; David IVemyfs er on Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of Weniyfs; James Drummed Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan; Simon Frafer Esquire, eldest

Son

152 I2° —

So*i and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol-, Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cojmo George Duke of Gordon; James aking upon

himself the Title of Duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount

of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn; David taking upon

himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie; Sir Gor-

don, of Park; John Murray, of Broughton Esquire; John Gordon the elder, of Glenbuckett; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel-, Dr. Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Ludovick Cameron, of Tor Castle; Alexander Cameron, of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald, junior. Son to Rhona/d Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald; Donald Mac Donald, of Lochgarie; Alexander Mac Donald, of Keppoch; Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of; Alexander Mac Do-

nald, of Glencoe; Evan Mac Pherson, of Clunie; Lauch-lanMac Lauchlan, of Castle; John Mr- Kinnon,

of Mac Kinnon-, Charles Stewart, of George

Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath; Lawrence the elder,

of Gajk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gajk; James Graham the younger, of Airth-, John Stewart, comfnonly called John Roy Stewart-, Francis Farquhar-

jm, of Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gilivrae, of Druma-glajlt i Lauchland Mac Intojlt, Merchant at;

Malcolm RoJ's, Son of Alexander Ross, of Pitcalny; Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Mr. John Mac Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Rejla/rig, Writer to the Signet} Andrew Lumsdale, Son to William Lumsdale, Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves by a Day certain, therein to be mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the ame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Lord Dupplin accordingly reported the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and fee read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second rime, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Prevention of The House resolved itself into a Committee of the mugging. iqoufe> to consider further of the Bill for preventing the infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cujl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cujl reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

13 '‘Mali. A. 1746.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarttSf 130 die Mail;

Anno i9# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

1VT R. fVinfordreported from the Committee, to whom R*mfden'< 1M the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Name. Act to enable Walter Hawksworth Esquire, formerly called Water Ramsden, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ule the Surname of Hawksworth, pursuant to the Will of Sir Walter Hawksworth Baronet, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts, Bankrupt was read a Second time. L»w*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the infunnce Subjects of Great Britain-, and on Merchandizes or Effects of Ships, laden therein; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual securing the Supply Bill; Duties now payable on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported Foreign into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sail-cloth. Sails with a Duty; and for explaining an Act, made in the 9th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for further encouraging and regulating the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth; and for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom, so far as relates to Ships being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be furnished with One compleat Set of Sails made of Sail-cloth; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign-made Sailcloth imported into this Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt, concerning Ships being obliged, at their first letting out at Sea, to be furnished with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Sail-coth.

Ordered, That Mr. Whichcote do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie; Rebellion -William Viscount of Strathallan-, Alexander Lord; Attainder<'.f

David IVemyfs Esquire, commonly called Lord E/cho, "rtam Vesseldelt Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of; ons*

James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Strathallan; Simon Frafer Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat;

George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke01 Athol-,

Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother ro Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth; Graham,

late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or

Stile

19 GEO.IL 13*

Stile of Lord Nairn; David Ogilvie, faking upon hirn-self the Title of Lord Ogilvie John , taking

upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James, Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth i Robert Mercer Esquire, ot herwife Nairn, of Aldie-, Sir William , of Park; John Murray, of Broughton, Flquire; John Gordon the elder, of G/enbuckett; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Dr. Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel \ Ludovick Cameron, of Tor CaJUe Alexander Camera», of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald, of Clamonald, junior, Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clanronald-, Donald Mac Donald, of Alexander

Mac Donald, of Keppoch -, Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of Barifdale; Alexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe\ Evan Mac Phtrfon, of; Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle Lauchlan; John Mac Kinnon, of Mac Kinnon -, Charles Sint art, of Ard/heil; George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Camwatk; Lazvrence Oliphant the elder, of Gajk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gajk; James Graham the younger, of Airth-, John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart -, Francis of

Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gi/livrae, of Drumaglash; Lauchlan Mac Intosh Merchant, at Inverness; Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross, of Pitca/ny; Alexander Mac Lead, Son to Matter John Mac Leod, Advocate; John Hay Portioner, of Reftalr W ritcr to the Signet; Andrew Lumjdale, Son to William Lumsdale, Writer in Edinburgh-, and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Sco; of High Treason, unless they shall render themselves by a Day certain, therein to be mentioned; was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, in Press 5. Line6. To leave out "or,"and inlert " and."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to attaint Alexander Earl of Kellie-, William Viscount of Strut kalian-, Alexander Lord Pitjligo -, David Wemyfs Esquire, commonly called

Lord EJcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Farl of Wemyfs', James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of;

Simon Frafer Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly called Lord Lnvis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drutaking upon him-

self the Title of Duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn; David Ogilvie, taking upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth; Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie-, Sir William Gordon, of Park; John Murray, of Broughton Esquire; John Gordon the elder, of j Donald Came-

ron the younger of Lochiel-, Dr. Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lo-ehitl; Ludovick Cameron, of Tor Castle; Alexander Cameron, of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald, of Clanronald, junior. Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clanronald; Donald Mac Donald, of Lochgarie-, Alexander Mar Donald, of Keppoch; Archibald Mac Donald, Son

of Col Mac Donald, of Barifdale; Alexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe; Evan Mac Pherson, of Clunie; Lauchlan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle Lauchlan; John Mac of Mac Kinnon-, Charles Stewart, of Ardftteil-, George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath; Lawrence Oliphant, the elder, of Gafts; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gajk -,

Vol. 25.

James Graham the younger, of Airtlr, John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Farquharson, of Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gilivrae, of Druma-glajlr, Lauchlan MacIntofh, Merchant at Inverness-,

Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander Ross, of Pitca/ny;

Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Matter John Mac Leod,

Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Reftalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, otherwise Lumfdain, Son to William Lumsdale, otherwise Lumfdain, Writer in Edinburgh -, and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland-, of High Treason, if they shall not render themselves to One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on or before the Twelfth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord 1746, and submit to Justice.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, Messagefrorh That he had a MefTage from his Majesty, signed by his the Kin*. Majesty; And he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker, the Members being uncovered, and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

The Desire which his Majesty's faithful Commons have expressed, to shew some publick Mark of their Approbation of the Services performed by his dearly beloved Son the Duke of Cumberland, towards suppressing the Rebellion, and preserving our happy Constitution in Church and State, has given his Majesty the greatest Satisfaction: His Majesty is therefore persuaded, that, upon this Occasion, he complies with the Inclination of this House, in recommending to their Consideration the settling an additional Revenue upon his laid Son, and his Issue Male, with such Provisionsas shall be judged proper.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That this House will.

To morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's most Gracious Message into Consideration.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Reiblutions, which the '

Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surpluses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That, towaids raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to raise a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer- Bills, to be charged on the First Aids or Supplies, to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant. to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fan, Mr. ChanoaJIor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlef Mr. Arundel, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney-General,

Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do. prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Privilege,

Mr. Samuel Johns, Solicitor in Chancery, Thomas Allen,

Butcher in Newport-market, John Hughes, Printer, and Mr. Thomas Paulin, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Mr. Samuel Johns be ordered to attend this House upon this Day Two Months;

R r Th#

Vjocwie

*54

ij' — 14° Mali. 1746.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, ] 8,.

Tellers for the Noes, j ] 96-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Mr. Samuel Johns was called in: And Mr. Speaker having acquainted him with the Resolution of the House, of the 30th Day of April lad, in relation to the printed Paper then complained of; and with the Report, as far as it relates to him, of the Committee ap-finted to enquire who are the Author, Printer, and ublifhers, of the said Paper; and to report the same to the House;

He alleged, in his Excuse for writing the said Paper, That, in drawing it up, he had no Intention to offend the House; and that it was drawn up, and carried to the Press, in a Hurry, without an Opportunity of revising it; but acknowledged, That he had acted without proper Caution; and asked Pardon of the House for his Offence.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Samuel , being the Author of the said Paper, be now brought to the Bar of this House; and be, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker for his said Offence.

He was brought in accordingly; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker; and discharged, paying his Fees.'

Ordered, That the said Thomas Allen be dismissed from any further Attendance upon this House.

Ordered, That the said John Hughes be dismissed from any further Attendance upon this House.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Paulin be dismissed from any further Attendance upon this House.

American The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Trade, Jcc. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act of the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America; and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also of another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Colleding of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney , and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual;

Resolved, That this House will, uponTo-morrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Pretention of The Order of the Day being read, for reluming the Smuggling, further Corisideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Morning next.

American The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Colonial resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Trade. die g,|j for the better Encou. agement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. (

Prevention of The other Order of the Day being read;

Smuggling. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Bill for preventing the most infamous Practice of Smuggling.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Cujl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Cujl reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 140 die Maii;

Anno i9° Georgii IP* Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire. That this House will impart to Rebellion — their Lordships the Names of such Persons as appeared, Attainder of and were examined before this House, in relation to the Bill, intituled, An Act to attaint Alexander Earl of William Viscount of Strathallan-, Alexander Lord Pitjligo-,

David Wemyjs Esquire, commonly called Lord Elcho, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of;

James Drummond Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Str at Italian; Simon Frajer Esquire, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord;

George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol; Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Gojmo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of James Graham,

late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount of Dundee; John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn; David taking upon

himself the T»tle of Lord Ogilvie; John Drummond, taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth; Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie; Sir William Gordon, of Park; John Murray, of Broughton Esquire;

John Gordon the elder, of Glenbuckett; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; Dr. Archibald ren. Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; LudovickCameron, of Tor Castle; Alexander

Cameron, of Dungallen; Donald Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald, junior. Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald; Donald Mac Donald, of Lochgarie; Alexander Mac Donald, of Keppoch; Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of BarijdaleAlexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe-, Evan Mac Pherson, of Clunie lan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle Lauchlan; John Mac Kinnon,

of Mac Kinnon; Charles Stewart, of Ardjheil; George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath; Lawrence the elder,

of Gajk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of Gajk;

James Graham the younger, of Airth; John commonly called John Roy Stewart; Francis Jon of Monasterye; Alexander Mac of Druma-

glash} Lauchlan Mac Intosh, Merchant at;

Malcolm Rojs, Son of Alexander Rojs, of Pitcalny Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Master John Mac Advocate; John Hay, Portioner of Reftalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumjdale, otherwise Lumfdain, Son to William Lumjdale, otherwise Lumjdain, Writer in Edinburgh-, and William Fid/er, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland; of High Treason, if they shall not render themselves to One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, on or before the Twelfth Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, and submit to Justice.

And

Ways iod Means.

Ramsden's

Name.

Manners

Ben net's Efaca

19 Geo. II. 14° — 1

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the Lords be acquainted, That the Persons who appeared, and were examined, at the Bar of this House, in relation to the said Bill, were, — Charles Campbell, John Hickfon, John Vere, William , John

Gray, James Berkeley, Hugh Douglas, James Logie, Angus Mc Kinnon, George Hay, Patrick Goldie, and John Rad.

Ordered, That the Messengers be called in, and acquainted therewith.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith accordingly.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and'Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause of Credit, with regard to so much of the Bill as relates to the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Walter Hawk/worth Esquire, formerly called Walter Ramsden, and the Hein of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Hawk/worth, pursuant to the Will of Sir Walter Hawkfworth Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Northumberland, late the Estate of John Manners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to make an efleftual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mr.

del, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Walker, Mr. Mr. Har-

ris, Mr. Brereton, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fere, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Carew, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Glanvil/e, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Craigie, Mr. Scott, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Winford, Mr. Bowles, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Williams, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Young, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Powlett, Major Selwyn, Mr. West, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Lord Carpenter-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chatqber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant on the Death of their Father, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mr.

Pratt, Lord Strange, Lord Dupplin, Mr. O/baldefton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Hay, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Vere, Mr. Fane, Mr. Levinz, Sir Mr. Vane,

Mr. Monson, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Craigie, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Southwed, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Prowje, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Winford, Mr. Wodehouse. Lord Gage, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. , Mr. Gore, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hooper, I^ord Coke, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Duncombe, VoL. 15.

5* Mail 155

Mr. Archer, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Earle, Sir James Grass Dr. I ee, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gwynn, Admira Vernon, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Douglas, Mr; Knight, Sir Wat. Williams Wynne, Sir Thomas Bcotle, Mr. M‘kye, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, Middlesex, $nd the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Labelye, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Die House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take his Majesty's most gracious Mef-sage into Consideration.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 150 Man;

Anno 190 Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

V

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Elde, and Mr. Thurston;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts of Parliament, one for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River Froome; and to make a Causey to the East End of the Town of over Forthington

Moor, in the County of DorJ'et without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Henry Archer presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue so much of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as prohibits the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and firstcomposed or written, and printed in Great Britain-, and for the more effectually securing Copies of Books

printed

Labelye'*

Mat.

Supply,

Ways and Means.

The King'* Mtflage considered.

Encouraging Growth o( Coffae.

Froome Bridge, Sic.

Importation of printed Books.

156 15* — 2$b . 174

printed in England, for the tJfe of publick Libraries; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the time was receiveJ; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timp.

Prevention Sir John Cust, according to Order, reported, from the of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for mugg ing. prevent;ng most infamous Pract ice of Smuggling was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one 1 and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One of them, which was dilagrecd to, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, forbidding any Writ of Delivery for any Boat or Vesselfeized for running, pncustomed Goods, or on Suspicion thereof till af^pTrial and Judgment.

Alfa the said Clause was Twice read.

'And, being amended.

The laid Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of

the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Cumberland s Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Ktvenue. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to take his Majesty*6 most gracious Message into Consideration, the Resolution which the Committee had di-. reded him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read } and is aj followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an additional Revenue of Twenty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, be settled on his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country, to be issuing and payable out of the Duties and Revenues composing the Aggregate Fund.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine con, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an additional Revenue of Twenty-five thousand Pounds fier Annum, be settled on his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country, to be issuing and payable out of the Duties and Revenues composing the Aggregate Fund.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Fox, Mr. , the Earl of sex, Mr. Arundel, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. , and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the °n # further Confederation of the Report from the Commit-Smag^ling. jee> to whorn it was referred to enquire into the causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

American The House resolved itself into a Committee of the ^TnSc^ whole House, upon the Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Calvert took the Chairof the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddireded him tp report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Se-

vennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 26° die Mail \

Anno 19* Georgii IP* Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

QR D E R E D, That the Reverend Doctor Funflall be Dr.Ttmftall desired to preach before this House upon Thursday to preach, next, the 29th Day of this In flan t May, at St. Margaret's,

Westminster: And that Sir Richard Lloyd, and Mr.

Wtjl, do acquaint him therewith.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Fuad. Year 1746; and all'o for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the Dies and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Duke of House, according to Order, a Bill for settling an addi- CumbalatHrt tional Revenue upon his Royal Highness William Duke Revenue, of Cumberland, and the Heirs Male of his Body, for the

signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in Obedi- Duke of ence to their Commands, he had transmitted the Thanks Cumberlaad* of this House to his Royal Highness the Duke, for the All*wer to eminent and very important Services performed by him to his Majesty, and the Kingdom, against the Rebels, particularly in the late great Defeat of them in Scotland, by his Majesty's Forces, under his Royal Highness'sCommand: To which his Royal Highness had been pleased to return the following Answer; which Mr. Speaker said he received upon the Saturday after the last Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Speaker, Inverness, May the 7th, 1746.

I desire you would acquaint the House of Commons with the just Sense 1 have of the Regard they have been pleased to shew me upon this Occasion; and to allure them, that nothing can be more agreeable to me than their Congratulation upon the Success of his Majesty's Arms, which is so authentick a Testimonial of their steady Zeal and Loyalty for his Majesty's Person and Government.

Their Esteem and Approbation of my Endeavours in the Publick Service, fill my Wishes; and it will always be my Study to deserve the Continuance of their good.

Opinion.

I cannot enough extol my own good Fortune, in being placed by his Majesty at the Head of an Army, which expressed all along the best Affections, and the greatest Ardour; and crowned all by the Resolution shewn by every Officer and Soldier in the Day of Action: To which, under God, our Success was owing.

I return you my Thanks for the Cordiality and Affection, with which you have executed the Commands of the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker,

Your most-affectionate Friend,

William.

Sir

i9 Geo. II. 26" — 27° Mali. 157

American Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported, Colonial frotn the Committee of the whole House, to whom the u e* Bill for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment*, be

ingrossed.

Offices and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Employment!. jncjCmnify Perl'ons tv ho have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that PurpoiV: And that Mr. , Sir Wat kin Williams Wynne, Sir James Mr. Robert Williams,

Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Lowndes' A Petition of Thomas Lowndes, together with several Preparation Papers thereunto annexed, being offered to be presented affriae Salt. House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confederation of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit.

' Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; re-

presenting to the House, That every State in Europe justly yields the Pteference to Great Britain, and for being always able to supply their Inhabitants, in a most plentiful Manner, with all the Convenienciespf Life, good Salt only excepted; but that, for the said Commodity,

we are forced to have recourse to foreign Nations; and that authentick Vouchers will plainly prove, that from abroad we purchase about Thirty thousand Tons of Salt yearly; That the Petitioner has been at great Expence, both of Money and Time, in endeavouring to improve the Brine Salt of this Kingdom; which he hopes, by his Means, is now brought to that Perfection, as to equal, if not excel, the best French Bay Salt: That, by Order of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, Specimens of \hc Petitioner's Salt have been laid before the College of l*byficians; and that the said learned Body, upon mature Consideration, have made a favourable Report; a Copy of which is annexed to the said Petition: That the Petitioner, on the 7th Day of March last, did by a Letter to Mr. Corbett, Secretary to the Admiralty, propose certain conditional Terms, which, if complied with, the Petitioner offered to disclose his Method of making the said Salt; but that the Lord* of the Admiralty, by a Letter of the 28th of the said Month, declare. That it is not in their Power to agree to those Terms;,both which Letters are annexed to the said Petition; and submitting to the House the Terms mentioned by the Petitioner to this House.

The laid Papers annexed to the said Petition, were also read.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-flight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Lcconnt of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay

Dteiga Salt before this House, an Account of the Quantity of so-

fed in the reign Salt used in the Service of the Navy in Four

hry. Years, ending at Lady-day 1746; and what the fame

did coll.

- rVO L. ac.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Ertirmte af before this House, an Estimate of what foreign Salt has foreign Salt been confirmed in England and Wales for Seven Years, ufedi ending at Lady-day 1746.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Salt Saltimponed* imported into England and Wales in Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1745, distinguishing the Countries from whence imported.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Labelye'* for naturalizing Charles Labelye, was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Caretvdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, purlu- Accounts re* ant to their Address to his Majesty; specting th*

1. Copies of the Establishments of General and Ge- ®tJte ot tte neral Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Years rmy'

1743» *744. *nd 1745.

1. Copies of the Establishments of General and General Staff Officers serving in Flanders, for the Years 1743. 1744. and 1745.

3. A Lift of such Officers as were paid, or are intitled

to be paid, pursuant to the Establishment of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Years 1743, 1744, and 1745.

4. A Lift of such Officers as were paid, or are intitled

to be paid, pursuant to the Establishment of Gfc-neral and General Staff Officers in Flanders, for the Years 1743, 1744, and 1745.

5. The Establishment of General and General Staff

Officers in Ireland> for the Years 1743, 1744* and 1745.

6. The Lift of such Officers as were paid, or are in-

titled to be paid, pursuant to the Establishment of General and General Staff Officers In for the Years 1743, 1744* and 1745;

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the Coni-mittee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Way*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole tndM,aM« House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif* ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 27* die Maii 3

Anno 19* Georgii IP* Regis, 1746.

Praters.

MR. Carew presented to the House, according to offic* «nd Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have £mpioym«nu. omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

S f Resolved,

158

2 7

Mail.

1745.

Resolved, That the Bill be.read a Second time. Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

' and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con-

Windsor Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to cerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had

- - Electing of a Burgeft to serve in this present Parlia- directed him to report the Bill to the House, without

ment for the Borough of New Wind for in the County of any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Berks, in the Boom of Henry Fox Esquire , who, since Clerk's Table.

certain Persons.

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of his Majesty's Secretary at War.

... A Message from the Lords, by Mr. , and Mr. Edwards.

Mr. Speaker,

Rebellion — The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Attainder of Act to attaint Alexander Earl of; William Viscount of Stmt Italian; Alexander Lord David

WernyJs Esquire, commonly called Lord E/clto, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of;

James Drummond Esquire, eldest. Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of Simon

Frafer Esquire, eldest. Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat ? George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George Brother to James

Duke of At hot-,; Lewis Gordon Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Cosmo George Duke of Gordon-, James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth-, James Graham, late

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of GY eat Britain called England, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Monfonpresented to the House, pursuant to their

Add rest to his Majesty, an Account of Payments made for Contingencies of the Forces in Great Britain, Anno 1743; and also an Account of the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for Contingencies of the Army in Great Britain for the Year 1744; shewing the particular Services to which l'uch Money hath been applied, pursuant to Warrants from his Majesty or the Lords justices.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, so far as relates

of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of Viscount

of Dundee-, John Nairn, taking upon himself the Title x . rvn. 1 .,

or Stile of Herd Nairn-, David OgiMe,taking upon *° thue Distnbution10 he Money granted by Parliament

imself the Tirlo of lord OM, TirumlnAfor the Pay — To the Number of effectice Men, and the Lord Ogilvie-, John Drummond, T1'! Jy7 a ui=

the Stile or Title of Isord John ¥ethods of muttering and recruiting the said Land

himself the Title of taking upon himself Drummond, Brother to James Drummond, taking on himself the Title of Duke of Perth-, Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Naira, of Aldie; Sir William Gordon, of Park; John Murray, of Broughton Esquire; John Gordon the elder, of Donald Came-

ron the younger, of Lochiel-, Doctor Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel -, Ludovick Cameron, of Tor Castle; Alexander Cameron, of Dungallon-, Donald Mac Donald, of Clan-rottald, junior. Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald-, Donald Mac Donald, of; Alexander Mae Donald, of Keppoch; Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of Barif; Alexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe-, Evan Mac Pherson, of; lan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle John MacKinnon,

of Mac Kinnon-, Charles Stewart, of George

Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath-, Lawrence the elder,

of Gajk-, Lawrence Oliphanl the younger, of Gajk-, James Graham the younger, of AirtJr, John Stewart, commonly called John Roy Stewart-, Francis fott, of Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gi/ivrae, of

glash-f Lauchlan Mac Intosh, Merchant at Malcolm Ross, Son of Alexander RoJ's, of;

Alexander Mac Leod, Son to Matter John Mac Ad-

vocate; John Hay, Portioner of Refalrig, Writer to the Signet; Andrew Lumsdale, otherwise Son to William Lumjdale, otherwise Lumfdain, Writer in Edinburgh; and William Fidler, Clerk in the Auditor's Office in the Exchequer of Scotland-, of High Trealbn, if they

Forces and Marines.

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing the infamous Practice of Smuggling, being now ingrafted, be read the Third time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill, for settling an additional Revenue upon his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gybbon reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rc-

shall not render themselves to One of his Majesty's Jul- port, when the House will please to receive the same

▲ _ £ A 1 1 f* A I 1 A t £* _ _ F fl M -J 1 Lk A 4 L* A D A lx A A «V A M I I

tices of the Peace, on or before the Twelfth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, and fubrnit to Justice; without Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

any

Manners

That the Report be received upon this Day

Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate Inforance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great; and on Merchandizes

or Effects laden therein;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to impower Bodies Corporate, being sued upon Policies of to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchas Insurance, to pay Money into Court, fers, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Then the House resolved itself'into the said Com* Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the mittee.

Mr.

Sir Henry Liddell reported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Lands and Tenements in the County of Northumberland, late the F.state of Manners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them

Regiilavnf

the Alilicu.

Account of Army Contingencies.

Prereatka

of

Smuggling,

Duke of Curaberlamfj Revenue,

Bankrupt

Laws.

Inftrrancp of Ship*.

ig Geo. II.

27° — 28® — 290 Mali.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Car no took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made> several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28°;

Anno 19" Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Manners A ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. -F\. fur veiling divers Lands and Tenements, in the County of Nor/humberland, late the Estate of John Man-

ners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable than to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasfers, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Liddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

n^t\,nA___ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

compelling for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates Appearance or principal Residence are in , to appear at Edin-

Personsf*1 burgh, or where it shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour, without any Amendment: And also.

Supply Bill; have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Foreign for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable Sail-ciocfa. on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this Kingdom;

and for charging all foreign-made Sail-cloth with a Duty; and for explaining a Doubt, concerning Ships being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be fumished with One compleat Set of Sails made of Sail-cloth;

without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Duke of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Cambertand'1 House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Revenue, pjoufe, upon the Bill for settling an additional Revenue upon his Royal Highness William Duke of,

and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rcfjlved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchquer took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hud directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

a.,-.;- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of the Sbpply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Vol. *5.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, an ean* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into this said Committee.

The other Order of the Elay being read, for the House Greenwich to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hospital, fcp. upon the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the Thirteenth Ytar of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also of another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich', and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for the enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and for making the same more effectual;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Glause or Clauses, for obliging the Captors of Gold and Silver from his Majesty's Enemies to bring the same to be coined at his Majesty's Mint or Mints.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

Twelve of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 90 die Maii j

Anno 19* Georgii II4' Regis, 1746.

AFTER divine Service, Mr. Speakerand the House The House

walked from St. Margaret's Church to the House. D»-

vine Service.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Duke of whole House, to whom the Bill for settling an additional Cumberland'! Revenue upon his Royal Highness William Duke of evenue' Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the lignal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer accordingly reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and the first Amendment being read aSecond time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Amendment in Fo. 1. L.* After the Word " Males," to insert " of his Body," being read a Second time;

Ad 1

16b

An Amendment Was proposed lo be made thereunto, by adding thereto, after the Word Body," the Words " being Protestants."

And the Question being put, Ttut those Words be there inserted j

The House divicTed.

The Yeas went forth.

rp c tv \ Admiral Vernon, Tf

Tellers for the Yeas,-I K/r . S i.

( Mr. bydenham:

t> 11 c . i xt {Sir 1 ,

lcllers for the Noes, < J <4.

' I Mr. Osbaldeston: ]

So it passed in the Negative.

The llefidue of the Amendments, being severally read a Sec«nd time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Dr. Tunstall Ordered', That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked, the Reverend Doctor for the Sermon by him

this Day preached before this House, at Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be detjred to print the fame: And that Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. West, and Mr. Hay, do acquaint him therewith.

A. 1746,

Whinnebah;

James Fort, at Accra;

Prampram;

William's Fort, at and

Dixcove;

Transmitted in the abovesaid Letter:

The State and Condition of the island of Qoree and of Senegal, transmitted in the abovesaid Letter:

Extrad of a Letter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship Sutherland, to the Chiefs of Cape Coast Castle; dated 26th November 1745, transmitted in the abovesaid tatter:

Extract of a Letter from the Chiefs of Cape Coajl Castle, to Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland; dated the 27 November 1745, transmitted in the abovesaid Letter:

And Mr. George Grenville accordingly presented to the House the said Papers, together with a Schedule thereof.

And the said Schedule was read.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

29 s — -30 ° Mali. '

American An ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of the Colonial Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America, was Trade* read the Third time.

Resolved, T1 a: the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

African ^r- George Grenville, from the Commissioners for

Forts, &c. executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, acquainted the House, That the Address of this House of the 26th Day of April, in the last Session of Parliament, in which this House did desire, that his Majesty Would be graciously pleased to direct, That the Officer commanding the Ships of War to be stationed on the Coast of Africa, might be instructed to visit, inspect, and survey all the Brhish Forts, Settlements and Garrisons upon the said Coast; to take a particular Account of their present State and Condition; and to make a Return thereof to his Majesty, by the first convenient Opportunity that might offer for that Purpose; and that his Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the said Return to be laid before this House in this Session of Parliament, was presented to his Majesty, after such Station Ships had failed for the fki'd Coast; so that the Commanding Officer of such Ships could not receive the Instructions intended by the said Address, in Order to make a Return thereunto, to be laid before this House; but that, the said ' Commissioners having, by his Majesty's Command, lkid before this House, upon the 8th Day of April last, an Account of the State and Condition of some of the Royal African Company's Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, transmitted to the Admiralty-Office, in a tatter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, and dated the 4th of August 1745; and having since received a Letter from the said Captain Pocock, dated the 9th February 1745,

With several Papers therein transmitted; the said Commissioners had received his Majesty's Commands, to lay before this House;

Extract of a Letter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, to Mr.;

dated Antegoa, the 9 February 1745:

An Account of the State and Condition of the Royal African Company's Forts and Settlements on the Coast ®f Africa, under-mentioned; viz.

Cape Cor.ftCastle;

James Fort, in the River;

; Commsnda;

Snccondee-,

1 Taut uniqaerry;

The Order of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report Committee from the Committee, to whom it was referred to en- s onr . quire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of mu^IB*' Smuggling, and consider of the most: effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; bfe further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 3 0° die Maii;

Anno 19* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.;

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some of the Iftimaw®# Commissioners of the Salt Duties attended at the foreign Salt Door; ufed‘

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Estimate of what foreign Salt has been confu'med in England and Wales -

for Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1746.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed. That Mr. from Account of

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Salt imported. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to thte House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Salt imported into England and Wales in Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1745, distinguishing the Countries from whence imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up With the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. . j

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted, to qua- office* and lify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promo- Employment tions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

14

io Geo. II. 30° — 310 Mail — 161

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee or the uhole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ir(elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Fonereau and Mr. Locke be added so the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale ot divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Suffolk and Mid-dhfex, entaiied on the Daughters of Thomas Bennett Esquire, in order to raise a Sutn of Money, in present, for their I\>i tions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant on the Death of their Father, is committed.

Infiirance Mr. Carexv, according to Order, reported, from the of bhipi. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain; and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That 1'uch a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

lation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed:

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being once read;

Notice was taken, that there were not Forty Members present: Whereupon Mr. Speaker, without a Question put,

Adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 31* dieMaii; Anno 190 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Q R D E R E D, That Mr. Ord, Mr. Mr. Bennett'*

Laroche, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brere- Bftate*.

ton, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. Noel, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and , entailed

on the Daughters of Thomas Bennett Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant on the Death of their Father, is committed.

Dukpof An ingrossed Bill for settling an additional Revenue C,"*'c*'kndt upon his Royal Highness Duke of Cumberland,

veaue* and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highncls to his Country, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in P>cfs Second, Line Fifteenth, by leaving out,

established by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the FirstAnd the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling an additional Revenue of Twenty-five thousand Pounds upon his Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Reflating The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Elections for for the better Regulating of Elections of Members to Cities, &c. serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties of themselves, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Admeafnre- The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the aBc-ntof Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Coals. whom the Bill mor; effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, within the City and Liberty of and that Part

of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew, born, as lies in the County of , was committed.

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon this Day §evennight.

Regulating The other Order of the Day was read, for taking into the'iVlilitia. further Consideration the Report from the Committee ot he whole House, to whom the Bill for the better R egu-

Vol. 25.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 2° dieyunii;

Anno 19* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Brereton reported from the Committee, to Duckinfield'* whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitu- Name.

Jed, An Act to enable Sir William Duckinfield Daniel Baronet, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of pursuant

to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed, That it was now found proper to make some Amendments to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Watk. Wms. Wynne, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr.

Lyfier, Mr. John Owen, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellozves, Sir Thomas Bootle, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to enquire F(.cs of Ser-into the Fees taken by the Serjeant at Arms attending jeantatArms this House, and by the Messengers of the House; and and Meffcn-to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the £ere*

House:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Plumer, Mr. P/umpfre, Lord Strange, Mr. Frankland, Doctor Cotes, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Arundell,

Nix. Hay, Mr Fane, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

Sir Watk. Wms. Wynne, Sir Wm.Y Sir James Mr. Crew, Mr. Liddell, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pytts, Mr. son, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. S/ert, Mr. Winford, Nix. Locke, Mr. Gun dry,

Mr. Wefi, Colonel Elliot, Mr. George Fox, Doctor Lord Coke, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Packer,

Mr. Warburten, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Humphry, Mr.

T t Vaughan,

16

2

2° — 3°

A-1746.

Vaughan, Mr. Bertie:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Regulating Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the the Militia. whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be taken into further Considera-tionup on WednesdayMorning next.

Officers Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Qualifications, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolveditself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they

jK had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rejo/ved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itleif into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Greenwich Mr. Hay, according to Order, reported, from the Hospital, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor explaining and amending an Act, of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to America, and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and of another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also of another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Collecting of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question llverally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Parker, and Mr. Baron Clive:

16

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duktof for settling an additional Revenue of Twenty-five thou- Cumberland*' sand Pounds upon his Royal Highness William Duke of evenue* Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Lowndes' to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to preparation consider of the Petition of Thomas Lowndes; 0 U"ue

Ordered, That the Estimate of what foreign Salt has been consumed in England and Wales for Seven Years, ending at Lady-day 1746, be referred to the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Salt imported into England and Wales in Seven Years, ending at Christmas 1745, distinguishing the Countries from whence imported, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Doctor Cotes took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Doctor Cotes reported from the Committee, That they had come to teveral Resolutions, which they had directed him to report; and had also directed hitn to make a Motion to the House; when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hume Campbell, from the Committee appointed lute of to consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and d* Amy. Marines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effective Men, and the Methods of muttering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis 30 dieJunii;

Anno i9° Georgii II1'1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hooper, Mr. oi j,fr_ Mellish, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. jean: at A nr

roy, Mr. Henry Bathurst, Colonel Norton, Mr. Maule, be and Meflcn-added to the Committee appointed to enquire into the &erk*

Fees taken by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and by the Messengers of the House.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported, from the Offices and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to in- Employ-demnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them- uier‘t* selves for Offices, Employments, a;d Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him t® report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

19 Geo. II. 30 J 163

Bennett'* Ordered, That Mr. Denzill Onslow, Mr. Hairy Waller, Then the said Resolutions, being severally read a Estate*. West, Mr. Harley, Mr. Haw. Brown, Mr. 'Talbot, Second time, were, upon the Question severally put

Mr. RanTtnjon Earle, Sir John CroJJs, Mr. Crozvle, Mr. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bathurjt, Mr. Banks, be added to the Committee, to Doctor also acquainted the House, That he was

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An directed by the Committee to move, That an humble Act for S.'.le of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Ma-Counties of Suffolk and Wiiddlesex, entailed on the Daugh- jesty will be graciously pleased to authorize and direct ters of Thomas Bennett Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for High Admiral, or the Lord High Admiral for the Time their Revtrfionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant being, to enter into an Agreement with the said Mr. on the Death of their Father, is committed. Thomas pursuant to the said Proposal, and to

cause to be made the several Trials mentioned in the

Duckinfield's Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom

Name. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to

enable Sir William Duckinfi Daniel Baronet, and the Heirs Males of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Dpurfuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deteased, was re-committed. That the Committee had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. I.. 38. After "lawfully," insert "to be:"

Pr. a. L. 7. Leave out "and

Pr. 3. L. 1. Leave out " and his Issue inheritable under," and inlcrt, " pursuant to

L 17. Leave out from " Instruments," to " provided," in Line 32:

L. 34. Leave out, " any of," and in the same Line leave out " Persons," and insert Person

L. 38. Leave out " they, or any of them, are," and insert " he is :"

L. 40. Leave out " them, or any of them," and insert " him

Pr. 4, L. j . Leave out " they, and every of them," and insert " he :"

L. 4, and 5. Leave out " they, every, or any " of them respectively,' and inlcrt " he."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Bankrupt Mr. Gylbon, according to Order, reported, from the Law«. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lowndes' Doctor Cotes, according to Order, reported, from the Preparation Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred of Brine Salt. j0 Consider of the Petition of Mr. Thomas Lowndes, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the improving the Brine Salt of this Kingdom, would be a great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of this Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proposal made by Mr. Thomas Lowndes, for dif-covering his Method of making Brine Salt, is reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Proposal, which was delivered in to the said Committee by the said Mr. Lowndes, be laid before the House.

The said Proposal being accordingly laid before the House, was read.

VOL.

fame, in such Manner as they shall think fit; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to order such Sum or Sums of Money, from time to time, to be paid to the said Mr. Thomas Lowndes, upon the Certificate of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord High Admiral for the time being, as shall be mentioned in such Certificate; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the lame.

And Doctor Cotes moved the House accordingly.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to desire his Majesty will be graciously pleased to author'ze and direct the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, to enter into an Agreement with the said Mr. Thomas Lowndes, pursuant to the said Proposal, and to cause to be made the several Trials mentioned in the feme, in such Manner as they shall think fit; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to order such Sum or Sums of Money, from time to time; to be paid to the said Mr. Thomas Lowndes, upon the Certificate of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, as shall be mentioned in such Certificate; and to allure his Majesty, that this House will make good the fame. J

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions and Proposal be humbly laid before his Majesty, at the feme time with the said Address.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Prevention of Reading of the ingrossed Bill for preventing the infa- Smuggling; mous Practice of Smuggling;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,. j 6.

Tellers for the Noes }«

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr Attorney-General have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for Custonu the more effectual discovering, apprehending, and bring- Law* again* ingto Justice, Persons who go armed toaffift in running, defending, or rescuing prohibited and uncustomed perifon*. Goods; or in defending or protedling Persons guilty of such Offences; orobftructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Sir William Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

i6a

3° Junii.

A. 1746.

American

Colonial

Trade.

An Act to attaint Alexander Earl of Ktl'ie;

Vifcotint of Strathallan; Alexander Lord; David

Wcmyfs Esquire, commonly called L^i'd elded;

Son and Heir Apparent of James Earl of Wcmyfs; James Drummond Esquire, elded: Son and Heir Apparent of William Viscount of; Simon Frafer Esquire,

eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Simon Lord Lovat; George Murray Esquire, commonly called Lord George by Mr. Holford Murray, Brother to James Duke of Athol-, Lewis Gordon

Esquire, commonly called Lord Lewis Gordon, Brother to Co/mo George Duke of Gordon; James Drummond, taking upon himself the Title of Duke of Perth; James Graham, late of Duntroon, taking on himself the Title of

Earl of Choi-mondeley's, Arc. Qualification*

Mercurii, 4!* die Junii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords,

and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; without any Amend- Viscount of Dundee-, John Nairn, taking upon himself ment: And also, _ _ the Title or Stile of Lord Nairn; David Ogilvie, taking

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to upon himself the Title of Lord Ogilvie-, John Drummond, enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Sir William Yonge taking upon himself the Stile or Title of Lord John

Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Older of the Drummond, Brother to James , taking

Bath, to take, in Great , the Oath of Office as

Vice-Treasurer and Receiver General and Pay matter General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices: To which the Lords desire die Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir John , Mr. Thomas

jeant at Arm* Gore, Mr. Drake, Mr. Lord Baltimore, Mr.

and Meirexi- Fazakerley, Mr. Wm. Vaughan, Mr. John Owen, Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Vere Poulet, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Wm. Leveson Gower, Mr. Ord, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr, Robert Fenwick, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Richard Uoyd, Mr. Michael Harvey, be added to the Committee appointed to enquire into the Fees taken by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and by the Messengers of the House.

Tees of Ser-

gers.

Dttckinfield's

Namf.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir William DuckinfieiJ Daniel Baronet, and the Heirs Males of his Body, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Daniel, pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased, was read the Third time.

& on

himself the Title of Duke of Perth j Robert Mercer Esquire, otherwise Nairn, of Aldie; Sir William Gordon, of Park; John Murray, of Broughton Esquire; John Gordon the elder; of Glenbuckett; Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel-, Doctor Archibald Cameron, Brother to Donald Cameron the younger, of Lochiel; LudovickCameron, of Tor Castle -, Alexander

Cameron, of Dungallon; Donald Mac Donald, of Clan-romld, junior, Son to Rhonald Mac Donald, of Clan-ronald; Donald Mac Donald, of Lochgarie; Alexander Mac Donald, of Keppoch -, Archibald Mac Donald, Son of Col Mac Donald, of Bar if dale -, Alexander Mac Donald, of Glencoe -, Evan Mac Pherson, of Clnnie; lan Mac Lauchlan, of Castle Lauchlan; John Mac Kin non,

of Mac Kiimon; Charles Stewart, of Ardfheil; George Lockhart, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of George Lockhart, of Carnwath -, Lawrence the elder,

of Gafk; Lawrence Oliphant the younger, of -, James Graham the younger, of Airth; John,

commonly called John Roy Stewart-, son, of Monasterye; Alexander Mac Gilivrae, of Druma-glafh; Lauchlan Mac Intofh, Merchant at Inverness; Malcolm Refs, Son of Alexander , of Pitcalny; Alexander Mae Leod, Son to Master John Mac Lead, Advocate; John Hay, Por'tioner of Reftalrig, Writer to the

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Signet; Lumsdale, otherwise Lumfdain, Son to

Title of the Bill. _ William Lumsdale, otherwise Lumfdain, Writer in Edin-

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do burgh; and William Clerk in the Auditor's Office

pass in the Exchequer of Scotland-, of High Treason, if they

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the shall not render themselves to One of his Majesty's Ju(-Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed tices of the Peace, on or before (he Twelfth Day of to the fame, with some Amendments; to which Amend- in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and ments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Forty-six, and submit to Justice:

Lordships. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have acted in

Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, and A Message from his Majesty, by Sir Charles Dalton, for the Preservation of the public Peace of this Kingdom, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion; and

Mr. Speaker, Sheriffs, and others, who have suffered Escapes occasioned

The King commands this Honourable House to at- thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prosecutions: tend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. An Act for calling any suspected Person or Persons,

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up whose Estates or principal Residence are in Scotland, to lo attend his Majesty. appear at Edinburgh, or where it shall be judged expe-

And being returned; dient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended -

his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several public and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for settling an additional Revenue of Twenty-

An Act more effectually to prevent profane Curling and Swearing:

An Act to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One for encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America; and the other for the better securing

five thousand Pounds upon his Royal Highness William and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colo-Duke of Cumberland, and the Heirs Males of his Body, nies in America

for the signal Services done by his Royal Highness to his Country:

An Act for the more effectual securing the Duties now payable on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into this

An Act for the better Encouragement of the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America:

An Act for the better Regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities and Towns, in

Kingdom; and for charging all foreign-made Sails with a that Part of Great Britain called England, as are Counties Duty; and for explaining a Doubt, concerning Ships of themselves:

being obliged, at their first setting out at Sea, to be fur- An Act for the better Preservation of Havens, Roads, nished with One compleat Set of Sails made of British Channels, and navigable Rivers, within that Part of Great Sail-cloth: Britain called England:

An

i9 Geo. IL

koy»l AsTent An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by to Bills. an in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George tiic Firtl, for repairing and enlarging the Road from to Prrfcot, and other

Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of

cosier-, and f ir amending the Hoad leading from P ref cot to the Chapel of St. Helen, in the said County:

An Act to impower Lora Pitt Widow, to erect a Bridge or Bridges over the River; and to make

a C.vdey to the haft End of the Town of Dorchester, over ForthingtonMoor, in the County of Dorset:

An Act for vePing Part of the settled F.states of the Most Noble Henry Duke of Chandos in Trustees, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting other Parh thereof, and for Payment of his Debts; and for securing an Equivalent to the Right Honourable James Brydges, called Marquis of an Infant, and

his issue; and for railing, at Twenty-one or Marriage, the Portion charged on the said settled Estates for the Lady Caroline Brydges, only Daughter of the said Duke, and for securing to her the Interest thereof in the mean time:

An Act to impow'er the Guardians of Other Lewis Earl of Plymouth, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in the County of Glamorgan, during his Minority:

An Act to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and liam Pitt Esquire, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Paymaster-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act for Sale of certain Estates of the late Earl of Fingall in the County of Cavan, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Incumbrances charged thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of the Estate late of Richard Lech-mere junior, and Anne his Wife, in the County of Essex, pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, and for applying the Money, arising by such Sale, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the said Estate; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting divers Lands and Tenements, in the County of Northumberland, late the Estate of John Manners Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to enable them to make an effectual Conveyance thereof to the Purchasers, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of certain Houses and Tenements in IVakefield, in the County of York, Part of the settled Ellate of Joseph Sill Gentleman, for discharging a Bond Debt therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Walter Esquire, for-

merly called Waller Ramsden, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname of pursuant

to the Will of Sir Waller Hawkficorth Baronet, deceased:

An Act for naturalizing Michael Baur An Act for naturalizing John Baptist Pellet:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Labelye.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Hay ter. Archdeacon of York, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the nth Day of this instant June, being the Anniversary of his Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne: And that Sir Wiliiatn Yonge, and Mr. Wilkinson, do acquaint him therewith.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to afrhom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, \Vas committed.

And several of the Amendment^, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, as far as the Amendment in Folio 13. Line 5. were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

j The Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 13. Line 5. directing on what Day of thfc Week the private Men of the said Militia are to be trained and exercised, being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Preamble of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled, An Act for punishing divers Abuses committed on the Lord's Day, called Sunday, might be read:

The Preamble of the said Act was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the First Section of an Act, made in the 29th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said Amendment;

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur. That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the J'JkJPnk: } ,8'

Teller, for the } .

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Word "Sunday" Hand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,5 >9-

Teller, for the Noes, j Sf"' 1

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Tellers, That there were not Forty Members present;

Mr. Speaker, without a Question put,

Adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

W*y« Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to and Meant, resolve illclf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the iaid Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House wilt, upon this DayScren-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Vol. 25.

Jovis, 50 die Junit;

Anno i9° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

MR. Carezv acquainted the House, from the Committee appointed to enquire into the Fees taken by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and by the Messengers of the House; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House; That the Committee had been informed, That Mr. Pozvell, who was formerly Serjeant at Arms attending this House, can give some Information to the said Committee, touching the Subject

U u Matter

Dr. HayteK to preach oti I ith June.

Regulating the Militia.'

Fees of Serjeant at Arms and Messenger*.

A. 1746

166 5* — 6° — 9

Matter of their Enquiry; and that the said Mr. by reason of his Infirmity, is not able to attend the said Committee; and that the Committee had therefore directed him to move the House, That the said Committee, or any Three of them, be impowered to examine the said Mr. Powell at his own House.

Ordered, That the said Committee, or any Five of them, be empowered to examine the said Mr. Powell at his own House, at any time that the said Committee, or any Five of them, think fit.

Offices and An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Employments, omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Regulating the Militia.

Ordered, That the House do now resume the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

The House accordingly resumed the further Consideration of the said Report.

And the Question being put, That" "(land Part of the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill, directing on what Day of the Week the private Men of the said Militia are to be trained and exercised;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Toilers for the Yeas. \ JJj; } 30.

Tellers for the Noes, JJ' 1J.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And fevetal other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Call of The Order of the Day for the Call of the House, the House. being read;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report n Smuggling. from Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smugging. and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opin:on therein to the House; be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Veneris, 6* die Junii;

Anno Is>° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Brereton, from the Commissioners for victual- Account of ling his Majesty's Navy, presented to the House, foriSalt according to Order, an Account of the Quantity of so- Nav». reign Salt used in the Service of the Navy in Four Years, ending at Lady-day 1746.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Sydenham, from the Committee to whom it was Committee referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous on. Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual SmuS8,inS-Methods to prevent the said Practice* and to report their Opinion therein to the House; acquainted the House,

That the Committee had agreed upon a further Report; which they had directed him to make, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the AJmeafiire-Reporf from the Committee of the whole House, to £tnt whom the Bill more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Coal*‘ Abuses committed in the Adroeafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining the ieto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary la Bon, ar d such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew,

as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report be received upon Wednesday Fortnight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Phim'fr'e: . } 43-

Teller, for, he N^Jg#* ' } ,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Hume Campbell, from the Committee appointed to State of consider the State of his Majesty's Land Forces and Ma« d,e Army, rines, so far as relates to the Distribution of the Money granted by Parliament for the Pay — To the Number of effectiveMen, and the Methods of mustering and recruiting the said Land Forces and Marines, made a Report to the House, which the Committee had directed him to make; and he read the Came in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; together with an Appendix thereunto.

The said Report and Appendix are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till To*morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunge, 90 die Junii;

Anno 19* Georgii II« Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the Hnufe, That his Lowndes's Majesty had been attended with the Address cf F'reparation

E.»rl Civil-mooOcicv \a, he. Qualification.

Ben net's £ dates.

Custovm

Laus agaii armed and difgaifed Tenons.

Supply.

19 Geo. II.

this House; relating to the PrOposal made by Mr. Thomas Lowndes far discovering his method of making Brine Silt: and also with the said Proposal; and with the Re-solutions of this House thereupon: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House, That his Majesty will give Directions, according to the (hid Add rels.

An ingrossed BiH, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Earl of Cho/m and Sir William Tonga Baronet, Knight of the moll Honouiable Order of the Bath, to take, in Great the Oath of Office

as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver General and Paymaster General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to quality themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was lead the Firtl time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Suffolk and MidJJefex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Barnet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in pr.-sent, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant on the Death of their Father, was committed. That the Committee had examined tljc Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true, except One of them, which the Committee has left out; and that the Parties-concerned had given their Confenl to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and hnu made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Tabic.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re committed to the same Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual discovering, apprehending, and bringing to Justice, Persons who go armed to aflilt in running, defending, or rescuing, prohibited and uncustomed Goods; or in defending or protecting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices: And the same was received 1 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion w'as made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be printed;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company ot Boatmen, Half Gallies 01 S'dr cners, for the Service of Georgia, for the Year 1746, bn referral to ti e laid Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of a Letter front Captain

Pocock, Commander i f his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, to Mr. Corbett, dated Antegoa, the 9th February 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the State and Condition of the Royal African Company's Forts and Settlements, on the Coalt of Africa, under-mentioned;

Cape Coast Castle-,

fames Fort, in the River Gambia Common da;

Su'cendes;

TaKtumquerry;

IVinnebah;

fames Fort, at Accra;

Vol. 25.

167

Prampram;

William's Fort, at; and

Dixcove;

transmitted to the Admiraltyi Office, in a Letter From Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, dated the 9th February 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State and Condition of the Island of Goreeand of Senegal, transmitted to the Admiralty-Office, in a Letter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, dated the 9th February 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of & Lettet from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, to the Chiefs of Cape Coast Castle, dated 26th November 1745, transmitted to the Admiralty-Office, in a Letter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Skip the Sutherland, dated the 9th February 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract of a Letter from the Chiefs of Cape Coast Castle to Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, dated 27th November 1745, transmitted to the Admiralty-Office, in a Letter from Captain Pocock, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Sutherland, dated the 9th February 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the iloufe resolved itself into the said Commitfee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

And there not being Forty Members present;

Mr.Speaker resumed the Chair:

And, without a Quell ion put,

Adjourned the House till Tomorrow Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 1 o °die ^Junii;

Anno 190 Georgii IIJ‘ Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

DE SO I. FED, That this House will, upon Friday Supply. Mi-rning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

An ingrafted Bill for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupt Bankrupts, was read the Third time. Law*

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pivi's 2. L. 24. After " Obligee/' to insert " or " Obligees

L. 38. To leave out orand, after " her,' insert " or their."

And the same were, upon the Question feverrlly put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts.

Ordered, That Sir John Barnard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order made upon Wednesday last, Wav* for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the and Mean*, whole House Tomorrow, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House,

9rt — 1 o° Junii.

Motion rt* feeding Court3 Martial on Ad1. Lestock, &c.

j

Bonnet's

Estates.

Regulating the Militia.

Name.

Bonnet's

Estates.

Bankrupt

Law*.

Privilege.

168 10° —:

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro* posed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Minutes taken at and upon the Trials of Admiral I.ejlock, Captain Robert Petty Captain William , Captain Temple West, and Captain George ,before the Court-martial lately held at Deptford; and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto; together with Copies of the several Sentences of the said Court-martial upon the said Trials;

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

T=Um for the Ym, j 3.

; T'llerS for ,fce N0C!,] jihfTilt: 57-

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Wm Tonge, Sir Mr.

Berkeley, Mr. MellJJi, Mr. Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and

Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expedant on the Death of their Father, is committed.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part ot Great Britain called England, was committed, be resumed upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 12°;

Anno 20* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and M r. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir William Duckinffeld Daniel Baronet, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Daniel, pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Conyers D' Arcey, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. naston, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Coppleston, Sir Daniel,

be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary' Interest in the said Estates, expedant on the Death of their Father, is committed. '

Ordered, That Sir Daniel Lambert do carry to the Lords the Bill for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordlhhips.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, Thomas 16

20 Junii. A. 1746.

Matthew Pope, John Monk, and Joseph Williams, have

ejeded the Tenants of Martin ,a menial Servant

of the Earl of Barrymore, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining and amending an Act, of the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing and encouraging the Trade of his Majesty's British Subjects to,

and for the Encouragement of Seamen to enter into his Majesty's Service; and another Act, of the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of Seamen in his Majesty's Service, and Privateers, to annoy the Enemy; and also, another Act, of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Recovering and Colleding of certain Duties granted towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and to oblige Agents for Prizes to register their Letters of Attorney; and for enlarging certain Powers in the said several Acts; and making the same more effectual; was read the Third time.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 21. L. 32. After " registered," to insert "and " inspected by any Person, gratis

Pr. 24. L. 27. After the Second " and, " to insert that:"

L. 30. After " June," to leave out " fell, or " otherwise dispose of such Gold and Silver, except at " the Mint, to be coined as aforesaid, or shall}" and, instead thereof, to insert " and

L. 33. After "be," to leave out "imported " as aforesaid, export, or attempt to export, the same from any Port or Place in Great Britain or,

" unless exported ;" and, instead thereof, to insert "adjudged 'awtu! Prize, wilfully neglect to bring the same " into his Majesty's Mint or Mints:"

Line 38. After " Silver," to leave out " lo " exported, or intended to be exported, contrary to the " Directions, and true Intent and Meaning, of this " Ad:"

25. Line 10. After "that," to leave out "all and " every Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or any other " Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be concerned " in the felling, exporting, or endeavouring to export, " such Gold or Silver, for any other Purpose than to be " coined, pursuant to the Directions of this Act ;" and, instead thereof, to insert " the Captors or Owners of such " Gold or Silver, their Agent or Agents, so neglecting to bring the same into his Majesty's Mint or " Mints:"

Line 22. After " Westminster" to leave out " or;" and, instead thereof, to insert "and."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcfohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for better securing the Payment of such Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at Greentlich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men, in all Prizes taken from the Spaniards', and for the Coinage of Prize Gold and Silver.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Dr. Hayler, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at St.

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir Wiliam Tonge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. /' land, and Mr. Talbot, do acquaint him thetewith.

The

American Trade, Stc.

Dr. Havfcr thanked.

ao Geo. II. 12* — 13 169

The Orders of the D.iy being rea!;

Committee Ordered, That the further Confident inn of the Report on from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire Smuggling. into tj)e Caufos ()f t],* most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effi'duil Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be former adjourned till Turf day Morning next.

Ditto. Ordered, That the further Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Begotating Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report «l>« Militia, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be resumed Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 13* Junii;

Anno 20* Georgii lldi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

A Book to flRDERED, That the Book, intituled, Vice-Admiral

be returned. Lefiock's Journal, which was presented to the House by Admiral Lefiock, upon the 12th Day of March, in the last Session of Parliament, be returned to him.

liifnrance Ordered, That the Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships ot 2>hip*. belonging to the Subjects of Great; and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; be re-committcJ.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to a fcled C. >mmittee.

The Bill was committed to Mr. Hume, Mr. Carew, Sir John Cuji, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hay, General Oglethorpe, Mr. West, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Stcrt, Mr. k'ernon, Mr. , Mr. Legge, Mr.

Archer, Mr. Douglass, Mr. Mr. Crow/e, Mr.

Bristow, Mr. Boivles, Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Grant, Mr. Walker, Mr. Fane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Phillipson, Mr.

Gore. Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gough, Sir William Yore, Mr. Mel/ish, Sir James Grant, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brereton, Mr.; and

all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Kobe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Commanders of Slops, ard others, concerned in foreign Trade, from the Port of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of was

presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the Bill, now depending before this House, to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain-, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; if it pals into a Law, as it now dands, would be highly prejudicial to the foreign Trade of these Kingdoms, and, in a particular manner, must inevitably, in Time of War, ruin that Share which they in these Northern Ports have therein: That the Petitioners Apprehensions are principally founded on that Clause in the said Bill, wherein it is enacted, " That the Master or Officers belonging to any Ship, on " Proof of his or their having wilfully Separated from their " Convoy, shall, in case the Ship be afterwards taken, destroyed, or run a there, by Means of, or from Apprehension of, any Enemy, be responsible to the Owners, " Freighters, or Aflurers, for the Loss they shall severally " sustain thereby, and may be prosecuted accordingly for " the fame, in the Court of AdmiraltyThat this the Petitioners think is so severe a Clause, that no Captain of Vol. 25.

a Ship can be lafe under it; but is liable to be ruined at all times, byexpenfive Prosecutions: And further representing, That this Clause must have a most pernicious Influence upon all Trade from these Northern Ports, in Time of War: And therefore praying. That if the Bill must pass into a Law, this Clause may be left out, or amended, that the Petitioners may not be under the hard Necessity of either losing all the Benefit they have of Convoys in America, and abroad, or else of losing the main Security they have of their foreign Trade, by Situation, in the Return of their Ships home; or that the Petitioners may have such Relief in the Premises, as to this House shall l'eem most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That Lord Vere Beauclerk, Admiral Anson,

Mr. George Grenville, Lord Barrington, Mr.

be added to the said Committee.

A Bill for the more effectual discovering, apprehend- CustomLaw* ing, and bringing to Justice, Persons who go armed to again# armed assist in running, defending, or refeuing, prohibited and uncustomed Goods; or in defending or protecting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of t heir Offices; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Titefday Morning next, resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossTed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Earl of Chol-enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Sir William Tonge mondeley's. Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Pay malt er-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read a Second rime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plump-tre, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hooper, Sir James Grant, Sir John Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Grant, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Polkill, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Carexo, Mr. Powell, Mr. Knight, Doctor Cotes, Lord Galway, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Butler, Mr. Archer,

Mr. Scctt, Mr. Martin, Mr. Joliiffe, Mr. Danvers,

Mr. Heathcote, Mr. Wilson, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr.

Walker, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Southwell, Mr. West, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Gore, Mr. Pitt,

Mr. Hales, Mr. Crow/e-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Sippfy. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, and Forces in Flanders, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several RcfoJutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

X x Mr.

170 I3‘ — i

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Heguliting Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Re-the Militia, port from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain catted England, was committed, be resumed upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 16° die Juniii Anno 20* Georgii IIai Regis, 1746.

Prater s.

S 1 B'll A BILL for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking ' Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service Fund. of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the U fes and Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fee* of Ser- Mr. Carezv reported from the Committee, appointed to jean: at Arm* enquire into the Fees taken by the Serjeant at Arms attendant! Mcflen- ixig this House, and by the Messengers of the House, *erl* and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to

the House; That the Committee had enquired into the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to report the lame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as follows; viz.

Your Committee ordered the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to lay before them an Account of the pees taken by the said Serjeant, and the Messengers, of Persons brought to the Bar, in order to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, and discharged:

The Deputy-Serjeant laid before the Committee such an Account; and, upon his being asked, What Rule he went by in receiving those Fees r He said, By no Rule; but what one. Messenger had informed another to be the Prad ice.

He was then a/ked, If any Order had been made by the House for Mr. Samuel John to be taken into Custody ? He informed your Committee, That no such Order had been made; but he apprehended that when a Person is ordered to be brought to the Bar, in order to be reprimanded, he is then in Custody; and it has been the Rra&ice, since he has attended the House, to take the Caption Fee of £.3. 6j. 8 and the Fee of 1. 6r. 8 for One Day in Custody, upon such Person's being discharged.

And he informed your Committee, That upon the Discharge of Mr. BlackerbyMr. , and Mr. Le-

diard, the 23d "January 1741, 'they paid the Fees before mentioned; and that the same Fees were paid by Mr. 'Thomas Stevens, on the 30th of June 1742; and by C/tJar Ward, on the 5th of April 1745; which are the only Instances that he remembers.

Then your Committee inspected the Journals of the House, in relation to Persons who were ordered to attend this House, in order to their being brought to the

6° Juniu . 1746.

Bar to be reprimanded, and afterwards ordered to be discharged, paying their Fees; which are as follow; viz.

Sabbati, 22* die Decembris; Sexto Gulielmi et Maria.

The House being informed, That Dyer, the Newsletter Writer, attended, according to the Order of Yesterday; he was called in, and heard, touching the Complaint made against him; and, acknowledging his Offence, humbly begged the Pardon of the House for the lame.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Dyer be brought to the' Bar, and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his great Presumption.

And accordingly he was brought in, and reprimanded.

Ordered, That the said Dyer be discharged, paying his Fees.

Luna, 18* die Martii; 7* Gulielmi

Mr. Bird attending, according to Order, he was called in; and, being at the Bar, was told by Mr. Speaker, That there had been a Complaint made against him to this House, for offering of Money to Mr. Mujgrave, a Member of this House, to present a Petition to this House: Whereunto he said. That some Persons did apprehend, that a Bill, depending in this House, for settling an Estate late of Mr. Howland, did affeift their Interest in Part of that Estate; and therefore desired him to prepare a Petition, to be presented to this House, for the providing for their Interest; which accordingly he did: And that he, being a Stranger to the Proceedings of this House, and there being a Title in the Cafe, and knowing Mr. Mujgrave to Be a Gentleman of the Long Robe, did intend to give him a Guinea for his Advice in that Matter; but understanding, by Mr. Mujgrave, he had committed an Error in so doing, he had begged Pardon of Mr. Mujgrave, as he did now of this House.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That the said Mr. Bird be called in; and that Mr. Speaker do reprimand him, upon his Knees, at the Bar.

And he was called in; and, upon his Knees, repri-. manded accordingly; and then discharged.

Mortis, ix* die Februarii; Sept into Gulielmi Tertis.

Mr. Griffith Card and Jeremiah Stokes attending, according to Order, they were called in; and, at the Bar, the said Card was heard, touching the Papers by him dif-perfect: And he acknowledged his Offence; and begged the Pardon of the House for the fame.

And then the said Card and Stokes withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Griffith be brought to the Bar, and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker: And accordingly he was brought in, and reprimanded.

Ordered, That the said Griffith Card be discharged, without paying his Fees, with respect to his Poverty.

Sabbati, 23* die Januarii-, Anno 15° Georgii Regis, 1741.

Nathanael Blackerby, George Howard, and Thomas Le-diard, Esquires, attending, according to Order, were brought to the Bar, and, upon their Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, as the House had directed.

Ordered, That the said Nathanael Blackerby, George Howard, and Thomas Lediard, Esquires, be discharged, paying their Fees.

Mtrcurii, 30° die Junti', Anno Georgii 2di Regis,

1742.

Thomas Stephens was, according to Order, brought to the Bar, where lie, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged, paying his fees*

Veneris,

Fee* cf Serjeant at Arm* and Messengers.

10 Geo. II. i 6°Junii. 171

Veneris, tf die Apri/is; Anno 18 IIdi Regis, 1745.

Resolved, That C*far Ward, Printer of the York Cou-rant, having printed the Proceedings of this House, and of a Committer thereof, is guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Cafar Ward be now brought to the Bar of this House, and be, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, for his said Offence;

Yeas 84.

Noes 62.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

He was brought in accordingly; and, upon his Knees, reprimanded by Mr. Speaker; and dischargeJ, paying his Fees.

Your Committee, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined Mr. Samuel Powell; who, upon being asked.

What were tire Fees he took, whilst Jie was Serjeant at Arms attending the House of Commons, for bringing a Person to the Bar, in order to his being reprimanded by Mr. Speaker ? said. That if the Person was not in Custody, he was intitled only to the Sum of 6s. 8 and never took more, during the Time he was Serjeant at Arms, which was 16 Years.

That when he has brought a Person to the Bar, when in Custody, in order to his being discharged, he never look the Fee of 6s. 8 d.for bringing him to the Bar, as he thought he was not intitled to it.

Your Committee also proceeded to enquire into the Fees taken by the MefTcngers of the House, for serving the Orders of the House upon Members who, upon the House being called over, were ordered to attend upon a future Day.

The Deputy Serjeant informed your Committee, That he thinks it is his Duty, when a Member is ordered by the House to attend, to get such Order signed by the Clerk of- the House, and deliver it to the Messengers, who are to serve the fame; for which Service they are intitled to the Sum of 6s. 8d and 6 per Mile for riding Charges: And that he had the Speaker's Order for lo doing.

Then the said Mr. Powell was asked, That when the

House has been called over, and an Order made for absent Members to attend on a future Day, did he fend the Messengers to serve such Orders? He said, No; for as those Members had Time allowed them by the House for their Attendance, and an Order was usually made, that they were to be taken into Custody, if they did not attend, he never lent a Messengerto serve such Order; not thinking it was his Duty so to do.

Upon the whole the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is intitled to, and ought to take and receive, a Fee of Six Shillings and Eight Pence, from every Person not in his Custody, who shall be brought to the Bar of this House, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That neither the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, or any Messenger thereof, are intitled to any other Fee or Sum of Money, to be paid by such Person so brought to the Bar, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, other than the said Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inferring after the Word " Pence," these Words; " and * the Caption Fee of £. 3. 6 s. 8 d. and the Fee of 4* £. 1. 6s. 8 d.for One Day in Custody."

And the Question being put. That those. Words be ihferted j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Vox.. 25.

Telle for he Yeas.f^ } 53.

TeUers for.heNoe.,^" — }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Resolution, by leaving out after the Word " Person," and before the Word " who," the Words "not in his " Custody."

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended. That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is intitled to, and ought to take and receive, a Fee of 6s. 8 and the Caption Fee of £.3. 6j. id. and the Fee 1. 6s. id, for One Day in Custody, from every Person who shall be brought to the Bar of this House, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand One hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, Half Gallies or Schooners, for the Service of Georgia, for the Year 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That out of the Sum of One million Two hundred Ninety-eight thousand One hundred Pounds Fourteen Shillings Seven Pence, granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Forty-nine thousand Two hundred Twenty-nine effeflive Men, for his Majesty's Land Forces, including Commiflkm and Non-commission Officers, and 1,815 Invalids, to be employed for the Service of the Year 1746, there shall and may be issued and applied any Sum not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence, for defraying the Charge of Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1746; and the further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, upon Account, for Contingencies of the Army, for the Year *746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied towards the Maintenance and Support of the British Forts and Settlements, belonging to the Royal African Company of England.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to sefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the further Confederation of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom

Supply; t

Way» and Mean*.

Regulating the Militia.

Insuranca of Ships,

lari of Chol-m nvleley's, &c Qualification.

Preventlngof

Smuggling.

Committee

on

Smuggling.

Ditto.

Cufi'm 1 awa against armed and disguised Persons.

172

16° — 1718° Junii. 1746.

whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was d;fagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 Junii;

Anno 200 Georgii IIJ‘ Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

QR.DERED, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great; and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; was re-committed; be received upon 77'turfJay Morning next.

Mr. Plumptrereported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Sir William Yonge Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, to take in Great Britaithe Oath of Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General and Paymaster-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment

of the said Offices, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for preventing the infamous Practice of Smuggling;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to th^ House;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till To morrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the further Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House j

Ordered, That the said further Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual discovering, apprehending, and bringing to Justice, Persons who go armed to assist in running, defending, or rescuing, prohibited and uncustomed Goods; or in defending or protesting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

18

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJotveJ, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Junii;

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Pr A Y EKS.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act EarlofCliol-to enable George Earl of Cholmondeley, and Sir moncVley's, liam Yonge Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Or- &c.Q»iaiifi-der of the Bath, to take, in Great Britain, the Oath of catloa-Office as Vice-Treasurer and Receiver-General.and Pay-master-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Piumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Enid, &c.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon sinking the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1746; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Re- Committee port from the Committee, to whom it was referred to cn- on quire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling. Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be further adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the further Report from the Commit- Ditto, tee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Cause of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Stanley have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And

j

20 Geo. II. l8° — 190 Junii.

Motion for Address against fending Forces to the Continent.

And the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to defer fending his Forces

to the Continent, as, by an Experience of Four Years, it appears that the Dutch arc not willing to concur in any Measure that may make the Presence of the said Forces effectual, and as their Absence from home may be attended with the greatest Dangers to his Majesty's Crown and Dignity, and the Safety of these Kingdoms;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Thc ^rd 1

I eUers for the \ eas, Berkeley: j

Lord Marquis of

12.

(The

Tellers for the Noes,? Hartington, (Mr. Edgcumbe: So it passed in the Negative.

103.

Committee of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

Privilefe*. tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Second time, one by one 5 and Upon -the Qu£fti6n severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Sennet'*

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Adtfor Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of

Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expedant oh the Death of their Father, was re-committed. That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Jovis, 190 die Junii;

Anno 20° Georgii ILdl Regis, 1746. Prayers.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Regulating further Confederation of the Report from the Committee the Militia, of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Tees of r| 'HE House was moved. That the Resolution of Serjeant X the House, of th.; 6th Day of this lnstant June,

JdcflCqjera! That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is intitled to, and ought to take and receive, a Fee of 6r. id. and the Caption Fee of £.3 6s. id. and the Fee of 6s. id. for One Day in Custody, from every Person who shall be brought to the Bar of this House, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

RefoIveJ, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House is intitled to, and ought to take and receive from, every Person who shall be brought to the Bar of this House, to be reprimanded by Mr. Speaker, the Fees following; viz the Fee of or £.3 id. (according to the Table of Fees) for taking a Person into Custody: The Fees for One Day in Custody; viz. for himself, and 6s.id. for the Messenger; and the Fee of 6s. id. for bringing a Criminal to the Bar.

Supply Bill 1 Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Sinking Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1746; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the Ul'es and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

|afuraace of Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Ships. Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain; and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; was re-committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Yet. 25.

The other Order of tae Day being read, for the House Custom to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, aS*jn® to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual dif- jifgujfoJ covering, apprehending, and bringing to Justice, Persons Person*. who go armed to assist in running, defending, or refeu-ing, prohibited and uncustomed Goods; or in defending or protecting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for securing Officers of the Customs or Excise, and other Persons, against oppressive and vexatious Suits, and for preventing frivolous Claims on account of Seizures.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or '

Clauses for indemnifying, upon certain Terms, Persons guilty of Offences mentioned in the said Bill.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Fane accordingly reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the the 11 Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Yy And

174 I9° — 10° — 1746*

And then the Mouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock*

V eneris, 20° die Junti j Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. Praters.

Supply; *T, HE Order of the Day being read, for the House X to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majestyj

' Resolvetd, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Regulating The House resumed the adjourned Confederation of the Militia; Report from the Committee of the whole House, to tfhom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called , was committed.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Mountague:

Mr. Speaker,

Bankrupt The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Laws. for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts, without any Amendment: And also,

Cfactsand The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Employufcnts. Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, Within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 30 Junii 5

Anno 20* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746. Prayers.

Derby Writ. /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of in the room of the Right Honourable William Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Duncannon in the Kingdom of Ireland-, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for exefuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Kn*Writ0n8h Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to 1 the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knarejbo in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable Richard ArundellPS\\i\xf, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of the Chamber.

Pembroke Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this ^relent Parliament for the County of Pembroke, in the room of John Campbell Esquire; who, since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer.

©rford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgef* to serve in this present Parlia--

ment for the Borough of Oxford, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable Esquire;

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer.

The Order of the Day being' read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ,nd to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Committee further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House';

Ordered, Tint the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned, till Wednesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Pittas further Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said ‘Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the BenwetV Report from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and

Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, expectant on the Death of their Father.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were read; and are as follow,

Press 7. Line 36. After the Word " Scott," insert together with other Lands and Tenements at " with, in the County of Kent :"

Pr. 8. L. 14. After " Middlesex," insert " and " Greenwich, in the County of Kent:"

Pr. 13. L. 19. After " Hereditaments," insert "in " the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex."

L. 24. Leave out " John Hervey," and instead thereof insert " Thomas Bemiet, by the said " nah, his Wife

L. 26. After " of," insert " the said Thomas " Bennet, and of;"

L. 33. Leave out from the Word " and, " to the 1 aft "the" in Line 40, and instead thereof insert " Whereas the said Thomas Bennet has Occasion for the * Sum of One thousand Pounds, and upwards, in Order '

" todischarge his Debts, and has no other Method of " railing Money for the fame, than by the Sale of his Interest in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments;

" And whereas such Interest cannot be sold to Advantage,

" but by felling the whole Inheritance; wherefore:"

L. 42. Leave out "and," and after " Leake," insert Valens Comyn, and Thomas Lane

L. 43. After "Settlement," insert "and win:'*

L. 44. Leave out " so in Settlement," and insert " in Suffolk and Middlesex:"

Pr. 14. L. 2. Leave out "Four," and insert "Six," and after "Hundred," insert "and Fifty:"

L. 9. After " that," insert " in the mean " time he will maintain and educate his said Daughters " in a proper and suitable Manner; and that:"

L. 10. Leave out " Money arififig by such

" Sale,"

20 Geo. It

23* — 24 jte'. iff

ki Sale,'* and insert " laid Surh of Four thousand One " hundred and Thirty-eight Pounds:"

L. 12. After " Use," insert " in order to discharge the said Debts

Pr. 15. L. 25. Leave out " June," and insert " August;"

L. 29. Leave out " and, " and after " Leake" insert " Thomas Lane, and Va Comyn

Pr. 16. L. 8. Leave out " and, " and after " Leake" insert " Thomas Lane, and Valens Comyn

L. 11. Leave out " and, " and after " Leake, insert " Thomas Lane, and Valens Comyn

L. 12. After " the," and before " Survivor," insert " Survivors and

L. 33. Leave out " Four," and insert "Six," and after "Hundred," insert "and Fifty:"

L. 35. Leave out " Four," and insert " Six," and after " Hundred," insert "and Fifty:"

Pr. 17. L. 8. After "Benefit," insert " in order to " discharge the said Debts: Provided always, That in case " the Purchase Money of the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall.exclusive of the said " Sum of £.65o secured by Mortgage to the said John ". Eiliston, amount to more than £.4,138 the Surplus Money, over and above the said Sum of £.4,138, shall be " equally divided into Thirds; and One-third Part thereof shall be paid unto the salt) Thomas Bennet, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and the other Twothird Parts thereof shall be laid out in the Purchase of " South-Sea Annuities, upon the like Trulls, Intents, and

" Purposes, as are herein after mentioned and declared, " of and concerning the South-Sea Annuities herein- before directed to be purchased:

L. 9. Leave out " and:"

L. 10. After " Leake" insert " Thomas " Lane, and Valens Comyn," and after "the," and before " Survivor," insert " Survivors and :"

L. 34. Leave out " and :"

L. 35. After " Leake," insert " Thomas

Lane, and Valens Comyn," and after " the," insert " Survivors and:"

Pr. 18. L. 13. Leave out "and," and after " Leake," insert " Thomas Lane, and Valens Comyn:"

L. 14. After " the," and before " Survivor," insert " Survivors and:"

L. 23. After "veiled," insert "in the said " Trullees:"

L. 26. Leave out " and :"

L. 27. After " Leake," insert " Thomas " Lane, and Valens Comyn," and after " the," and before " Survivor," insert " Survivors, or

L. 31. After " veiled," insert " in the said

Trullees:"

Pr. 19. L. 4. Leave out "and;"

L. 5. After " Leake," insert " Thomas " Lane, and Valens Comyn" and after " shall," insert " any, or:"

L. 6. After "of," and before "either," insert "any, or:"

L. 15. Leave out "and," and after " Leake" insert " Thomas Lane, and Valens Comyn L. 26. Leave out "and:"

L. 27. After " Leake," insert " Thomas Lane, *\ and Valens Comyn" and after "shall," and before " either," insert " any, or :"

L. 28. After " of," and before " either," insert "any, or:"

And the said Amendments, being read a Second time, as far as the Amendment in Press Line were, upon the Quell ion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press Lane being read a Second time, was, upon the Qucllion put thereupon, disagreed to by the I louse.

The roll of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the IIoulc.

Vol. 23.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of CuP.*nis; . the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual discovering, apprehending, and bringing to Juf- disguised tice, Persons who go armed to alfift in running, defend- Persont. ing, or refeuing prohibited and uncustomed Goods; or in defending or protecting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices; was committed; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the pollponed Order be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Mr. Sydenham, from the Committee, to whom it was Committee referred to enquire into the Causes of the moll infamous , on.. Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the moll effec- mu88lnS* tual Methods to prevent the said Practice, and to report their Opinion therein to the House; made a-further Report to the House; which the Committee had directed him to make; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table, together with an Appendix thereunto; and Proposals offered to Mr. Robert Bonell, and delivered to the said Committee, for effectually preventing all Manner of Smuggling, Frauds and Abuses in the Customs, and the pernicious Practice of running Wool from Great Britain and Ireland, to Parts beyond the Seas.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Commute* tions be adjourned. of Pmiiegw,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 240 die Ju?tii;

Anno ao# Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill for granting to his Majesty a cer- Supply Bill j tain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for Siaking the Service of the Year 1746; and also for enabling his Fua<*‘ Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1746; And also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loll, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Naval, impower the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Store*. Majesty's Navy to purchase, for the Use of his Majesty,

Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels; and to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to suffer such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them: And that the Lord Barrington, Mr.

Lyttleton, and Mr. Gajhry, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Custom Report from the Committee of the whole Hoqfe, to whom the Bill for the more effectual discovering, appre- snd disguised hending, and bringing to Just ce, Persons who go armed Person*.

to

4* — 2 5* — 2 6"Junii.

A. 1746.

to afiiift in funning* defending, or rescuing prohibited and uncustomed Goods; or in defending or protesting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices; was committed.

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severaliy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the Act shall restrain the Court of King's-Bench, or the Court of Justiciary, or any of the Judges of those Courts, from bailing Persons committed for Felony, by virtue of this Act, and not convicted or attainted thereof, as aforesaid: And the same was twice read:

The said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

v

} 4«.

3

8.

Tellers for the YeasPJumeft Imv. Bennett:

Tellers for the Noes,^/' G<"'

fMr. Sydenham:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the said Report was read accordingly.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severaliy read a Second time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to go into the Country for Six Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leare of

Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to New Wood-the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the stock Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New fVoodstock, in the County of Oxford, in the Room of the Honourable John Spencer Esquire, deceased.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for preventing the ^rere"t,on infamous Practice of Smuggling, be read the Third time smueeli»w. upon this Day Sevcnnight. "

Mercurii, 250 die;

Anno 20° Georgii IP* Regis, 1746. t* R a y e it s.

M ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

Greenwich The Lords have agTeed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Hospital for better securing the Payment of such Shares of Prizes, taken from the Er jmy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men. in all Prizes taken from the Spaniards-, and for the Coinage of Prize Gold and Silver; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Insuranc* An ingrossed Bill to regulate Insurance on Ships belong-of Ship*. ing ^0 the Subjects of Great Britain; and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; was read the third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects of Great Britain-, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Adroeafure- The Lord Perceval, according to Order, reported, from imntof the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill C*al*. more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Latte after adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Helds, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Pari ill of St. Andrew, , as lies in the County of Middlesex, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Committee from the Committee, appointed to enquire into the Causes on

of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and con- Smuggling* fider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House , be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jo vis, 26* die;

Anno 20 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Boffiney the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boftin the County of Cornwall, in the Room of Rick Liddell Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bennet* for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Coun-, Estate*, ties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary Interest in the said Estates, ex-pestant on the Death of their Father, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

' The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Naval ing to Order, a Bill to impower the principal Officers and Store*. Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy to purchase, for the Use of his Majesty, Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels; and to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to suffer such Stores to be landed and

entered

20 Geo. II. 26° — 270 Junii — 177

entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with Pr. n. L. a 27. To leave out " give in his own," Franct and Spain, or either of them: And the same was and insert " declare by

received; and read the Fird time. L. 27. To leave out from " Oath," to

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Committee Ordered, That the further Confederation of the Report

"V from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire m*' into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House j be further adjourned till dayMorning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be diffident for the Use of the Members of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2 7® Junii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746. Praters.

kSymtumt*. J2ES0LFED, That this House will, at their Riling

this Day, adjourn till Tuesday Morning next.

Ka.a] A Bill to impower the principal Officers and Commis-Siorn. doners of his Majesty's Navy to purchase, for the Use of his Majesty, Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels; and to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to differ such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them; was read a Second time. Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

R.efolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Caftom* An ingroded Bill for the more effectual discoverirg,

apprehending, and bringing to Justice, Persons who go *nd dif^uifed armed to assist in running, defending, or refeuing pro-Perfooa. hibited and uncudomed Goods; or in defending, or protecting Persons guilty of such Offences; or obstructing the Officers of the Revenue in the Execution of their Offices; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 14. To leave out "or Merchandizes:"

L. 17. To leave out " to refeue," and insert " in refeuing," and to leave out " take," and insert " taking

L. 23. To leave out " to refeue," and insert " in refeuing

L. 27. To leave out to prevent," and insert "in preventing:"

L. 33. To leave out from "affiding," to " or,

1 inPr. 3. L.*;"

Pr. 3. L. 7, 8. To leave out " and Commodities " as aforesaid:"

L. 12, 13. To leave out "Sort of prohibited, " uncudomed, or run," and insert " such:"

L. 13, 14. To leave out "or Commodities, " or Goods, or Merchandizes illegally re-landed, as " aforesaid:"

Pr. 5. L. 6. After " Gaol," to insert " or to the " Gaol or Prison of the Place, where he or they shall so " surrender:"

Pr. 6. L. 34. After " aforesaid," to insert " shall:" Pr. 8. L. 36. To leave out " Goods or Chattels:" Pr. tr. L. 19. After " Act," to insert "for any such u Beating, Wounding, Maiming, or Lois of Goods:" Vol. 25.

" before," in L. *:

L. 36. To leave out from "to," to "whether,"inL. 38, and insert "take," and after "whether," insert " he or they :"

Pr. 12. L. 1. To leave out " confessed," and insert " declared:"

L. 4. To leave out " so confessing:"

L. 7. After " no," to insert " such :"

L. 17. Ader "also," to insert "that:"

Pr. 13. L. 23. After " are," to insert " hereby re*

" quired:"

L. 37. To leave out " such," and after " Of-" fender," to insert " against whom such Order shall " have been made:"

Pr. 14. L. 2. To leave out "over," and in the same Line to leave out " above," and insert " shall allb have:"

L. 16. To leave out " that:"

Pr. 16. L. 39. To leave out " to be," and insert " of:"

Pr. 17. L. 3. To leave out " to be," and insert of:"

L. 38. To leave out " of Indemnity:"

Pr. 18. L. 4. To leave out "of Indemnity:"

L. 10. After " Clerk," to insert " of the

" Peace:"

L. 14. After " Clerk," to insert "of the " Peace," and in the same Line to leave out " the," and insert " such :"

L. 26. To leave out " of Indemnity:"

Pr. 19. L. 3. To leave out from "that," to "if,", in L. *:

L. 13. To leave out " and bona fide L. 21. After " Ship," to insert " as forfeited, for illegally carrying Goods, or of any;"

L. 33. To leave out " said:"

L. 36. After " Goods," to insert " and :"

Pr. 20. L. 6. After " any," to insert " such," and after " Ship," to insert " or of any:"

L. 8. After "or," to insert "as."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And 'the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Cudoms or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Cudoms in Informations upon Seizures.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- (apply, night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, i° die Julii;

Anno 20* Georgii II111 Regis, 1746.

PXATXRS.

AN ingroded Bill more effectually to prevent the Admeasure-Fraudsand Abuses committed in the Admeasure- ment of ment of Coals within the City and Liberty of,

and that Part of the Duchy of Lqncqfler adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Si. Giles in the,

St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew, Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

Zz The

A. 1746.

The following Amendment Was proposed to be mide to the Bill i

Pr. 9. L. 39. To leave out " to."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act more effectually to prevent die Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of and that Part of

the Duchy of ‘Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le , aftd such Part of the Parish of St. , as

lies in the County of Middle

Ordered, That the Lord Perceval do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' The Order of the Day being read;

Naval The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

Stores, whole House, upon the Bill to impower the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy to pur- . chafe, for the Use of his Majesty, Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels j and to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to suffer such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spam, or either of them.

Mr. Sneaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they hacl made (ome Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, rkfolve itself' into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Arid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Cloek.

Mercurti, 2° die Julii;

Anno 26® Georgii IIfl Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Naval /ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Jcores. House to resolve itself into a Committee of the

whole House, to consider further of the Bill to impower the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy to purchase, for the Use of his Majesty, Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels; and to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to suffer such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

'Mr.T'homarGorereported from the CommitteerThat they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morsow

' Morning.

Scotland Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a‘ Bill for securing'tfte' the more effectual disarming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlimd; and for the better fe-JiigUaod*. curing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress j and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers Of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and for explaining an Act, made in (

the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland:; -

And that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ' '

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Greenwich Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Hospital, 1 An Act for better securing the Payment of such Shares,

of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men, in all Prizes taken from the Spaniards;and for the Coinage of Prize Gold

and Silver:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 8. Line \6. Leave out " hereafter,' and insert " after the said First Day of July 1746

P. 9. L. 3. Leave out " from henceforth;" and, in the same Line, after " Attorney,' insert " from and after " the said Firil Day of July 1746, to be:"

P. 13. L. ult. and P. 14. L. t. Leave out " his Majesty's Warehouses at such Fort or

L. 3. After "Customs," insert "at the Expence of the Captors'

P. 23. L. .38. Leave out from " brought,' to the End of the Bill:

In the Title of the Bill,

Line 6. Leave out from " to the

End of the Title.

.The House was moved. That the Journal of the,

House, of the Third Day of May 1699, in relation to the Reasons of this House for disagreeing to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellum, and Pasteboard, for the Purposes therein mentioned, might be read;

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 8th Day of April 1700, in relation to the Reasons of this House for disagreeing to the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for granting an -

Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 26th Day of March 1719, in relation to the Reasons of this House for di {agreeing to the Amendi ments made by the Lords to the Bill against clandestine Running of uncustomed and prohibited Goods; and for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That the Amendments made by the Lords to the said Bill, intituled, An Act for better securing the Payment of such Shares of Prizes; taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital

the Shares ot' Run. Men, in all Prizes taken from the Spaniardsi and for the Coinage of Prize Gold and Silver; be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act WednerfeM for founding and building a Chapel in in the Chapel

Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was read-the First time.

The House was moved, That the Journal of the House, of the 1,9th Day of May 1662, in relation to the Reason of the' DilTent of this House to forrte of the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill for Highways, might be read:

... < «And

10 Geo. II.

2°' — 3° — 4* — 8° Julii.

And the same was read accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the said ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente.

‘' prevention The Order of the Day being read, for the House to j>f Stock- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jobbing. Upon the Bill more effectually to prevent the infamous Practice of Stock-jobbing;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Committee The Order of the Day being read, for the Third on. Reading of the ingrossed Bill for preventing the infamous Smuggling. pr4ftice of Smuggling 5

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ditto* Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire . into the Causes of the moil infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the moil effectual Methods to p event the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be further adjourned till thasJDay Scvennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jmis, 30 Julii;

Anno ao* Georgii IId> Regis, 1746. Praters.

Kara! "\/f Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported, Store*. JlVJ. from the Committee of the whole House to whom the Bill to impower the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, to pure hale, for the Ulc of his Majesty, Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, "on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels; and to "enable the Comiruflioners of the Customs to fulfer such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with Frame and Spain or either of them: was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the- Bill, and which ' they had directed him to report to the Housej and he

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Cloek.

Verterts, 40 die Julii;

Anno ao* Georgii II. Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

codam& — "1V/TR- Attorney-General presented to the House, ac-4c mu ing the J.YJL cording to Order; a J Bill for the more effectual ' Sr*LCofth4 disarming the Highlands in that. Part of Great Britain ..Highland?, called Scotland; and for the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom; and for rc-Vol. 25.

(training the Use of the Highland Drds; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and for explaining an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the principal Officers and Nav*l Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy to purchase, for Store*, the Use of his Majesty, Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by. any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels; and to enable the Commissioners of the Customs to suffer such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them; was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to allow the Purchase, for his Majesty's Use, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships; and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and Spain, or either of them.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon IV? Morn- Supply,

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8q die Julii;

Anno 20* Georgii IId* Regis, 1746.

PRATERS.

MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Alien:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inference to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects ®f Skipj. of Great Britain', and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have pilled a Bill, intituled, An Act more Qua'ification effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Ministers of Scotch

from officiating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, Miniflet*. without duly qualifying themselves according to Law j and to punish Persons for resorting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

rThe said; Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the more effectual disarming the Highlands Scotland — in that Part o ( Great Britain called Scotland; and for the securing the

better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Pe*ce of th* Kingdom; and for rellraining the Use of the Highland Hl£hlard* Dress; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and for explaining an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland; was read a Second time.

Resolved,

Committee

on

Smuggling.

Qualification of Scotch Ministers.

Wava and Meant.

Committee

on

Smuggling.

Supply.

180

8° — 90 — 10° — 11* Julii.

A. 174

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 90 Julii;

Anno 20* Georgii II*' Regis, 1746.

Praters,

AMOTION was made, and the Question being put. That the further Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Caules of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be now read;

And Mr. Speaker declaring, That the Noes had it j And a Division being thereupon demanded;

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

And One Yea went forth.

And no Members being left in the House to tell for the Yeas;

The Yea returned into the House.

And Mr. Speaker declared, That the Noes had it.

So the Question passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act, more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Jovis, 1 o° die Julii;

Anno 20* Georgii IId* Regis, 1746.'

Prayer*.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Qualification

House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read:

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Scotland- whole House, upon the Bill fi r the more effectual dif- securing the arming the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', and for the better securing the Peace and *u Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-lix; and for explaining an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled.

An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkinson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to enquire into the Causes of the most infamous Practice of Smuggling, and consider of the most effectual Methods to prevent the said Practice; and to report their Opinion therein to the House; be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned tiff Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerisy 11° die Julii>

Anno 20* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

THE House, according to, Order, resolved itself Qualification into a Committee of the whole House, upon the of Scotch ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act more Miniften. effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Plumer took the Chair of the Committee Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Plumer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon ‘Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Scotland — the Bill for the more effectual dilarming the Highlands ^curing ij* in that Part of Great Britain called; and for the ^Ughland*.

better

20 Geo. II.

better securing the Peace and Quiet 6f that Part of the Kingdom; and for retraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for indemnifying the Judge*, and other Of* ficers of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and forexplainingan Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the more

effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in;

was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill > and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 15# Julii;

Anno 2o* Georgii II'" Regis, 1746.

Praters.

Scotland; Tk J¥ It. Plamer, according to Order, reported, from lVi the Committee of the whole House, to whom 0 10 * the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Ministers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 33. After " aforesaid," insert " and the said Clerk of such Shire, Stewartry, or Borough, shall likewise deliver Two attested Copies of such Certificate to " such Pallor or Minister; One of them to be by him " fixed on the Outside of the Meeting-house. where he " shall officiate, on or near the Door thereof; and the " other in feme conspicuous Place, within such Meeting-house; for each of which last mentioned Copies the Sum of Six Pence Sterling shall be paid, and no more

Pr/6. L. 18. After " offending," insert " who shall " not, within the Space of Three Days, give Information " of such illegal Meeting to some proper Magistrate, " such Person lb offending, and

L. 22. After " Offence," insert " forfeit the " Sum of Five Pounds Sterling Money; One Moiety " thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Succel-1" fort.; and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person " who shall give Information of the said Offence; and

L. 23. After " Months," insert " unlessor until the same be paid

L. 26. Leave out from " shall," to the End of the Clause; and insert " suffer imprisonment for the " Space of Two Years, from the Date of such Conviction :"

L. 37, 38. Leave out " or allowed and in-

« dorsed

Pr. 7. L. 2 1, 22. Leave out "according to the Directions of this Act

L. 26. Leave out " in the Manner before di-

" rested

'Pr. 8. L. t6, 17. Leave out "according to the Directions of this Act:"

At the End of the Bill add Clause At Vol. 25.

Clause A: " And be it En&fted, bjr the Authority " aforesaid, That in case any of the said Judges or Ma*

" gistrates shall be guilty of any Neglect, or Omission " of their Duty, in the Premises, they shall forfeit the " Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling, quoties \ One

" Moiety thereof to the Informer* the other to be di£

" posed of for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where " the Offender shall be resident* for the Time being;

" to be recovered by Summary Complaint before the " Court of Session,. or by prosecuting, before the Court " of Jufliciaty at Edinburgh, or at the Circuit Courts of " Justiciary.k*

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Press 7. Line 2f and 22, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Prels 7. Line 2t and being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Second Section of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion ih that Part of Great Britain called Scotland in the Exerciseof their Religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repealing the Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms

and Marriages; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

Clause A, the last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The following Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

Press 7. L. 21. To leave out " House," and to insert " or Congregation;" and, after "not," leave out, " registered," and to insert " held and allowed, in pursuance of an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign " of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to prevent the " disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland in the Exercise of " their Religious Worship, and in the Use of the Li-<c turgy of the Church of England', and for repealing the

" Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled,

" An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages:"

Pr. 8. L. 16. To leave out " House," and insert " or " Congregation ;" and, after "not," to leave out " regillered," and to insert, " held and allowed, in pursu*

" ance of the said Act, made in the 10th Year of the " Reign of Queen Ame, or."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Van tteck*» the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Estate. Surry, held in Trull for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford; and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by Bonnet's this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of di- Ellale* vers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and Middlesex, entailed on the Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their re-

3 A versionary

18& Julii.

versionatry Inteteft In the said Eftat'es, efcpestant On the Death of their Father: And also,

MavalStorei. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act I o allow the Purchase, for his Majesty's Use, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships; and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and or either of

them; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Forty Members not being present, of which Notice was

taHePJ,

Mr. Speaker, without a Question put,

Adjobrned the House tHl Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurti, 16° die Julii;

Anno tto° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

I*R AYER S.

Van Neck's -A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. /l for the Exchange of an Estate in , in the County of Surry, held in Troll for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford; and . for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Tn)flees, to be applied to the like Uses; was read the First time.

- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Qualification An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Scotch more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Mifii-Mimfters. flers from officiating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons for resorting to any fleeting-House where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

In the Amendment to Prels 7. Linear. After "or," to insert " which IhjiUs" and, after " not," to insert " after the said First Day of September be registered :"

In the Amendment, P. L. After "or," to insert " which shall not, after the said First Day of September, " be registered."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer, and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Custom The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Laws 8gamftfor the further Punishment of Persons going armed or dllguised disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Ex-

Persons. cife; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws,

upon the Term* in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotland — . An ingrossed Bill for the more effectual disarming the securing the Highlands in that Part of Great Britain called Highland*/ an<^ *or the better securing the Peace and Quiet of that Part of the Kingdom; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, /or not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; 16

and for explaining an Act, made in the ill Year of the -Rfcigrt of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled,

An Act for the more effectual securing the Peace of the Highlands in Scotland; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill:

Press 15. Line 2. To leave out " Person," and to insert " Man or Boy:"

L. 9. To leave out " belted; and, after " Plad," to insert " Philibeg, or little Kilt:"

L. After " Garb," insert " and tlxat no " Tartan, or particoloured Plad or Stuff, shall be used " for Great Coats, or for Upper Coats."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually disarming the Highlands in Scotland-, and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkitifon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order made upon this Day Seven- Ways and night, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee Means, of the whole House, upon Friday Morning next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read: ,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 2° die Julii;

Anno 20# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Van Neck1* for the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the Ellate*-County of Surry, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford-, and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Talbot,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Dsnzil Onslow, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Mr.

Nesbit, Mr. Briflotv, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Young, Mr. Leveson, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Kent, Sir James Grant,

Mr. Metcalf, Mr. Finch, Mr. Plumer, Lord Coke, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Sydenham, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Laroche, Sir Thomas D-ury, Mr. Wynne, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Oswald, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. Knight, Mr. Montague, Mr. Wiikinson, Mr. Monson,

Sir William Yonge, Mr. Hales, Doctor Cotes, Colonel Fitz-roy, Mr. Craigie, General Onslow, Mr. Mr.

tie; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr.

1

2d Gec). II. 22° — ;23* — 31 183

Mr. Sixaker,

Admeasurt- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancafleradjoining thereto, and the several Pari fires of

St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and fuel) Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Hulbtrn, ashes in the County of , Middlesex, without any Amendment: And also, Carmichael* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Daniel Carmichael, of , or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Custom The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

rn^and^ Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, dii^uiwT An Act ferr the further Punishment of Persons going

Persona. armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Outturns

orExcise; and for indemnifying Offenders ag inst those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fol-

low; viz.

Press 18. Lines and c. Leave out* " passed in," and insert *' of

L. 5. Leave out " Twentieth," and insert Nineteenth."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lorddiips.

Carmichael* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. cna5|e Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldjley, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

wall, in the room of William War dour Esquire, de-ccaled.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Van Neck'a Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange E^ate,‘ of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Surry, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire> in the County of Hertford; and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses; is committed; have Leave to fit notwithstanding the Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the several Establishments, presented to Paper* to be the Hou fe upon the a8th Day of February last, be returned re, urned' to the War-Office.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order was read accordingly.

The other Order of the Day, for the House to resolve Way* itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider Mcafa*, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, was read.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Seven* night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

JovtSj 31° die Jttlii;

Anno so* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Praters.

ffR DERED, That the Committee, to whom the in- Van Neck'a grossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Eft»tea. the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Surry, held in Trust for charitableUlcs, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire, in the county of ;

and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses; is committed 5 be revived.

Ordered, That Ix>rd Dttpplin, Mr. Mr. Brifl

Hrw, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Craigie, be added to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 230 die Julii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Adjournment. TyESOLVED, That this House will at their Rising

A this Day, adjourn till Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Qualification The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by of Scotch ^is House to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually

Mum m. proj, jbjf an{| prevent Pastors or Ministers from offi-

ciating in Episcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves according to Law; and to punish Persons forreforting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pastors or Ministers shall officiate.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Fowcy Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Fowcj, in the County of Corn-

Vol. 45.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Carmichael'* to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldjley, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Craigie,

Mr. Harley, Sir William Yonge, Colonel Moftvn, Mr.

Talbott. Mr. Hooper, Lord Coke, Sir Miles Mr. Monson, Lord Galway, Mr. Gore, Lord Mr. Nugent, Mr. Legge, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. West, Mr. Mr.

Walker, Sir James Grant, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hales,

Mr. Crow/e, Mr. Frankland, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Trevor,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Onslow, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

Nesbit, l.ord Inchiquin, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Lyttelton,

Mr. Southwell, Colonel Norton, Mr. Browne, Lord Strange, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Broolfba Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Gafltry, L ord Deerhurst, Mr. Humphry,

and all the Members who serve for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed on the said Bill, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Member* House, do go with the Mace into the Court of Requests, fa"100

and

184 3 ie Jiilii. — 5* — 6* — 8 1746,

and Places adjacent, and summon the Members there to attend the'Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

.A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants;

After some Debate, the said Motion was withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50;

Anno 20° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Van Neck's "]V/T R- Talbotreported from the Committee, to whom Estates. J;VjL the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Surry, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford; and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses; was committed; That ' the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Carmichael's Mr. Craigie reported from the Committee, to whom fcflate. the ingrossed Bill from the Lords,-intituled, An Act to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldfley, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled , was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

House in- Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted the House, forn>«l of the That he was commanded by his Majesty to acquaint this Apprehen- House, That his Majesty having had just Reason to appre-Member hend Sir}M« Douglas Baronet, a Member of this House, for High Treason, hath caused him to be apprehended; and desires the Consent of this House to his being committed and detained for High Treason, according to an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, that he will be pleased to give Order for committing and detaining Sir John Douglas Baronet, a Member of this House, pursuant to the Act of this Session of Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Van Neck's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for the Exchange of an Estate in , in the County of Surry, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Van Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford; and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

dered, That Mr. Talbot do> carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° dieA;

Anno ao' Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Praters.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Sennet and Mr. Thursion:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out SmkingFuud. of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies.granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity-Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotland; for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scot- securing iha land; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the

Highland Dress; and for.indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; with some Amend-, ments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 8° die Augujli \

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

0RDERED, That the Muller-Rolls of the several paper8 so be Regiments, Troops, and Companies, of his Majesty's returned. Land Forces, which were presented to this House upon the 17th Day'of February last; and the Muster-Rolls of several of his Majesty's Troops of Horse Guards, which were presented to this House upon the 19th Day of February last; be returned to the Office of the Commissary-General of the Musters.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Carmichael'* to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldfley, or the succeed- Ettatcv ing Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of nark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dp ptifs.

Ordered, That Sir John Gordon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Scotland; Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Securing the An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland,

for

20 Geo. II. 8° Augufli, 185

for not. performing the Nprthern Circuit in One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 15. Line 29. Before " And whereas," add

Clause ^A):

Clause (A) " And whereas, by an Act, made in this " Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to indemnify " such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's " Person and Government, and for the Preservation of " the publick Peace of this Kingdom, during the Time of the present unnatural Rebellion, and Sheriffs, and " others, who have suffered Klcapcs occasioned thereby, from vexatious Suits and Prol'ecutions, it is " enacted, That all personal Actions and Suits, Indisttnents, Informations, and all Molcflations, Profocutions, and Proceedings whatsoever, and Judgments " thereupon, if any be, for or by Rcnfon of any Matter or Thing advised, commanded, appointed, or " done, during the Rebellion, until the Thirtieth Day " of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven " hundred and Forty-six, in order to suppress the said " unnatural Rebellion, or for the Preservation of the publick Peace, or for the Service or Safety of the Governmenf, shall be dil'charged, and made void: And whereas it is also reasonable, That Acts done for the " publick Service since the said Thirtieth D ry of April,

44 though not justifiable by the drift Forms of Law,

" should be ju'titicd by Act of Parliament; Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all personal " Actions and Suits, Indictments and Informations,

" which have been cr shall be commenced or prosecuted,

" and all Molcttations, Prosecutions, and Proceedings,

" whatsoever, and Judgments thereupon, if any be,

44 for or by reason of a.iv Act, Matter, or Thing, advil'cd, commanded, appointed, or done, before the 44 I wenty-fifth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, in order to suppress the said unnatural Rebellion, or for the Preservation of the publick Peace, or for the Safety or Service of the Government, shall be discharged, and nude void; and that every Perfoq by whom any such Act, Matter, or Thing, shall have been so advised,

44 commanded, appointed, or done, for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them* before the said Five-and twentieth Day of July, shall be freed, acquitted, and indemnified, as well against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as against all and every other " Person and Persons: And that if any Action or Suit hath been, or shall be, commenced, or prosecuted,

44 within that Part of Great Britain called England, 44 against any Person, for any such Act, Matter, or " Thing, so advised, commanded, appointed, or done,

44 for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, before " the said Twenty-fifth Day of July, he or she may plead the General Issue; and give this Act, and the Special Matter, in Evidence: And if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or forbear further Pro- fecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pals " against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or " Defendants shall recover his, her, or their, Double " Colts; for which he, she, or they, shall have the like " Remedy as in Cafes where Colts by Law are given to Defendants: And if such Action or Suit hath been, 44 nr shall be, commenced or prosecuted in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Court before who.m 44 such Action or Suit hath been, or shall be, commenced or prosecuted, shall allow to the Defender the Benefit of the Discharge and Indemnity above provided; and shall further decern the Pursuer to pay to the Defender " the full and real Expences that he or fhc shall be put to by such Action or Suit:"

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses (B) and (C): Clause (B) 44 And whereas it is of great Importance to prevent the rising Generation being educated in difaf- fefted or rebellious Principles; and although sufficient VOL. 25.

44 Provision is already made by Law for the due Regula- Scotland-

44 tion of the Teachers iti the Four Universities, and in p^e'of the the publick Schools authorized by Law, in the Royal Highlands,

44 Burghs and Country Parishes in Scotland-, it is further necessary, That all Persons, who take upon them to officiate as Matters or Tcachers in privateSchools in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should give Evi- dence of their good Afflftion to his Majesty's Person and Government; Be it therefore Enacted, by the Authorny aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of " November in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven

44 hundred and Forty-six, it shall not be lawful for any Person in Scotland to keep a private School for teach- ing English, Eatin, Greek, or any Part of Literature,

44 or to officiate as a Matter or Teacher in such School,

44 or any School for Literature, other than those in the Universities, or established in the respective Royal " Burghs, by publick Authority, or the parochial Schools settled according to Law, or the Schools maih- tained by the Society in Scotland for propagating Chris- tian Knowledge, or by the General Assemblies of the Church of Scotland, or Committees thereof, upon the Bounty granted by his Majesty, until the Situation and Description of such private School be first entered and registered in a Book, which shall be provided and kept for that Purpose, by the Clerks of the several Shires,

44 Stewartries, and Burghs, in Scotland, together with a 44 Certificate from the proper Officer, of every such <4 Matter and Teacher having qualified himself, by taking the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices of publick Trust in Scotland: And every such Matter and Teacher of a private School shall be obliged, and is hereby required, as often as Prayers shall be said in such School, to pray, or cause l4 to be prayed for, in express Words, his Majesty, his " Heirs and Successors, by Name, and for all the Royal Family: And if any Person shall, from and after the said First Day of November, presume to enter upon,

44 or exercise tiic Funftion or Office of a Matter or Teacher of any such private School, as shall not have been registered in manner herein directed, or without having first: qualified himself, and caused the Certificate to be registered, as above-mentioned; or in case he " shall neglect to pray for his Majesty by Name, and all the Royal Family, or to cause them to be prayed for, as herein directed, or in case he shall retort to or attend Divine Worship in any Episcopal Meeting-house not allowed by the Law; every Person so offending in any of the Premises, being thereof lawfully convicted,

44 before any Two or more of the Justices of Peace, or before any other Judge competent of the Place, sum- marily, shall, for the First Offence, suffer Imprison- ment for the Space of Six Months; and for the " Second, or any subsequent Offence, beini* thereof lawfully convicted, before the Court of Justi- ciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, shall be adjudged to be transported; and accordingly shall be transported to some of His Majesty's Plantations " in America for Life; and in case any Person adjudged to be so transported, shall return into, or be found in Great Britain, then every such Person shall suffer Imprisonment for Life: And be it further " Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Parent or Guardian shall put a Child or Children under his Care to any Private School that shall not be rc- giftered according to the Directions of this Act, or whereof the principal Matter or Teacher shall not have registered the Certificate of his having qualified himself as herein directed, every such Parent or Guardian so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, before any Two or more Justices of Peace, or before any " other Judge competent of the Place, summarily,

" shall, for the First Offence, be liable to suffer impri- fonment by the Space of Three Months; and for the Second, or any subsequent Offence, being thereof law*

44 fully convicted, before the Court of Justiciary, or in

3 B "any

Scotland — Securing the Peace of the Highlands.

186 8® — n° 1746.

<c any of the Circuit Courts, shall suffer Imprisonment " for the Space of Two Years, from the Date of such " Conviction:"

Clause (C) " And whereas, by an Act, passed in the " Parliament of Scotland in the Year of our Lord One " thousand Six hundred Ninety-three, all Chaplains in u Families, and Governors and Teachers of Children and Youth, were obliged to take the Oaths of Allegiance and Afl'urance therein directed; and there may " be some Doubts whether by the Laws as they (land at " present, they are obliged to take all the Oaths appointed tobctakenby Persons in Officesofpublick Trust " in Scotland; Therefore, Be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of " November in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, no Person shallexercise the " Employment, Funftion, or Service, of a Chaplain in any Family in that Part of Great Britain called " or of a Governor, Tutor, or Teacher, of any Child, " Children, or Youth, residing in or in Parts

" beyond the Seas, without first qualifyinghimself, by tak-u ing the Oaths appointed by Law to be taken by Persons " in Offices of publick Trust, and causing a Certificate of his having done so to be entered or registered in a " Book, to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerks of " the Shires, Stewartries, or Butghs, in , where

" such Person shall residei or in case of any such Governor. Tutor, or Teacher, of any such Child, Children, or Youth, acting in Parts beyond the Seas, then in a " Book, to be kept for that Purpose, by the Clerk of the " Shire, Stewartry, or Burgh, where the Parent or Guardian " of such Child, Children, or Youth, shall reside: And " if any Person, from and after the said First Day of " November, shall presume to exercise the Employment, " Funftion, or Service, of Chaplain, in any Family in " Scotland, or of a Governor or Teacher of Children or " Youth, as aforesaid, without having taken the said " Oaths, and caused the Certificate of his having duly " taken the fame, to be registered, as is above directed, " every Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, before any Two or more Justices of Peace, or " before any other Judge competent of the Place, sum-maiily, shall, for the FirstOffence, suffer Imprisonment by the Space of Six Months; and for the Second, or " any subsequent Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted, before the Court of Judiciary, or in any of " the Circuit Courts, shall be adjudged to be banished 41 from Great Britain, for the Space of Seven Years; " Provided always, That it shall be lawful for every Chaplain, Schoolmaster, Governor, Tutor, or Teacher " of Youth, who is of the Communion of the Church " of Scotland, instead of the Oath of Abjuration, appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices, Civil " or Military, to take the Oath directed to be taken by Preachers and Expectants in Divinity of the established Church of Scotland, by an Act, passed in the " Fifth Year of the Reign of King George the First, " intituled, An Act for making more effectual the Laws " appointing the Oaths for Security of the Government, " to be taken by Ministers and Preachers in Churches " and Meeting-houses in Scotland, and a Certificate of " his having taken that Oath, shall, to all Intents and " Purposes, be as valid and effectual as the Certificate of his having taken the Oath of Abjuration above-mentioned; and he shall be as much deemed to have qualifted himself according to Law, as if he had taken the Abjuration appointed to be taken by Persons in " Civil Offices: And be it further Enacted, That from " and after the said First Day of November, no Person, " within Scotland, shall keep or entertain any Person as " Chaplain, in any Family, or as Governor, Tutor, or Teacher, of any Guild, Children, or Youth, unless " the Certificate of such Person's having taken the Oaths " to his Majesty be duly registered, in manner above " directed; and if any Person thall keep or entertain a " Chaplain in his Family, or a Governor, Tutor, or

*5

" Teacher, of any Child, Children, or Youth, under his " Care, without the Certificate of such Chaplain, Governor, Tutor, or Teacher's, having respectively qualified " himself, by taking the Oaths to his Majesty, being duly " registered, in manner above mentioned, every such " Person so offending, being thereof lawfully convicted, " before any Two or more of his Majesty's Justices of " Peace, or before any other Judge competent, shall, for " the First Offence, suffer Imprisonment by the Space of " Six Months; and for the Second, or any subsequent " Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted, before the " Court of Justiciary, or in any of the Circuit Courts, " in Scotland, shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of " Two Years: And for the better preventing any private " Schools from being held or maintained, or any Chaplain " in any Family, or any Governor, Tutor, or Teacher, " of any Children or Youth, from being employed or " entertained, contrary to the Directions of this Act; " Be it further Enacted, That the Sheriffs of Shires, " and Stewards of Stewartries, and Magistrates of Burghs, " in Scotland, shall be obliged, and are hereby required, " from time to time, to make diligent Enquiry, within, " their respective Jurisdictions, concerning any Offences " that shall be committed against this Act; and caufothe " fame, being the First Offence, to be prosecuted before " themselves; and in case of a Second or subsequent Ofo " fence, to give Notice thereof, and of the Evidence foe " proving the fame, to his Majesty's Advocate for the " Time being, who is hereby required to prosecute such " Second or subsequent Offences before the Court of " Judiciary, or at the Circuit Courts

In the Title of the Bill, Line 6. After " Dress," infort " and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted " in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, " during the unnatural Rebellion

At the End of the Title, add " and for obliging the " Matters and Teachers of private Schools in,

" and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors, of Children " or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs " or Successors, and to register the fame."

The First of the said Amendments, being an ingroJTed Clause, marked (A), was read a Second and Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Houfo.

The Second and Third of the said Amendments, being ingrossed Clauses, marked (B and C), were read a Second and Third time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendments to the Title of the Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, li# Augusti;

Anno 2oa Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chichester, in the County of Suf-Jex, in the room of the Honourable James Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Muster-Rolls of his Majesty's Ma- Papers t® rine Regiments, which were presented to this Houfo -re, limed-upon the 17th Day of February last, be returned to the Office of the Commissary-General of his Majesty's Marine Regiments.

Ordered,

Carmichael*

-fclUic.

Royil A (Tent to Bills.

20 Geo. II.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill, from the Lord?, intituled, An Act to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldjley, or the succeeding

Heirs of Entail, to tell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be loid is settled; and that he do acquaint their Lordships, That this House hath agreed to the said Bill, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisj i 2° die Augiifii \

Anno 20* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from his Majesty, by Sir

Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman-Ulherof the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peer*.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and also for enabling his Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates x>f Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizuies:

An Act more effectually to prohibit and prevent Pallors or Ministers from officiating in Kpilcopal Meeting-houses in Scotland, without duly qualifying themselves accord-

ing to Law; and to punish Persons for relorting to any Meeting-houses where such unqualified Pallors or Ministers shall officiate:

An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace

of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Uleof the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing thcNorthern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six; and for obliging the Mailers and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors, of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the same:

An Act to allow the Purchase, for his Majesty's Ule, of Naval Stores brought into this Kingdom, on board Neutral Ships, by any of his Majesty's Ships; and to allow such Stores to be landed and entered during the Continuance of the present Wars with France and or either of them:

An Act to regulate Insurance on Ships belonging to the Subjects ol Great Britain; and on Merchandizes or Effects laden therein:

An Act for amending the Laws relating to Bankrupts: An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within Vol. 25.

the City and Liberty of Westm, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew , as lies

in the County of Middlesex:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices, Employments, and Promotions, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act to enable George Earl of and Sir

William Yonge Baronet, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, to take, in Great Britain, the Oarh of Office as Vice- I reafurerand Receiver-General and Pay-master-General of all his Majesty's Revenues in the Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves for the Enjoyment of the said Offices:

An Act to enable Sir William Duckinfield Daniel Baronet, to take and use the Surname, and bear the Arms, of Daniel, pursuant to the Will of Sir Samuel Daniel Knight, deceased:

An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Suffolk and entailed on the

Daughters of Thomas Bennet Esquire, in order to raise a Sum of Money, in present, for their Portions, as an Equivalent for their Reversionary interest in the said Estates, expeflant on the Death of their Father:

An Act for the Exchange of an Estate in Putney, in the County of Surrey, held in Trust for charitable Uses, for another Estate of Gerard Fan Neck Esquire, in the County of Hertford; and for Payment of a Sum of Money to the Trustees, to be applied to the like Uses:

An Act to enable Daniel Carmichael, of Mauldsley, or the succeeding Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Lanark and Fife, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate to be sold is settled.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most

fracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of 'arliament, as followeth; viz.

The King* Speech.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot put an End to this Session of Parliament, without expressing to you my entire Satisfaction in your Proceedings. The Zeal and Vigour which you have so unanimously shewn for the Support of my Government, for suppressing the late Rebellion, and for bringing the Guilty to Justice, in which you have been so universally seconded by my good Subjects, have not only fully answered my Expectations, but give Me the best AtTurance, that you are determined to perfect this good Work, by settling our Tranquillity at home upon (olid Foundations, and extinguishing the Hopes of the Pretender, and all his Adherents.

The Powers which you thought fit to repose in Me on this Occasion, have been employed in the most proper and effectual Manner, and made strictly subservient to those Purposes only for which you intended them: And it has pleased the Divine Providence, in a most signal Manner, to bids the Measuries we have taken with Success. I am very sensible there are Matters of great Moment still behind, which are necessary for our lading Security, and preventing the like Calamities for the future: But as a Foundation is prudently laid for your proceeding upon them in the next Session, I was unwilling to detain you longer out of your respective Countries at this advanced Season of the Year.

I have the Sat'sfaflion to acquaint you, that the Posture of Affairs abroad appears more favourable than when I last spoke to you. As soon as the Safety of my own Kingdoms would permit, I sent such a Body of Troops as could be spared from hence to (Lengthen the allied Army in the Netherlands, for the Defence of the United Provinces, and opposing the further Progress of France on that Side. By means of this Succour, and the other powerful Aflistances which you have enabled Me to furnish, that Army has been very considerably augmented, and is become much stronger than was expected at the Beginning of the Year.

188 12° August, — ^o° Septembris. A. 1746.

This Event, together, with the happy Succefies of the Avf-trian and Sardinian Armies in Italy, and tome other Incidents which have happened, to the Advantage of the common Cause, give us a better Prospect of bringing our Enemies to Reason, and procuring a safe and honourable Peace; which is my great End and Aim.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The great Readiness and Chearfulness with which you have granted Me the Supplies for the current Year, require my particular Thanks. I am very sensible of the extraordinary Difficulties which the Circumstances of the Times brought upon this important Service, and upon the publick Credit in general; and which nothing but your Prudence and Firmncls could have overcome. What you have given shall be strictly applied to the Purposes intended: And you cannot bijt have observed my Desire to leti'en the publick Expence, as far as possible, by taking the first Opportunity to disband those Regiments which the laudable and act ive Zeal of several of my faithful Subjects, of the First Rank and Distinction, had added to our Strength on this Occasion.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have had such ample Experience of your unshaken Fidelity, and of your Affection and Attachment to Me

and my Family, that I rely, with the utmost Confidence, on your future Conduct. 1 cannot doubt, that during this Recess, you will, in your several Stations, use your utmost Endeavours to restore and preserve the Peace of the Kingdom; to heal the Wounds which this unnatural Rebellion may have made; and to encourage and cultivate in my Subjects that Spirit of Loyalty, and of Zeal for the present Establishment, which has so remarkably appeared. The Impressions of it shall ever remain upon my Mind, and be demonstrated by the Continuance of my Vigilance and Endeavours to make them a happy People.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Royal-Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued to the 30th Day of

September next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to Tuesday the 30th Day of September next.

Parliament

prorogued.

Mart is, 30° die Seftembris;

Anno io" Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Parliament fT'HE House being met, pursuant to the last Proro-further A gation; prorogued. a Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir William Saunderson, Deputy Gendeman-U(her of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further proroguing of the Parliament until Tuesday the 18 th Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 18 th Day of November next.

Mefl&ge to arrcnd the King.

Members lake Oaths.

Oandeftii'e

Outlawries.

The King's

Speech

reported.

[ *89 ]

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of C O M M O N S.

SdT. 1746 — 7.

Martts, 18° die;

Anno 20* Georgii 1I4‘ Regis, 1746.

AM ESS A G E from his Majesty, by Sir William Saundei/on, Deputy Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which Mr. Speaker said he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as follow-cth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have called you together as early as the late Conclu-fion of the last Session of Parliament, and the Situation of publick Affairs, would permit. During this Recess, I have been particularly attentive to extinguish any Remains of the late Rebellion, and to re-establish and secure our Tranquillity at home, so far as depended upon me. The rest I have reason to expect from your Zeal, and prudent Deliberations; of which the Foundation already laid gives me well-grounded Hopes.

In the mean time, the State of the War abroad has received a considerable Alteration. Though France has made some further Progress in the Netherlands, yet the United Provinces, whose interests are so ftriCUy connected with ours, have been preserved from that Danger which threatened them at the Opening of the Campaign, and a considerable Army remains there for their Defence. It has pleated God to bless the Arms of my good Allies the Empress Queen of Hungary, and the King of Sardinia, with signal success in Italy. The Acquisitions made there by our Enemies, have been recovered from them; their Forces broken, and almost ruined, have been obliged to evacuate that Country; and an Irruption is now actually making into France; whereby the Distresses of Vol. 25.

that Kingdom must be greatly increased, and a proportionable Diversion made in Favour of the Low Countries.

1 have often assured you, that my foie Aim in carrying on this just and necessary War, is a safe and honourable Peace. In this View, I have shewed a sincere Disposition towards a general Pacification. 1 have consented to the Holding of Conferences at Breda, in order to try whether our Enemies will, in the Event, agree to fitch Terms and Conditions as may be consistent with the Honour of my Crown, the Security and true Interests of my Kingdoms, and my Engagements to my Allies; whom it is my firm Resolution not to abandon.

But whilst we are treating of Peace, Reason and good Policy demand that we should be prepared for War. I am therefore actually concerting with my Allies the proper Measures for vigorously pursuing the War in another Campaign, in case the.Obstinacy of our Enemies should render it necessary. My desire is to adjust these Measures as speedily as possible; that our Preparations may be early; that the Confederate Army in the Netherlands may be augmented in time; and the Operations on the Side of Italy carried on with Effect. It shall also be my particular Care to exert our Strength at Sea, in the most effectual manner, for the Defence of my Kingdoms and Possessions, the Protection of the Trade of my Subjects, and the Annoyance of our Enemies.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the ensuing Year to be prepared, and laid before you: And desire you to grant me such Supplies as shall be requisite for your own Security, and for carrying on such Measures as it shall be ne-ccssary for Great Britain to pursue, in the present important Conjuncture.

It gives me much Concern to be obliged at the same time to acquaint you, that by reason of the unavoidable Accidents and Consequences of War, the Funds appropriated for the Support of my Civil Government, have, for some Years part, fallen greatly short of the Revenue intended and granted by Parliament: I therefore rely on your known Affection to me to find out some Method to make good this Deficiency.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Nothing is so valuable and essential to me as your vigorous Support: On this I depend; and I trust you will demonstrate it by the Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch, of your Proceedings.

Resolved, Nemine contra die eute, That an humble Ad- Address on dress be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the King'* the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech Speech, from the Throne; to allure his Majesty, That we are truly sensible of his particular Attention to the extinguishing the Remains of the late Rebellion; and that we will not

3 C . fail

190 18° Novembtis. . 1746.

fail on our Parts to answer his just Expectations, by faking all such further Measures as shall appear conducive to re-establish, upon a lifting Foundation, the Security and Tranquillity of his Majesty's Government; so* cofJgra-tulate his Majesty upon the Succefi his Alliete iii and to expressour Approbation 6f ttic Measures they are jointly puifuing so improve if, by the Irrup'tion" now actually making into France; and our Hopes, that by the happy Consequences of this Operation, the Distrefifcs of our Enemies may be so increased, and such Advaif-tages gained over them, as may balance, in a great measure, the L>fles sustained in the other Part of the Continent: to acknowledge his IVtajeny's gfeat Carey ancf paternal Tendernels for his People, expressed in the En-: deavours he is using to procure a general Pacification; and at the same time to allure his Majesty, That his faithful Commons will grant him such timely and adequate Supplies, as may, together with the hearty Concurrence, and united Efforts of his Allies, enable his Majesty either to carry on the War, in the most effectual manner, both by Sea and Land, or to obtain such a Peace as may be confident with the Honour of his Crown, his Engagements to his Allies, and the true Interests of his People; to assure his Majesty, That we will take into Confederation, and make good, whatever Deficiencies shall appear to us to have Arisen in the Funds appropriated for the Support of his Majesty's Civil Government; and that in this, and all other Matters recommended to us, we will proceed with that Zeal, Dispatch, and Unanimity, as shall manifest to the World our dutiful Attachment to his Majesty's Person and Government, and our constant Attention to the Welfare and Prosperity of his Kingdoms.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty upon the said Kesolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Campbell of

Pembrokefh'&e, Mr. Hawkins Mr. Cary, Mr.

Arundeti, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Sir

Thomas Bootle, Mr. Attorney-General, Kir. Brookjbank, Mr. Jeffrey*, Mr. Leveson , Mr. Horatio

pole, Sir Richard Corbett, Colonel Mr. Hampden, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Onslow, Lord Mr.

dington, Mr. Fox, Mf. Mellish; or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr' Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Habea* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Corpus the further continuing an Act, made in the last Session Sutpcnsion. parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Peffons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the r3+.

Tellers for the Noes,) 35-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

ing next, rtlblve itself into a Committee of she whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ofdtred, That Mf. Speaker tlo issue his Warrant to Petersfield thft Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Wtir, for the W«t. Electing of a BurgelS to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Francis Fane Esquire; who, fines his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the OffiCe of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Downton thfe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the " nt* Electing of a Burgess to serve in tfcis present Parliament fof the Borough of Downton, 'in the County of Wilts, in the room of Joseph Windham Ashe Esquire, deceasdd.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Carlisle Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Carlijlei in the room of John Hylton Esquire, deceased.

Ordered That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Heydon

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "rnt-

the Electing of a Burgess to serve ih this present Parliament for the Borough of Hey don, in the County of , in the room of the Honourable George Berkeley Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of the Right Honourable Thomas Hay Esquire, commonly called Lord V'ifcount Dupplin; who, finee his Election for she said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to r01j Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Ross, in the room of the Honourable Charles Ross Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Banbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford, in the room of William Moore Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rochester the Clerk, of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ,

the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Rochester, in the room of Haddock Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Warwick the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ-the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Warwick, in the room of the Honourable Edward Digby Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Berk* Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Berks, in the room of Winchcombe Howard Packer Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

20 Geo. II.

Mercurii) 190 die Novetnbris;

Anno 20* Georgii II- Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Gram! ORDERED, Tkat the Grand Committee for Religion

Committee*. do fit pvery Tuesdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do lit every Thursday in tire Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do tit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the Houfi.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do lit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the ilonfe.

Committeiof Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections

i'ji-ilcges, be appointed:

&c* And a Committee was appointed of Dr. , Sir John

Strange, Mr. West, Mr. Gray, General , Mr.

Sydenham, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Hooper, Sir James Grant, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Pol hill, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Trevor, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Kent, Sir Henry -Jhatl, Mr. Pop ham, Mr. Campbell, Mr. , Mr.

IVynne, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Mr. Browne, Sir

Franch Poole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Brafley, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Plamer :And they are to meet upon this Day Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Alonday, and day, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or mav come in question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the first place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And ail Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and lo within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make (heir Kleifl ion by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Usual Order*. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House wiil order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

ReJ'olved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

ReJ'olved, That if it shall appear, That any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the ut-most Severity against such Offender.

VOL. 25.

191

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given falle Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Cleric, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is litting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, to take care, that, from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar and Westmirifler-hall shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting to take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders in Westminster-haJl, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminster-, and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Membtrs of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by the Special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Loling of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster-General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least immediately after the Riling of the House; and also on every Friday, Alonday, and Wednesday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed

19* Novembris*

i^-

i$2 i o° — 10° N . 1746.

Usual Orders, for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members lending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post-maller-General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perilled by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person.but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for private Bills after the Seventeenth Day of February next.

Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted Ele<ftions for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Bar of this House, of before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, or by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Address on Mr. Campbell of Pem reported from the Com-the King's mittee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be peech. presented to fils Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return our humble Thanks for Your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We are truly sensible of Your Majesty's particular Attention to extinguish the Remains of the late Rebellion: And we beg Leave to allure Your Majesty, That we will not fail, on our Parts, to answer Your just Expectations, by taking all such further Measures as shall appear conducive to re-establish, upon a lading Foundation, the Security and Tranquillity of Your Majesty's Government.

We most heartily congratulate Your Majesty upon the signal Success with which it has pleased God to blels the Arms of Your Allies in The wile and vigorous

Measures they are jointly purluing to improve it, by the Irruption now actually making into France, give us just Ground, to hope, that by the happy Consequence of chat *5

Operation, the DistrelTes of our Enemies may be so increased, and such Advantages gained over them, as may balance, in a great measure, the Losses sustained in the other Part of the Continent.

We acknowledge, with the deepest Sense of Gratitude,

Your Majesty's great Care, and paternal Tendernels, for Your People, expressed in Your Majesty's Endeavours to procure a general Pacification: And we do, at the same time, with the greatest Duty and Affection, allure Your Majesty, That Your faithful Commons will-grant such timely and adequate Supplies, as may, with the hearty Concurrence, and united Efforts, of Your Allies, enable Your Majesty, either to cany on the War in the most effectual manner, both by Sea and Land, or to obtain such a Peace as may be consistent with the Honour of Your Crown, Your Engagements to Your Allies, and the true interest of Your People.

We do humbly alfure Your Majesty, That wc will take into our Confederation, and make good, whatever Deficiencies shall appear to us to have arisen in the Funds appropriated for the Support of Your Majesty's Civil Government: And in this, and all other Matters recommended to us by Your Majesty, we will proceed, with that Zeal, Dispatch, and Unanimity, as shall manifest to the World our dutiful Attachment to Your Majesty's Person and Government, and our constant Attention to the Welfare and Prosperity of Your Kingdoms.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemitie contrudicente, That t he House do agree

with the Committee in the said Address, to be presented to his Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to The King* both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Speech to be Tomorrow Morning. confitiered.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 20° die Novembris;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

P R AY E k s.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Time ap- Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to pointed for the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had r been pleased to appoint this Day, at Halfan Hour after One of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of St. James.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into The King'* Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech from Speech the Throne to both Houses of Parliament, be now read: confiticre^-And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take his Majesty's laid most gracious Speech into Consideration.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve its-lf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Habeas to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Corpu* upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Suspension. Act for the further continuing an Act, made in the last Sdlion of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty

Anfiver to Aiki/cft.

Habm

Corpus

Sufpcofion.

20 Geo. II.

20° — 2i* Novembris.

*93

}*5-

Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government;

And the Question being put that Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rMr. Campbell of Paw-

Tellers for the Yeas,] brok

t Mr.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Attorney-General reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be now read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlm for the }

Teller, for the ] ,t.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was accordingly read the Third time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the Bill do pals.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till this Afternoon, Two of the Clock.

Poji Meri.

MR. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty with their Adclrefs: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Thank you for this dutiful and affectionate Add rest. The Firmnefr you shew on this Occasion will, 1 doubt not, produce good Efforts.

Whatever Provision you shall find necessary in the present Exigencies, you may depend on my employing for the Welfare of my Kingdoms, and the Prosperity of my People.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Question this Day proposed. That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the further continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against hi> Person and Government, do pal's.

And the Question being put. That the Bill do pass; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Lord Marquis of Har{- \

Tellers for the Yeas,] ington,<143.

*Mr. Ytrke3

Tellers for the \ 34.

£Mr. 1 ere Powlett: \

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill

V$L. 25.

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 21* die Novembris;

Anno so* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That (bme of the Accounts of Commissioners of the Customs attended at the

Door- prohibited

moot. Good*, ftc.

They were called in s and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of prohibited East India Goods that remain in the East India Company's Warehouse at St.

Hellens, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1745 $ also what brought in since; what exported; and what remained at Michaelmas 1746: And also.

An Account of prohibited East-Ind Goods remain-

ing in the East India Warehouses at Ludenhall, church-street, and Steel Yard, in the Port of , at Michaelmas 1745; what brought in since} what exported; as all'o what remained at Michaelmas 1746:

And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London* at Michaelmas 1745; what brought in since; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 17461 And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the rel'pective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1745; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1746: And also.

An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St. Hellens, Fenchurch-street, Leadenhall-street, and Custom-house, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1745, in order to be dyed, glazed, tec. what have been returned; and what remained* out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1746: And also.

An Account of Naval Stores imported from RuJJin into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1745 to Michaelmas 1746: And also,

An Account of Naval Stores imported into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1745 to Michaelmas 1746.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had

come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Sounder- Royal Assent (on. Deputy Gentkman-Usher of the Black Rod: w a Bill.

Z D Mr.

Supply.

Addrtfg for usual Efti-Biates,

194 210 — 1^ — 25° Novembris. 1746.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was plea fed to give the Royal A (Tent to One publick Bill; viz.

An Act for the further continuing an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to impower his Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as his Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against his Person and Government.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 40 die

Anno 20° Georgii IIHi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

MR. West, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be ranted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had ircdVed him to report to the House; which he read in Kis Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nomine coniradicente. That the House doth 'agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1747, with the Half pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards and Garrisons, and other Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1747, be.laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1747, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1747, be laid before this House.

Ordered, 'I hat an Estimate be laid before this House of the Charge of the Out-pensioners Hospital,

for the Year 1747.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1746, have been dilpoied of, distinguished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years, ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of or for the Excel's or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South-Sea Fund; as also, of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of the Produce of the several Duties and Revenues applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government

(over and above all annual, weekly, and other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants made by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors) for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his. Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 25° die Novembris;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. Praters.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.'

A Petition of Henry Earl of Uxbridge, Lord of the Manor of Iver, in the County of Bucks', and of Aigerkoon Lord Percy, commonly called Earl of Hartford-, pher Tower, Thomas Toiver, George , John Needham, Esquires; and of the several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; being Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the said Manor of Iver, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner the said Henry Earl of Uxbridge, as Lord of the said Manor of Iver, is seised of several large Wastes or Commons within the said Manor, in which many of the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, are intitled to a Right of Common; and that he is also, by virtue of several ancient Grants from the Crown, intitled to free Warren in the said Manor; and the feme hath been immemorially enjoyed by him, and his Ancestors, Lords of the said Manor; by virtue whereof, large Quantities of Conies are and have been kept and bred on the Waste or Common called Iver Heath or Iver Common, to the great Benefit of the Lord, but to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners, the taid Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the said Manor: That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 6th Day of August 1746, mentioned to be made between the Petitioner the said Henry Earl of Uxbridge, of the one Pai t, and the several Persons, whose Names and Seals are thereunto set and subscribed, being Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the said Manor of Iver, of the other Part; it was covenanted and agreed. That it should bo lawful for the said Petitioner the Earl of Uxbridge, hia Heirs and Assigns, when he or they should think proper, to take, inclose, and fence in, for his and their owa foie, separate, and proper Use, and Benefit, such Part or Parcel of the said Common or Waste Lands called Heath or Iver Common, within the Parish of Iver aforesaid, as is therein mentioned; but reserving, nevertheless, to the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, out of the said Waste Lands, proper and convenient Roads, Ways, and Passages, to'and for the said Land-Owners, and their Tenants, to pass and rcpals with all Sorts of Carriages to and from their several Estates and Lands adjoining to the said Waste or Common; and to hold, possess, and enjoy, the feme, fu inclosed and fenced in, for his and their teparate Use and Benefit, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all Right of Common, Right of Herbage, Depasturage, and of and from all

Estates,

Answrer to AridreK for E Hi mates, ic.

Iver

laclosure*

Privilege.

Ditto.

Forrij^n Protf (la ntsf Narf

2o Geo. IL 250 — 26° — 27® 195

Inflates, Right, Title, and Interest, whatsoever, which they the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of 1 he laid Manor had, or ought to have, therein, by Means of Their Estates or Tenures in the said Manor of; and also that the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the said Manor, would, at any time thereafter, at the Request, Cods, and Charges, of the said Earl,

Erant, release, extinguish, and convey, to him the afore-lid Parcel of Land, freed and discharged as aforesaid, by such Deeds and Insurancesas the Counsel of the said Earl should advile: And the Petitioner the said Earl of Uxbridge did thereby covenant and agree to and with the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, in Confederation of having, holding, and enjoying, the said Parcel of Waste Lands in severalty, as aforesaid, to kill and destroy, or cause or procure to be killed or destroyed, all the Conies then being u|>on all the Waste Lands of the said Manor of Iver; and also would, at any time thereafter, upon Request to him made, make and execute any Act or Acts, or Afl'urances in the Law, for extinguishing his Right, to keep, make, or continue, any. "Warren or Warrens for Conies, upon any Part of the Lid Waste Lands in lver aforesaid; and also that he would, upon the 25th Day of March then next ensuing, pay or cause to be paid, unto such Person or Persons as the said Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the £iid Manor, or the major Part of them, should, for that Purpose, nominate and appoint, the Sum of £.400 to be applied for the Benefit of the said Land Owners and Tenants of the said Manor of Iver, in such manner as by them should be thought most proper: But that although the executing the Proposal and Agreement mentioned and contained in the faij Articles, would be a manifest Advantage to the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the said Manor of Iver, and tend to the Improvement of the several Estates and Properties in the said Manor; yet the same cannot be established, and rendered effectual, to answer the Purposes thereby intended, without the Aid and Authority of an A & of Parliament: And therefore raying the House to give I^eave, that a Bill may be rought in for confirming the said Articles and Agreement, and rendering the same effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hampden and Dr. Lee do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Mills, a Bailiff, did, fume time within Three Weeks before the First Day of this Session of Parliament, arrest Roderick Martin, a menial Servant of Normand Mr Esquire, a Member of this House, in an Action, in which Normand M Leod Mariner, is Plaintiff, and Hugh Frafer is Attorney for the Plaintiff.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to the House of an Advertisement, publiftied in a printed Newspaper, intituled. The Daily Advertiser, Numb. 4,916, dated No-

vember 22, 1746; and purporting to be printed by Matthew Jenottr, over-against the Back-gate of St. Sepulchre's

Church, in Pye-corner, near IVcJi Smithfield j

The said printed Newspaper was brought up to the Table:

And the said Advertisement was read.

Ordered, That the said Matthew do attend this

House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Master of Coffee-house, in

Holbourn, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, Ntmine conlradicente, That Leave be given

to bring in a Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants: Voi. 25.

And that Mr. Nugent, the Lord Baltimore, and Mr. Hampden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 26° d Novembris;

Anno 20® Georgii 11" Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

A TT HEW Jenour attending, according to Order, was called in:

And the printed Paper, intituled. The Daily Advertiser, dated Saturday, November 22, 1746, and the Ad-

vertisement therein contained, which was Yesterday complained of, being shewn to him, he acknowledged. That he was the Printer of the said Paper; and that the said Advertisement was brought to him by Two Persons, One of whom, as he has Reason to believe, is named loughby: And he acquainted the House with the Reasons of his Belief.

And then he withdrew.

Robert Overton, the Master of Seagoe's Coffee-house, attending, according to Order, was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That a Person gave him Directions to receive the Letters which should come to his Hands, directed to A. B. pursuant to the said Adver-tifemenf, and not to deliver them to any Person but to himself, or to some Person bringing a Token from him; and that several Letters (o directed came to the said Costee-house, some of which were delivered there to the Person himself from whom he received those Directions; who gave the Witness Reason to believe that his Name was Willoughby:And he acquainted the House with the Reason of his Belief.

And he also acquainted the House, That he had now in his Custody One of the Letters so directed:

And having produced the fame, he was directed to withdraw.

And the said Matthew Jenour and Robert Overton were severallyagain called in; and were severallydireded to withdraw.

Ordered, That Willoughby do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Matthew Jenour do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Robert Overton, Master of Seagoe's Coffee-house, in Holbourn, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

The said Letter, produced by the said Robert Overton, was read.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 270 die Novembris;

Anno 20® Georgii 11" Regis, 1746. Prayers.

TV M R. Hampden presented to the House, according to Tv A Order, a Bill for impowering Henry Earl of Uxbridge to inclose Part of the Waste Lands in the Manor of Iver, in the County of Bucks, pursuant to an Agreement between him and the Tenants of the said Manor: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Willoughby attending, according to Order, was called in:

And the printed Paper, intituled. and dated Saturday, November 22, 1746, and the Ad-verritement therein contained, which was complained of upon Tuesday last, being shewn to him, he confessed that

he

Privily.

Iver

Inclgfurt.

Privilege.

ii)<? 270 — 28°Notembfti^i* — 2* Decembris. 1746.

tie was the Author 6f that Advertisement, and caused it to be publiffaed; but alleged. That he had not any ill-Meaning* Or Intention to offend this House, or any Person: And laid* That if he had offended* he begged Pardon.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

And thin the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Nine of the Clock.

u —

Piker is, 28* die Novembris;

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. PaAViRS.

Wp* /ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War-rit‘ rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new

Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Dorfei, in the room of Richards Esquire,

deceased.

The Order of the Day being read j Supply. The House tefolved itself into a Committee of the Whole HoUfe, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker tefumed the Chair.

Mt. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

brd'erid. That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. FaHe allb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, i# Decembris 5

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Supply. A T R. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the lYJL Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed hifn Xo report to the House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered ift at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Re/o/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thit Fdrty thousand Mfen be employed for the Sea SerVict, for the Year 1747, beginning the ill of January

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 2 Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Meh for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

W»y« and Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedtu/day Morn*

Ing next* rfcfolVe itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to ectnfidef of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till To*morrow* Mortiing, Nine of the Clock.

ndJJM f —: ----- ----- ----- ---. — --- — S. . -W

M&rtis, 2* die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

A PET ITION of several Trustees, whose Names are Shenfield thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and Roads, the rest of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the-Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of Effix-, and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from Mar-garetting to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the said Act the Petitioners are impowered to erect Turnpikes for railing of Tolls, which are thereby granted, for repairing of the said Roads, for the Term of Twenty* one Years, from the First Day of May 1726; in pursuance whereof, the Petitioners have, from time to time, applied the Money arising from the said 1 oils towards the Repairing of the said Highways, and for such Purposes as by the said Act they are impowered and directed to do; by which Means great Progress hath been made in amending the said Highways: But that by reason of the heavy Carriages, and great Traffick used upon the said Roads, the same cannot be effectually repaired, and kept amended* by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws atld Statutes of this Realm, unless the Term and Powers, in the said Act granted, be continued and enlarged, and the Petitioners impowered to borrow Money for that Purpose; which no Person at present will advance, till the said Term is renewed, and the said Act. made more effectual; and that the said Roads will soon be in a ruinous Condition, if a Fund is not annually raised and applied for arid towards keeping them in Repair: And further setting forth. That the Road leading from the Pound at in Danebury, to Allthorne Church, in the said County; and also the Road leading lk>rri the Eagle and Child, in the aforesaid Parish of Shenfield, by to Rayleigh;

and from thence to Rvchford\ and from Rayleigh to Leigh, in the Hundreds of Rochford and in the said

County Of Essex, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired by the said former Act, are very much out of Repair, by heavy Carriages frequently pa fling through the feme, and in Winter Seafbn so bad, that Coaches and Carriages canhot pals through them, without Danger;

Which Roads canhot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws, be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless some Provision be made for railing Money for that Purpose; And therefore prkying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act; and that Ptovifiori may be made in the said Bill for repairing the said Road lead* ing from the Pound at Runfell, ih Danebury, to Alltkornt Church, in the said County; and also the Road leading from the Eagle and Child, in the said Parish of,

by Billericay, to Rayleigh; and from thence to Rochford; and from Rayleigh to Leigh, in the Hundreds of Rochford and Barflaple, in the said County; in such manner as to

the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the ferae, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bramfion, Sir Robert Abdy,

Ml

2 ° Decembris.

Itct

ciolure.

20 Geo. II.

197

Mr. Archer, Sir John PhilippsMr. Mr. Syden-

ham, Mr. Seale, Mr. Young, Mr. Pratt, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Mar tut. Sir John Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Gore, Colonel Beake, Mr.

Sir John Peachy, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Sir daunt, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Humphry, Mr. Hay, General Onslow, Sir Yonge, Mr. IVUtes,

Mr. Brflow; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-lbns, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for impowering Henry Earl of Uxbridge to inclole Part of the Waste Lands in the Manor of Iver,.\n the County of Bucks, pursuant to an Agreement between

him and the Tenants of the said Manor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. IVinford, Lord Perceval, Mr. Gore, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Blackett, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Ch. Montague, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Geo. Montague, Mr. Plumptre, Lord quin, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Hugh Smith fan Sir James Grant, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Compton, Mr Boone, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Chetzvynd, Lord Chetwynd, Mr.

Colonel Charles Powlelt, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Humphry, Mr. Bhid-worth, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Dr ax, Mr. Kent, Lord Gage, Mr. Mr. Boynton,

Mr. fVilfon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Leveson, Mr. JVatfon, Mr. Willes, Mr. Tucker, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Neale, Mr. Powlett; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Bucks, -dlesex, Berks, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Arthur Forbes, Committee Sir John Gordon, Mr, Scot, Sir James Carnegy, Mr. of Privileges. Murray, Mr. Oswald, Mr. John Stewart, Mr. Douglas,

Mr. Erjkin, Colonel James Stewart, Mr. Pratt, Dr.

Cotes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr.

Hawkins Browne, Mr. Ofbaldeston, Sir John Cujl, Mr.

Compton, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Estimate*.,* Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1747: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces for Flanders, for the Year 1747: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1747.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as followeth; viz.

"S

Vol. *5.

B SSTIMATB

198

i° Decembris.

A. 1746.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Force*, for the Year 1747.

First Troop of Guards -Second ditto -

Horse -/ First Troop of Grenadier Guards -J Second ditto -

I Royal Regiment of Guards

Royal Regiment -_... *____

ESSES:

Lord Mark Kerr's -

Colonel Naizon's -Major-General Hamilton's

Five Battalions of Guards Fiift Battalion of Lieut.-Gen. S;'. Clair's Second ditto -Lieutenant-General Howard's Lieutenant-General Burrell's -Lieutenant-General Guise's Major-General Skelton's Brigadier Price's -Lieutenant-General Harrison's Lieutenant-General Handafyd's Brigadier Mor dauns -

Foot *. \ kwd George Sackville's -Brigadier Houghton's Major-General Blakeney'

Major-General Bragg's -Lord Harry Beauclerk's

Brigadier Cholmond

Brigadier Fleming's Lord John Murray's Colonel Lee's

Colonel Murray's

Colonel Lafce/le's

Colonel Battereau's -

Earl of London's -

Invalids - i Colot!Jel PKardoure's Regiment

I25 Independent Companies -

Garrisons -1 Garrisons, w*th E*rc an(^ Candle I Contingencies, upon Account

Total

Numbers. Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 36 j Days.

181 - 16,546 13 4

181 - 16,546 13 4

‘77 - 10,870 18 4

176 - IO>743 3 4

535 36,019 8 4

1,250

538 - 23,618 10 10

65* m 28,979 9 7

435 - 19,630 18 4

538 23,618 10 10

435 - 19,630 18 4

435 - 19,630 18 4

435 - 19,630 18 4

435 19,630 18 4

3>9°2

4-773 - 108,836 18 4

977 18,082 14 2

*>*57 - 19,992 17 6

977 - 18,082 14 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

815 - 15,217 9 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

8*5 - 15,217 9 a

815 - 15,217 9 a

815 - 15,217 9 2

8 15 - 15,217 9 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

8*5 - 15,217 9 2

815 - 15,217 9 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

977 - 18,082 14 2

1,058 - 19,515 6 8

8*5 - 15,217 9 2

«>5 - 15,217 9

8*5 - 15,217 9 2

*»*55 m 20,193 12

977 O n An A 18,082 14 2

20,003

5*5 - 9,906 14 2

*»3°° T fit 22,584 7 6

- - 36»937 9 7

- - 20,000 — —

4 33»°3° - - I-

TOTAL.

d.

90,726 16

*74»37I 2

501,540 S 4

34.49*

56»937 9 7

856,066 19 2

War-Office, 2d December 1746.

H. Fox.

EST IM ATE

ao Geo. II.

2° Decembr

i9$

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces for , for the Year 1747.

Dragoons.

Toot.

"Earl of Stairs -

Sir Robert Rich's Earl of Rothes's

Sir John Cope's

His Royal Highness the Duke's

Two Battalions of Guards Major-General Wolfe's Brigadier-General Graham's Major-General Pulteney's -Major-General Howard s -Major-General Campbeirs Major-General Huske's Lord Sempilfs

Brigadier-General Douglass's Major-General -

Colonel Dejean's -Colonel Conway's -

Contingencies

Forage and Waggon Money

N. B. The Two additional Companies to each of the above Eleven Regiments of Foot, amounting to 1,782 Men, Officers included, remain in Great Britain which being deducted ——

There remains for Flanders

1 Numbers.

m 538

- - 538 -

- 538 -

Ok 538 -

- - 435 2.587

- - 1,862

- 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 -

- 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 -

- - 977 12,609

- -

15,196

il

Pay of the Troops

arid Regiments, for

365 Days.

£ t. d.

23,618 10 l6

23,618 10 JO

23,618 10 IO

23,618 10 IO

19,630 18 4

41,847 5 —

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 A an

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

18,082 14 2

10,000 —

7,926 8 6y

TOTAL.

s.

d.

114,105 1

*40.757 — *0

17,926 8

372.788 11 — ‘

1,782

I3.4I4

War-Office, ad December 1746.

H. Foxi

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and , for the

Year 1747.

In the PLANTATIONS.

Lieutenant-General Dalzell's Regiment Lieutenant-General Philip

Major-General Oglethorpe's Colonel Trelawny's -

Four Companies at New York One Company at Bermuda -

One Company in the Island of Providence Three Companies in South Carolina

John....

Officers of the Garrison at Rattan

At CAPE BRETON.

Colonel Shirley's Regiment -Sir Wm. Pepper ell's -

Major-General Fuller's - -

.Colonel Warburton's -

Officers of the Garrison of Louijbourg

Numbers.

815

m 8*5 -

- - 804 -

- 1,*57 -

- - 445 -

- - 58 -

m - 150

m - 345

4,589

and St. -

1,144

- *,>44 -

- - 815 -

- - 815 -

3,9*8

m m mm m

Pay for 565 Days.

£- s. d.

*5.2*7 9 2

15,217 9 2

*5,435 *5 —

20,969 5 —

7,141 16 8

1,049 7 6

2,466 *5 10

5,830 *7 6

20053 14 2 20,053 14 a

15,217 9 2

*5>*7 9 2

TOTAL.

£. s. d.

83,328 15 10

2,870 12 6

936 16

70,542 6 1,630 6

Vol. 25.

S

8

U

too

2° — 3° — 40

A \ 174

Number*. Pay for 365 Day*.

I15 £. s. d.

- 15,2x7 9 2

8i5 - 15.217 9 2

815 - 15,2x7 9 2

8i5 3,260 15,2x7 9 2

- -

8i5 15,217 9 2

8i5 - 15,381 14 2

8*5 15,217 9 2

8l5 3,260 15,217 9 2

2,839 7 11

" - 24,000

2,445 10 — 4,161

- - 456 5 —

" - 17,875 17 6

- " 15,02.7 - *

In MINORCA.

Major-General Wynyard' s Regiment Brigadier OffarelFs - -

Lieutenant-General As Colonel Kennedy's -

Officers of the Garrison

In GIBRALTAR.

Brigadier-General Fow Regiment -Lieutenant-General Hargrave's Late Lieutenant-General Columbine's Major-General Read's -

Officers of the Garrison

Provisions for Lieutenant-General s Regiment in

Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Canso, and Placentia, deducting 4 d.per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man, towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government ——

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar -Provisions for Major-General s Regiment at

Georgia ——

Provisions for the Companies at Rattan Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence -Provisions for the Regiments at Cape Breton -

War-Office, ad December 1746.

H. Fox.

TOTAL.

s.

60,869 16 8

6,371 18 9

61,034 1 8

3>749 »2 3*

51,778 — 5

343,112 8 i£

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising

the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

0 Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 3* Decembris;

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

SuPP,)‘» HP1 HE Order of the Day being read, for the House A to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ways The House resolved itself into a Committee of the and Means, whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, Tj'hat they had come to a Resolutioni which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-piorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have J^c&t to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

Jovis, 40 die Decembris;

Anno 20® Georgii II. Regis, 1746. Prayers.

MR. Brampston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shctifield to Harwich, in the County of Essex-, and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of and

from Margaretting to Malden, in the County of EJj'ex; and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it-appeared to them, to the House; andiie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read4 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Part of the said Act, of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, was read; by which a Power is given to the Trustees therein named to erect Turnpikes, and

raile

Shenfield

Road*'

20 Geo. II 40 — 50 Decembris. 201

raile Tolls, for the Term of 21 Years, from the ift of A Jay 1726.

Then the Committee examined Mr. William May hew, who said. That the Money arising by the said Tolls had been duly applied, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act; and that great Progress had been made in the Repair of the Roads; but that it was impossible sufficiently to amend the fame, during the subsisting Term, which expires in less than Five Months: And though the Roads should be amended, it would be impossible to continue to keep them in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law for amending the Highways of this Kingdom.

The same Evidence proved to the Committee, That by a Standing Order made by the Commissioners, no Money collected at the Turnpikes is to be applied in the Repair of any Part of the Road, till the Statute-work shall have been performed by the respective Parities; which Order has been punctually observed; and the Tolls and Statute-work have been found barely sufficient to keep the Roads in tolerable Repair, but that a large Sum will be necessary immediately to be laid out to put the same into such a Condition as may render them safe and commodious for Wheel Carriages.

The Evidence of Mr. May hew was confirmed, in every Particular, by several Gentlemen present;

Then the Committee proceeded to examine Witnesses, as to the Condition of the additional Roads mentioned in the Petition.

And Mr. Nath. Bowcer and Mr. John Lodozcick were severally examined; and said, That the Roads leading from the Pound at Run fell, in , to Alitiiorne

Church, in the County of and also the Road leading from the Eagle and , in the Parish of Sheffield, by Billericay, to Rayleigh; and from thence to Rockford-, and from Rayleigh to Leigh, in the Hundreds of Rockford, and Barnstaple, in the said County; were

contiguous to the Road directed to be repaired by the Act of the 12th of King George the First, as mentioned in the said Petition: And that those Roads, in several Places are not passable for Wheel Carriages, in the Winter Seaton: That One Man was drowned in endeavouring to pass the said Roads; and Cattle have frequently been loft.

They further said. That *tis impossible for the Parishes through which the Roads lead to amend the fameeffectu-ally, and to keep them in Repair, by the Work directed to be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of Essex; and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from ling to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from Col-chef er to Lang ham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads: And that Mr. Bramston, Sir Robert , and Mr. Gray, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

DifpcEtion Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for U Mitt, reierving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy: And that the Lord Limerick, the Lord Baltimore, and Mr. Bowles, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

of the Commission Officers of his Majesty's Navy, who are now in Commission, with the Dates of their several Commissions; and also a List of those who are upon Half Pay.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Refolded, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Minutes taken at and upon the several Trials of Admiral Mathews, Admiral Captain Robert

Rett, Captain William Dilke, Captain temple West, and

Captain George Sclater, respectively, before the Court-martial lately held at Deptford-, and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto, together with Copies of the several Sentences of the said Court-martial upon the said Trials.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised in the Year 1747, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called , Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Artic'e of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Legge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Lyt-

telton, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokefttire, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerts, 5* die Decembris; Anno 20* Georgii II‘U Regis, 1746. Prayers.

MR. Rawlinson Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year Y747, — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Navy Co*. Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

*'®°"edand Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Officer*! Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List

Vol. 25.

3F ESTIMATE

Minutdt of Court-martial on Admiral Mathew*,&c.

Way* and Meant*

Ordnance

Estimate.

202

5* Decembris.

A. 1746*

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1747.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, consisting of Eight Companies, with the Charge of the Academy, for their Instruction ——

Pay of additional Men to the Eight Companies of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 2 July 1746 ——

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, and North Britain -Establishment at Rattan ——

Establishments for Newfoundland; viz. St. J, Ferry land, Trinity

Harbour, and Placentia ——

Establishments for Louifbourg and Annapolis Royal -

Pay of Engineers lent to Georgia, South Carolina, Annapolis, Jamaica and New York, by Order of Council, 16 January 1745 -

Pay of Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions, and are superannuated, and disabled -

EXTRA ORDINARIES.

Towards carry ingon the} (Gibraltar ----- -- 10,000

Fortifications, repair- f; Mahon ----- -- 10,000

ing Storehouses, and T \ Annapolis ----- -- 10,000

supplying Stores, ' (Placentia ----- -- 6,000

f Sheerness and Gillingham £. 3,000; Fort £. 3,000 6,000

Dover, Deal, Walmer, Cattles-, A Moats Bulwark 1,500

Jersey£. 1,000; Guernsey £. 1,500; and Stilly Islands £. 1,500 4,000

£ s. d.

38,835 7 6

25,701 7 6

2,238 *3 4

9.767 10 5

2,428 *5

4,871 12 6

4,807 *5 —

1,825 — —

928 ri 8

Towards rebuilding, enlarging,

and the

Fortifica- 'fat! Edinburgh Castle^.i,oooo; Berwick £. 1,000 00 2,500 — —

tions and Barracks

2.000 ——

5.000 -

5.000 -

5.000 ——

- 5,000 ——

Carlisle £. 1,500; Hull £.500

Fort William ——

fort Augustus ——

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Portsmouth -

Towards erecting a new Fort and Battery at Eastney Point, and to repair and enlarge the old one at Porlfea Bridge, near Portsmouth Towards a new Fort at Inverness ——

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications, and supplying of Stores, at Louijbourg -Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at St. John's, and Trinity

Harbour, for the Security and Defence of the Fishery in - -

Towards carrying on the Forts, Fortifications, and Barracks, at Rattan -Pay of Officers, Engineers, Artificers, and other Attendants, with the Hire of Horses and Waggons for the Trains of Artillery in the Austrian Netherlands - -

Towards answering our Quota of the Joint Battering Train in Flanders, pursuant to the Convention with the States General, on Account ——

Six Months Pay of the Train of Artillery in Scotland, with Horses, Commissary, Conductors, Artificers, and other Attendants, with Incidents, to 30 1747 -

Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre - - - -.

E X C E E D IN G S, for which no Allowance has been made by Parliament, 1746,

Pay of additional Men to the Eight Companies of Artillery, from 17 January to 31 December 1746, pursuant to his Majesty's Pleasure, signified by his Grace the Duke of Newcaf le, 17 January 1745 -

Ordnance and Stores lent for the Security and Defence of the Places under-mentioned, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants and Orders in Council, dated 16 January, 27 February, 1745; £. S, d.

27 March, 14 April, and 3 June, 1746; viz.

Southwold in Suffolk - ----- 379 15

The Allom Works in Yorkshire -The Island of Barbadoes -The 1 Hand of Jamaica -

s. d.

- 2,140 10 8

Kingston upon Hu/l To Ireland, to replace those sent to Fort

379

20

7>8lS

*4.554

674

7

7

*9

s.

dt

91,404 12 II 36,000 — — '

26,000 — —

10,000 —

7.000 —

25.000 —

6.000 —

2.000 —

45.000 —

20.000 —

5.000 — 10,600 —

284,004 1* 1*

25,088 — 3

1,643

IO

J

during the Siege -

Arms sent to the Earl of London, for Service of new-raised Men at Inverness,~\ issued to the act'oeiated Troops at Norfolk, the associated Men at Falmouth, Portsmouth, Lymington, Newcastle, Brentford, and Fulham, and to his Royal Highness the Duke's new-raised Regiment of Dragoons:

Also Arms delivered to several Regiments, in lieu of those loft and taken at Fontenoy, Falkirk, Ghent, OJlend, Preston-Pans, Culloden, Clifton, Inverness, Fort ( Augustus, and Fort William, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants and Orders, dated 5, 11, and 15 January, 3, 8, and 17 February, 1745; 8 anc^ 29

12

August-,2 \ September; 2, 8, and 30 April', 29 May j 25 June; 2,

and 19 July, and 7 October, 1746....

8, 16,

Tents

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

KlTnutcs of Co* i rt-martial on Capt. Cooper, &c.

*«»pr*r-

20 Geo. II. 50 — 8° Decembris.

203

Tents to One Troop of Horse, and Four Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants, dated 13 December 1745; 26 , and 8 August 1746

Bedding to the Barracks at Berwick, Edinburgh Castle, Fort , and Dover

Castle, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants, 17 February 1745; 23

6 and 10 November, 1746 - -.....-

A Tram of Artillery fitted out on an Expedition, under the Command of Lieutenant-General St. Clair, with Pay of Officers, Coiirmiflary, Conductors, Artificers, and Hire of Seven Transports, to 31 December 1746, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 7 May 1746 -The Charge of bringing home the Train of Artillery from the Nether-

lands, also of re-supplying and lending back the said Train, with the Pay of Officers, Ministers, and Attendants, Hire of Horses, Waggons, and Transports, to 31 December 1746, pursuant to His Majesty's Pleasure, signified by hisGrace the Duke of Newcastle, the 3 and 12 June, and King's Warrant 8 July 1746 -Remitted on Account of the joint Battering Train in pursuant to Convention with the States General, by his Majesty's Warrants 25 March, and 10 September, 1746 -

The Charge of Three Trains of Artillery, with Horses, Commissaries, Conductors, Artificers, and other Attendants, fitted out for Service in Great Britain, Part of which remain now in Scotland, with ncidents, to 31 December 1746 Carriages, Mortars, and other Stores, lent to Louijburgh, as a Re-supply, pursuant to his Majesty's Pleasure, signified by his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 3 March 1745 ——

To veimburl'e the Money issued to answer Bills of Exchange, drawn by Admiral Warren, Sir William Pepperell, and Commodore Knowles, for the immediate Defence and Security of Louijburgh, pursuant to his Majesty's Order, signified to them by his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 4 September 1746

C s. d. 744 6 —

3,837 2 —

41,820 4 8

38,048 i 8

*3*779 10 4

25,500 ——

3,814 18 8

27,678 8 5

193,208 15 3

L

477>4l3 *

George Wade, Tho. Lascelles, A. Wilkinson, Charles Frederick, W. R. Earle.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1747: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all the Minutes taken at and upon the several Trials of Captain Thomas Cooper and Captain James Lloyd, before the Court-martial lately held at Deptford, and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto; together with Copies of the several Sentences of the said Court-martial, upon the said Trials.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces for Flanders, for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 17 j7, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House rctolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. fane reported from the Committee, That they Vol. 25.

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of *the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuneZ) 8° die Decembris; Anno 20* Georgii II4‘ Regis, 1746. Prayers.

MR. Scrape presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of the Produce, into the Exchequer, of such Duties and Revenues as are applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government (over and above all annual, weekly, and other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants made by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors) for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last past, distinguishing each Year, together with such Sums as have been applied by the Receivers of those Revenues, for Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, antecedent to the Payments into the Exchequer, with the Vouchers thereof; viz.

N° 1. An Account of tire Produce, into the Exchequer, of the several Duties and Revenues applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government; also of what Sums have been applied out of the Aggregate Fund, for the Uses aforesaid, for the several Years therein mentioned.

Accounts respecting the Ciril Lift Revenues.

8° Decembris.

204

A. 174

tioned, certified "by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer.

N° 2. Custom-house, London, 29th November 1746 — Report of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, with an Account of Payments made out of the new Subsidy, by the Receiver-General of his Majesty's Customs, for the Use of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midfvmmer last 1746, distinguishing each Year.

N° 3. Excise-Office, London, 21st November 1746 — Memorial of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenues of Excile, with an Account of the Monies which have been applied by the Cashier of Excise, out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer 1746, distinguishing each Year.

N° 4. General Post-Office, 24th November 1746-Certificate of the Postmaster-General of Payments, by the Receiver of that Revenue, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer 1746, distinguishing each Year.

N° 5. Alienation-Office, 24th November 1746 — Certificate of Monies paid out of that Revenue, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midfitmmer 1746, distinguishing each Year.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

The laid Papers are as followeth; viz.

D

cq'

r — h

N'

0

Q_

cr

o

0

00

Ant ACCOUNT of the Produce, into the Exchequer, of such Duties and Revenues as are applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government (over and above all annual, weekly, and o' other Payments and Incumbrances thereon, and over and above all Grants made by any of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors) for Seven Years, ending at last pad, distingui filing each

Year, together with such Sums as have been applied by the Receivers of those Revenues for Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, antecedent to the Payments into the Exchequer, with the

n Vouchers thereof; viz.

Into the Exchequer.

On additional Tonnage and Poundage -Hereditary and Temperary Exeiie Letter Money - -

Alienations ——

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods

Sheriffs Proffers -

Fines of Leases -

Fines and Forfeitures -

Wine Licences -

Rent of Lands -

Sale of Lands -

Compofuions - -

Out of the Aggregate Fund, />rr Act t* Georgii i4' Out of D° in Jicu of the Duty on Low Wines, taken off per Act 90 G -Out of D° in lieu of the Flax Duty, taken off per Act 40 Georgiizil -

Out of D° in lieu of the Yarn Duty, taken off per A ft 1 a* Georgii zai

Post Fines. These are in Lease to the E. of Strafford, at the yearly Rent of -

Money applied by Receivers.

Q By the Receiver-General of the Customs — Out of additional Tonnage and Poundage -By the Cashier of the F.xcise — Out of Hereditary' and Temporary Exci.'e - -

By the Receiver-General of the Post-Office By the Receiver-General of Alienations -

Wanting to compleat £.800,000 in each respective Year

In the Year, ended 27th June 1740. 26th June 1741* id July 1742. ift» 1743. 19th June 1 744. s8ih «74>. 27th 7* 17, *6. TOTALS.

C s. d. L s. d. , L s. d. £ s. d. £ s. J. d. £ J. d. i s. </.

285,407 8 1 I 232,762 I 5 261,983 to 8 257*495 *9 10 198,632 5 *»i 237,958 8 4 172,981 16 8 1,647,221 11 9»

; 193.792 6 1 of 176,816 >5 '8 186,106 8 TOJ 186,597 >5 1 D* 203,712 4 >>f 191,603 5 2 188,432 12 i°i [ 1.326,86 1 9 81

23,0,8 4 5 23*925 3 1 1 28,096 >7 3 23,7 *> >4 1 22,136 9 10 >9.532 6 7* 7,560 x7 2 148,041 l3 31

- 1,062 5 4 2,616 10 8 - - *>5'4 >5 4 1,382 f5 4 1,248 *5 4 7*825 2

22,053 6 7i 21,618 >7 3 25,048 >3 >o> 32>597 820 5 3* 33*244 7 to 26*757 11 9 >7,i4x 10 1 178,461 12 8;

7-28 12 8 677 8 2 5°3 9 74 >5 7 627 9 6 497 2 61 775 — 31 4,629 18 4»

4.381 — — >,335 4 6 4,043 3 6 4.347 1 >4 2*977 6 8 3.386 10 *.637 2 b 22,108 1 48,500 1 2

8,000 _ 7,000 6,e co — _ 9,000 — — 7,500 — — 6,000 — — 5,000 — —

1,2 11 *3 4 6 >3 4 3,891 I I 6 >3 4 5,466 >3 4 3.566 x3 4 1,486 *3 4 >5,636 1 1

16 5.650 — — - 5.650 — —

I I 8 — >3 4 4 5 IO ! >6 l6 8 16 — t 10 10 1 *3 4 42 l7 8

1 *0,000 — — 120,000 — 120,000 — ( 120,000 — — — 120,000 t — 120,000 120,000 — 840,000 —

70,000 — — 70,000 — — 7 0,000 — — 70,000 — — 70,000 — — j 9,000 — — 70,000 — — 490,000 — —

2,125 15 2,125 >5 2,125 >5 n 2,125 *5 2I 2,125 >5 n A *x 2,125 >5 2* 2, >25 >5 14,880 6 Si

- m 2,388 4 11 2,388 4 11 2,388 4 I I 2,388 4 I I 2,388 4 II 2,388 4 II >4*329 9 6

73°>779 9 8 659*7*9 3 712,808 I 6 70b,90,) *4 670,342 9 6^ 690,850 4 2 590,780 I 81 4,764,189 3 9

2,276 — — 2,276 — — 2,276 — — 2,276 — — 1,276 — *,276 — — 2,276 — — >5*932 — —

20,000 - _ 20,000 _ 20,000 — — - 20,000 — — 20,000 — — 20,000 — — CO,000 — — 140,000 — —

20,000 _ 20,000 _ mm 20,000 - - 20,000 20,000 — 22,922 4 5 i 20,000 — — I4!2,922 4 Si

9,900 — — 9,9°° 9,7°o — - — 9,700 — — 97OO — — 8,940 5 6 8,382 10 — 66,222 *5 6

2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — 2,000 — — - 2,000 2,000 — c.coo " 14,000 ~ 1

784,955 9 H 7 >3,895 3 __ 1 2 766,784 1 6 762,885 14 2f 724,318 9 6i 746,988 >3 >>l 643,438 11 81 5,143,266 3 81

i5,°44 TO 86,104 \ 6 >>i 33>2,5 18 6 37,* >4 5 9i *4 OO VO vo 10 5* 53»°>* 6 -i 156,561 8 3ii .456*733 16 31

800,000 — — 800,000 — — - 800,000 — — 8eo, oooo — — 800,000 — — 800,000 — — 800,000 — i i 5,600,000 — —

o

O

w

o

00

o

r

o

Ln

Presented this 8th Day of December 1746, by J.

D

eg'

r-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

i O ' O

o

G«

?T

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

An ACCOUNT of the Produce, into the Exchequer, of the several Duties and Revenues applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government; also of what Sums have been applied out

of the Aggregate Fund for the Uses aforesaid, for the several Years following;

New Subsidy, SCc. since 1728

Hereditary and Temporary Excite Letter Money - -

Alienations -

Seizures - -

Sheriffs Proffers -

Fines of Leases ——

Fines and Forfeitures -

Wine Licences -

Rent of Lands -

Sale of Lands ——

Competitions ——

Out of the Aggregate Fund,/>rrA& i"*

Out of D* in lieu of Low Wines, #V. taken off 9* Georgii 2dl -

Out of D* in lieu of the Duty on Flax, taken off 40 Georgii 2di -

Out of D° in lieu of the Yarn Duty, taken off 110 Georgii 2di -

285,407

93.752

23,078

22,053 728 4,3 8

8,000 1,211

120,000

70,000

2,125

4

6

ided \o. a6th June 1741. ad July 174a.

d. £ s. d. £ s.

11 232,762 1 5 261,983 10 8

10; 176,816 15 8 186,106 8 io£

5 23,925 3 11 28,096 17 3

- 1,062 5 4 21,618 17 3 2,616 10 8

7i 25,048 13 lOf

8 677 8 2 5°3 9 7s

*335 4 6 4,043 3 6

— 7,000 6,000 — —

4 6 >3 4 3,89i i 1

8 — 3 4 1 Lr* H O

120,000 120,000 - —

— 70,000 70,000

2i 2.125 *5 2* 1 2,125 *5 2}

- 2,388 4 11 2,388 4 11

liljulj 1743. 29th June 1744. 28th June 1743. *7th June 1746.

£. s. d. £ d. £. s. d.

*57.495 *9 «o 198,63a 5 nf 237,958 8 4 172,981 16 8

6,397 l5 3i 203,712 4 n| 191,603 5 2 188,432 12 iof

23,711 14 1 22,136 9 10 19,532 6 7r 7,560 17 2

- 1,514 15 4 1,382 15 4 1,248 15 4

32,597 5 31 33,244 7 10 26,757 if 9 17,141 10 1

820 15 7 627 9 6 497 2 6* 775 — 3s

4,347 14 ~ 2,977 6 8 3,386 10 — 1,637 2 6

9,000 7,500 m m " 6,000 — — 5,000 1,486 13 4

6 13 4 5,466 13 4 3,566 13 4

« m 16 16 8 16 16 — 5,650 — — I 10 10 « to 1 13 4

120,000 120,000 — . — 120,000 120,000

70,000 — — 70,000 — — 70,000 — — 70,000

2,125 *5 2,125 15 *f 2,125 15 2,125 15 af

2,388 4 11 2,388 4 II 2,388 4 11 2,388 4 11

TOTALS.

£ s. d.

1,647,221 11 9*

1,326,861 9 8

148,041 13 3|

7,825 2 — -

178,461 12 4,629 18 4!

22,108 1 2

48,500 — — 5*636 1 1

5,650 ——

42 17 8

840.000 ——

490.000 ——

14,880 6 si

4,329 9 6

4,764,189 3 9

Exchequer, the 3d Day of December 1746.

Orford.

5*.

206 8° Decembris. 1746.

£0 Geo. tl. 8°

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

in Obedience to your Commands, signified in Mr. Fane's Letter of the aoth Instant, in the Absence of your Lordships Secretaries, we humbly lay before your Lordships,

Am ACCOUNT of Payments made out of the New Subsidy, by the Receiver-General of his Majesty's Customs, for the Use of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last 1746, distinguishing each Year.

Which is humbly submitted;

Custom-house, London, 29th November 1746.

Beaunf Hot ham, S. Mead,

G. Vaughan,

B. Fairfax,

To the Honourable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs.

In pursuance to your Minute of 21st Instant, we represent. That there have been no Payments made out of the New Subsidy, for the Use of his Majesty's Civil Government, except £. ao, oooo per Annum paid to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, as follows; viz.

From Midsummer 1739, to 1740

From Midsummer 1740, to 1741

From Midsummer 1741, to Midsummer 1742

From Midsummer 1742, to Midsummer 1743

From Midsummer 1743, to Midsummer 1744

From Midsummer 1744, to Midsummer 1745

From Midsummer 1745, to Midsummer 1746

20.000

20.000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000 20,000

For Seven Years, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1746, 140,000

November 2 ad 1746. John Receiver-General.

John , Deputy Comptroller.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified by Letter from Mr. Fane, in the Absence of the Secretaries, we herewith humbly lay before your Lordships, An Account of the Monies which have been applied by the Cashier of Excise, out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last >746, distinguishing each Year. We are.

Your Lordships most obedient humble Servants,

Cha. Poihiil, J. Foxvle,

Excise-Office, London, Ja. , R.

21st November 1746. fVm. J. Orlebar,

Aug. Earle, D.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been applied by the Cashier of Excise, out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, fot Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last, distinguishing each Year; viz.

Ptid the Prince of fTtlei. Paid the late Earl of Orford Pentium '» TOTAL.

£ s. d. £. S. d. £ s- d.

1740 20,000 — — - - 40,000

1741 20,000' — - - 20,000 —

For the Year, ended the 24th June - - 1742 20,000 — — - 20,000

>743 20,000 — - - 20,000 —

>744 20,000 — - - 20,000

>745 20,000 — — 2,922 4 si 22,922 4 si

Li 746 20,000 — - 20,000

£ 140,000 — — 2,922 4 Si 144,922 4 Si

Excise-Office, 2tft November 1746. Cha. Polhill, J. Fowle, Ja. Vernon,

R. Eyre, IVm. Burton, J, Orlebar, Exa. per Hen. Needier, Accomptant-General. Aug. Earle, D. Papillon.

Vol. 25.

208 8° JDecembris. . 1746*

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

In Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified to us by a Letter from Mr. Fane, \n the Absence of your Lordships Secretaries, dated the 20th Instant, we herewith transmit to your Lordships, An Account of the Monies which have been applied by the Receiver-General of this Office, out of the Revenues here, for the jLJf.*s of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Yews, ending at Midsummer last 1746, distinguishing each Year. We are

Your Lordship's most obedient humble Servants,

General Pod Office,

November 24th 1746. Everard

The Lord

Chancellor. Secret Service. Mr. Buckley, TOTAL.

s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. S. d.

From Midsummer 1739, to D® 1740 - 5,000 — — 4>7oo 200 9>9co

From D® »74°» to D® 1741 5,000 4,700 200 9,900

From D® p — 1741, to D® 1742 - 5,000 4»7co - 9,-00

From D® 1742. to D® 1743 - 5,000 — — 4,700 - 9,700

5,000 4,-00 - 9,700 — —

From D*- 1744* to D® 1745 - 5,000 3>94° 5 6 - 8,940 5 6

From D" 1745, to D® 1746 - 5,000 3,382 to — - 8,382 10 —

£ 35,000 — 30,822 15 6 400 66,222 15 6

General Poll-Office,

November 24, 1746.

Ex*. Edm. Barham.

My Lords,

We the Commissioners of the Alienation-Office do, in Obedience to your LordshipsConimands, signified to us by Mr. Fane's Letter, hereby certify, That the under-written is an Account of the Monies which have been paid out of the Revenues under our Management, for the Uses of His Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last, in each Year respectively j viz.

The Hanaper Rent, from Midsummer 17.19, to Midsummer 1740

D° ----- ----- ----- --from Midsummer 1740, to Midsummer 1741 -

D° — - from Midsummer 1741, to Midsummer 1742 -

D® ----- ----- ----- --from Midsummer 1742, to Midsummer 1743 -

D° ----- ----- --- from Midsummer 1743, to Midsummer 1744 -

D° — ----- ----- ----- ----- — from Midsummer 1744, to Midsummer 1745 -

D® ----- — " -- — from Midsummer 1745, to Midsummer 1746 -

2.000

2.000

2.000 2,coo

2.000 2,009

2.000

£. 14,000

ssaaMHa

Elf red Staples, as Deputy to Sir fVm. Ashburnham John Spelman, Deputy to Cornelius , Esquire.

All which we the Commissioners of your Office of Alienations do humbly certify to your Lordships.

Alienation-Office, 24 November 1746.

To the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the llouie.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad<‘.re6 for Add refles of Thursday last, and al so t hei r Ad d refs of Friday Papers. ]act. That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several Lifts and Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty: And that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Diie&ions accordingly.

Supply. Ordered, That Mr. Scrope do make the Report which was orderd to be made, upon this Day, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land-Land Tax. Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1747, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Scrope, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which he was directed to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, in Great Britain, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Thirty-three thousand and Thirty effective Men, CommuTion and Non commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred Fifty-six thousand and Sixty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Thirty-three thousand and Thirty effective x 6 Men,

Supply,

A ddrefc on lessening the Exprncc of the Army.

Supply.

Westminster

Bridge.

20 Geo. II. 8°- — 9* — 1 o® 2O9

Men, for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year *747-

Rejo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three hundred Seventy-two thousand Seven hundred Eighty-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Fifteen thousand One hundred Ninety-six effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, for the Service of the War in Flanders, for the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Forty-three thousand One hundred and Twelve Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny Half Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the Year 1747.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the grateful Thanks of this House, for the generous and fresh Instance he has given of his Attention to the Ease and Welfare of his People, by lessening the Expence of the Army, in a Manner foeflential to the Publick; and to allure his Majesty, That, as this great publick Benefit must be attended with forne unavoidable Hardships to particular Persons, we will enable his Majesty to make such Provision for them, and in such Manner, as his Majesty shall think proper, until they can be otherwise provided for in his Majesty's Service.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 90 die Decembris;

Anno zo* Georgii II" Regis, 1746. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Sir Joseph Ay~ Ioffe, Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Weff-minsterto the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from October 15th 1745, to November 18th 1746, both inclusive: And all'o,

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Bridge, between October 15th 1745, and November 18th 1746, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westm'tnJler Bridge, from Sep 9th 1745, to September 29th 1746.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books (containing the said State, Contracts, and Accounts) were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved among the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday C*U °fthi the 2 2d Day of January next. 0

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend* be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tommorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, io- die Decembris;

Anno ao* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746*

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Address of Monday last, to return his Majesty Addrefi* the grateful Thanks of this House, for the generous and fresh Instance he has given of his Attention to the Ease and Welfare of his People, by lessening the Expence the Army, in a Manner so eflent ial to the Publick; and to allure his Majesty, That, as this great publick Benefit rauft be attended with some unavoidable Hardships to particular Persons, we will enable his Majesty to main-such Provision for them, and in such Manner, as his Majesty shall think proper, until they can be otherwise provided for in his Majesty's Service, had been presented to his Majesty t And that his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

His Majesty is very glad that the Regulation he has made in his Troops is so agreeable to his faithful Commons: And allures them. That it will always be his Desire to lessen the Burthen of the publick Expences, as far as is consistent with the Safety of his People.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Servant* the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of Servants Wages; and for the better Regulation of Servants:

And that Mr. Gray, Mr. Carew, Sir William

and Mr. Henry Bankes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir John Philipps, Sir Edward Turner, Committe. Mr. Pratt, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Foley junior, Lord Privilege*.

more. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Drake, Sir Henry shall, Mr. Thrak, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fere Poulett, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 40,1 ^eta*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply BHtj to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1747.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to nuke good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1745, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

*747-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

3 H mentj

io* — 11* Decembris.

J. 17 -6.

210

meats thereunto; which they had directed him to report, House, That he had received his Majesty's Commands to Lord Lovats

. ., , r . _ .1-- r i,. u.r_a:. _ 1 r.____1 . luifcatuuieut.

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

lay before this House a Letter signed,

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented the said Letter to the House.

And the said Letter was read; and is as followeth;

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges. Elections be adjourned.

of Privileges and

Hedon

Ele&ioo.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Supply Bill; Land Tax

Jovis, ii° die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1747, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a well taken care of, as since they were in your Hands:

Honourable and Dear Sir,

I Received, with vast Pleasure, the Honour of your Letter of the 31st October, by the Bearer, who has the Honour to be known to you: He is my Relation, and was my Secretary for several Years; and he is now Captain-Lieutenant in the First Battalion of my Son's Regiment. He gave me great Joy, in letting me know, at this Time, as well as when he came from,

some Weeks ago. that you was in perfect Health, notwithstanding of the ext ream Fatigue, and constant Hurry, that the essential Affairs of the Royal Prince keeps you in Day and Night.

I do allure you, dear Sir, that no Man in Scotland is better pleased to hear of the Continuation of your Health, and the Prosperityof your Person, in every Shape, than lam; as I always found you a worthy Gentleman, full of good Scnfe and Politeness, full of true Loyalty and Valour, and faithfully zealous for the Interest of the Royal Family; and in the mean time mighty civil and obliging to me, when I had the Honour to fee . on the Subject of the King's Affairs, which never was so

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

would be, therefore, a most stupid worthless Animal, if I had not a most grateful Sense of your Goodness and Friendship towards me: So, dear Sir, you may believe me when I afiure you, that my Heart and Soul is full of Thanks and Gratitude for the great Marks of Friendship A Petition of Luke Robinson Esquire, was presented to that I had the Honour to receive from you: And I have the House, and read; setting forth. That on Saturday laid my positive Commands upon my Son to love, ho-the 29th Day of November last came on the Election of a nour, and respect you, as my best Friend; and to make Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Borough of He- you his Patron at the Prince's Court; and to do nothing don, in the County of York, in the Place of the Honour- that is effectial without your Advice; and he will find it able George Berkeley Esquire, deceased, at which the Pe- his own Interest to observe exactly my Instructions on titioner and Samuel Gumley Esquire were Candidates; that Head.

That Samuel Watson, then Mayor of the said Borough, I solemnly protest, dear Sir, that it was the greatest and Returning Officer at the said Election, being gained Grief of my Life, that my Indisposition, and severe Sick-into the Interest of the said Samuel Gumley, did proceed, ness, kept me from going South, to my dear brave Prince, in taking the Poll, with the utmost Partiality against the and never parting with him, while I was able to stand, Petitioner, rejecting several legal Votes, that were duly but venture my old Bones, with Pleasure, in his Service, tendered, for the Petitioner, and admitting several for the and before his Eyes, while I had the least Breath within said Samuel Gumley, who had not the least Colour of me; but when I found that by Painsand Weakness in my Right; and that by these and divers other illegal, arbi- Knees, I loft the use of my Limbs, I resolved to give a trary, and corrupt, Methods, made use of by the said Proof of my Angular Zeal for my dear Master the King, Mayor, and the said Samuel Gumley, and their Agents, a and for my brave glorious Prince, that I truly believe few Majority of One Vote only was obtained for the said Samuel or none in Scotland would do but myself: I fend my Gumley; who is not qualified to fit or Vote as a Member eldest Son, the Hopes of my Family, and the Darling of this House, he not having, at the Time of the said of my Life, a Youth about Nineteen Year old, who Election, such an Estate as the Law requires: Thata Scru- was just going abroad to finish hisStudies and Education, tiny being thereupon demanded by the Petitioner, the after having learned, with Applause, what is taught in said Mayor granted the fame, and appointed the Monday our Scots Universities, and was Graduate Master of Arts; following the said Election, at Ten of the Clock in the but instead of fending him abroad to compleat hisEduca-Forenoon, to proceed upon the said Scrutiny; notwith- tion, I have sent him to venture the last Drop of his (landing which the said Mayor, without entering upon Blood in the glorious Prince's Service: And as he is ex-the said Scrutiny, and without hearing any one Party or treamly beloved, and the Darling of the Clan, all the Witness, hath presumed, privately and clandestinely, to Gentlemen of my Name and Clan (which, I thank God, return the said Samuel Gumley, as duly elected for the said are numerous, and look well, and always believed to be as Borough of Hedon, in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, ftoutas their Neighbours) are gone with him. who was duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and There is not the Head of ane old Family or Tribe of jn Violation of the Bights of the Electors of the said my Name and Clan, in this Country, that have (laid at Borough, and in open Defiance of the many good Laws home, only a few old Gentlemen, infirm like myself, that made to prevent falle Returns of Members to serve in were not able to travel; and as my Son is adored by the Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House common People of my Clan, he has brought along with will be pleased to hear the Petitioner, by his Counsel; him a considerable number of the best of them, in Two and to give him such Relief as the Nature of his same handsome Battalions; and if they were as well armed and shall require. equipped as I could wish, they would look as well as any

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard Clan that went South this Year; for as 1 possess thelargest at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 3d Day of and best Estate in the Shire, I have a great Number of February next. Commons on my Property, about 1,500 good and bad;

and that which is very singular, is, that in that 1,500 Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the there is not Thirty but what are Frc.fers, which no Chief

in

20 Geo. II.

11® — 12° D

2\ I

in the Highlands can lay of his Clan but myself; for most of them are mixed with Men of all the other

Clans.

I flatter myself that my Son will behave well at the Head of my People; and I am sure every one of them will be ready to live and die with him: And if he lives, I hope he will beane useful Servant to the King and Prince, and ane Honour to his Family! for he has very good Parts and Learning for his Age. And since I am like to make my Exit very loon out of this troublesome World, and that, 1 thank God, I have served my King faithfully, from my Infancy till now, and that it is well known by all the Gentlemen in the King's interest in the North, that, for many Years pad, I was the Life and Spirit of the King's Affairs in these Countries! and as I made it my only Business to encourage and keep up the Hearts of the King's Friends, it was very fatiguing and troublesome to me, and vadly expensive, by my extravagant House-keeping, and giving away often a little Money to the King's Friends, that wanted it much, and from whom I never expect any Payment; and now I give the lad Proof of my uncommon and unalterable Zeal for my dear Malter the King, in fending what's deared to me in the World, my elded Son and my Clan, to venture their Lives with the glorious Prince Royal, and under his Eyes.

As it would be ill Manners to trouble you in a Letter with some essential Things that concerns my own Person and Family, I have intruded my Coufln, the Bearer, to give you a true Account of what I have to say, which I hope you will receive with your ordinary Goodness and Friendship for me. And I camel;iy intreat, after you confuier what I have to lay, that you represent it to the Prince, in the kindly and friendly manner you always behaved to me: And as I ask nothing of his Royal Highness that is either expensive, dishonourable, or d Had vantage-ous, to his Royal Highness, and to his interest, I am convinced, that his Royal Highness will give me a jud and gracious Answer, which will for ever fix me, my Poderity, and all concerned in me, to his Royal Highness's Person and Family. And I can say, without Vanity, that there is not One Family in the North of Scotland more capable to serve him, and his Royal Family, than mine; nor none that has deserved it more of the Royal Family of Stewarts, since their Accetfion to the Throne, than the Frafers, and the Lords of: They likewise signalized themselves, with Honour and Valour, for King Robert Bruce, and his Offspring: And it is likewise singular, that no Lord of Twenty-four,

that have been of my Family, ever fought or voted against their King.

I beg you Ten thousand Pardons for this Digression; but as 1 look upon you as my bed Friend, I thought proper to let you know this under my own Hand, which I hope you will forgive, and the Tediousness of this Letter: And believe, that I am, as much as any Man alive, with the utmod Edeem and Respect, and with a most sincere and condant Gratitude, while there is Life in me,

Honourable and Dear Sir,

Your most obedient, most obliged,

and most affectionate, faithful, humble Servant,

Lovat.

The House being informed, That some Persons attended at the Door, who could give Evidence in relation to the Writing and Signing of the said Letter;

Several of the said Persons were called in; and, at the Bar, examined:

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, That this House having Matters to communicate to them, of great Consequence to the King and the Kingdom, they desire, that their Lordships will continue fitting for some time.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the said

Message to the Lords.

Vol. 25.

Sir William Tonge reported, That he had delivered the Lord Lovat'*

said Message to the Lords: And that the Lordsanswered, ImPeacLinenl-That they do agree to continue fitting some time, as is desired.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That this House will impeach Simon Lord Lovat of High Treason.

The House was informed. That the said Simon Lord Lovat is now a Prisoner in the Tower of London.

Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry an Impeachment to the Lords, against Simon Lord , to the Effect following; viz.

My Lords,

The Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aflerubied, having received Information of divers Treasons committed by a Peer of this Realm, Simon Lord have commanded me to impeach the said Simon Lord Lovat of High Treason: And I do here, in their Names, and in the Names of all the Commons of Great Britain, impeach the said Simon Lord Lovat of High Treason.

And I am further commanded by the House of Commons to acquaint your Lordships, That they will, with all convenient Speed, exhibit Articles to make good the Charge against him.

Resolved, Whereas the said Peer is already under Commitment, That therefore this House will not desire the Lords, that he may be committed to safe Custody, as hath been usual in Cafes of like Nature.

Sir William Tonge reported. That he had, pursuant to the Commands of the House, at the Bar of the House of Lords, impeached Simon Lord Lovat of High Treason.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the said Simon Lord Lovat.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Wm. Tonge,

Lord Coke, Lord Barrington,. Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Legge, Mr.

Philip Yorke, Sir John Strange, Mr. Richard Grenville,

Mr. Wm. Noel, Sir Richard Lloyd.

Ordered, That the Letter signed Lovat, this Day presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 merit, 12° die Decembris;

Anno 2* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Lord Lovat'* Command, presented to the House, several Let- i«ipo»chment. ters and Papers, relating to Simon Lord Lovat, sealed up.

Ordered, That the said Letters and Papers be referred to the Committee who are appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the said Simon Lord Lovat.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Order of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for } ».

Tellers for the Noes,1

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Report of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, with an Account of Payments made

out

Supply.

211

12® — 15° Decembris.

A. 1746.

out of the New Subsidy, by the Receiver-General of his Majesty's Customs, for the Use of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at

mer last 1746, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Memorial of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenues ef Excise, with an Account of the Monies which have been applied by the Cashier of Excise, out of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at 1746, distinguishing

each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Certificate of the Postmaster-Gene-ral of Payments, by the Receiver of that Revenue, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer 1746, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper intituled, Alienations — Certificate of Money paid out of that Revenue, for the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, for Seven Years, ending at Midsummer 1746, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1747, Lana Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then ' the' House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privileges. tjQns adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunes,15* Decembris;

Anno 20° Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Addresses for nESOL FED, That an humble Address be presented

Accounts of iv to |,js Majesty, that he will be graciously pleased to Itocauci. direct the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the New Subsidy, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1746, distinguishing each Year, and what has been paid' since of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears are still standing out.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners of the Excise to lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or on any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1746, with an Account of the Net Produce of the fame, distinguishing each Year, and what has been paid since of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears are still standing out.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the Postmaster-General to lay before this House, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Post-Office, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or on any Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1746, with an Account of the Net Produce of the fame, distinguishing each Year, and what has been paid at any time since of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears are still standing out.

Resolved, Than an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the Commissioners of the Alienations to lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue under their Management, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or on any other Account whatsoever, from Midsummer 173910 Midsummer 1746, distingtlishing each Year, and what has been paid at any timt since of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears are still standing out.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officer to lay before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue arising by Wine Licences, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or any other Account whatsoever, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1746, distinguishing each Year, and what has been paid at any time since of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears ate ftiU standing out.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to direct the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the several and respective Duties and Revenues payable to his Majesty in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 174&

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's raoft Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for exe- Navy; Com* cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, missionedand presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the Commission Officers of the Navy now in Commission, with the Dates of their several Commissions: And also,

A Lift of the Commission Officers of the Navy who are upon Half-Pay, with the Dates of their several Commissions. v

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, to 'be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Supply Bill; a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the L»ndT*x. Service of the Year 1747, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a.Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1747.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Four hundred Fifty-six thousand Seven hundred Thirty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and

Three

4

2 O Geo. II. i 50 — 16°

iH

Three Ponce Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to make jjood the Defic i.ncy of the Duties and Revenues

r»

applicable to the L'fis of his Majesty's Civil Government, in the Seven Years, ending at Midsummer la(t pad 1746.

Resolved.That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Five hundred thou land Pounds be granted to his Majesty to enable his Majesty to discharge the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, raised in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament alter the 29th Day of September *746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-four thousand and Four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year *747-_

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety three thousand Two hundred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence, he granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Extraordinary' Expence of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The First of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time;

And a Mat ion being made, That the said Resolution be re committed;

The House was moved. That the Preamble, and also the 5th Sediou of 6n Ad, made in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain,

might be read:

And the same were read accordingly.

And the Question being put, That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for (he Ye*, { JJr FcTy', junior: Tellers so, the Noes,

45*

| »*3-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the Caid Resolution, That the Sum of Four hundred Fifty-six thousand Seven hundred Thirty-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthing?, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties and Revenues applicable to the Uses of his Majesty's Civil Government, in the Seven Years, ending at Midsummer last past 1746.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That so much of the Clause of Appropriation contained in an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1746; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money, for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed t as relates to the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Second Resolution; might be read: And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the Resolution of the House, contained in the Journal of the 13th Day of May, in the l ift Session of Parliament, in relation to the said Sum, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That (he House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sum of Five Vot. 25.

hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, raised in pursuance of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament after the 29th Day of September 1746.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privileges,

KG'

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 16* die Decembris;

Anno 208 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That the last Clause of an Distemper Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Or-. ders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom, might be read:

And the said Clause was read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now. rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the tame more effectual: And that Sir John CrcJJ'e, Mr. Grenville, the Lord Chetwynd, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. C.jrew, the Lord Strange, Mr. Jenytts, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Turner, Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Plumptre,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Nugent p re fen ted to the House, according to Or- Foreign der, a Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants: And the Protestant* same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee ap- Lord pointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and pre- Lovat's pare Evidence, against Simon Lord Lovat, impeached of I"p*"chn, eut‘ High Treason, That the Committee had drawn up Articles of Impeachment accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

YVhere the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Articles of Impeachment of High Treason against Simon Lord Lovat.

WHEREAS the Imperial Crown and Government of these Kingdoms have been long duly and happily established in the Royal Family of his present Molt Sacred Majesty, upon Principles equally conducive to the Honour and Safety of the Crown, and to the Protection and Liberty of the Subject; whereby settled Laws ard made the common Measure of Justice to both; and a Prerogative wifely calculated to promote the greater Good of the People, and answer the Exigencies of Government, has been ascertained and secured:

And whereas the Reigns of his present Majesty, and his Royal Father, have given the Itrongeft and most i*-luftrious Proofs of the happy Effects of those Principles, in the Exercise of their legal, mild, and equal, Administration, under which every Subject, from the highest to the lowest, has had his Religion, his Person, and his Property, fully protected, by the moll inviolable Observance of the Laws, which have had their free Course, without the least Interruption on the Part of his Majesty, or of his Royal Father.

3 I Not-

1(5* DecemhrtS.

214

lord 'Lovat's notwithstanding which, there have been found many lu.i>iact"iHu(. wic}jet] an(j ungrateful Persons, who have themselves enjoyed all these Blessings in common with the rest of their Fellow-subjects, and yet have been weak and desperate enough, from time to time, to contrive the Subversion of this happy Establishment, in order to introduce Popish Bigotry and Superstition, instead of the Protestant Religion, and an arbitrary tyrannical Power, instead of a free Government; and as the only Means of establishing and perpetuating those great Evils, to place the Pretender to his Majesty's Crown upon the Throne of this Kingdom: And the more easily to obtain these Ends have,

from time to time, taken Advantage of the Distresses

which, in the Course of human Affairs, have happened to their native Country, to set on foot and prosecute their traiterous Designs:

And whereas divers of the said Traitors to his Majesty have laid hold of the Opportunity arising from the just and unavoidable, but difficult and expensive. Wars, in which this Nation has been for some time engaged, to 1 renew their treasonable Conspiracics, for the bringing

their wicked Purposes to effect, by the Assistance of Troops and Money from his Majesty's Enemies abroad, and by raising a, Rebellion at home:

And whereas by the Instigation of, and in Concert with, the said Traitors, a great Number of French Troops, accompanied by the eldest Son of the said Pretender, were ready, and had in part embarked, and actually set Sail, to invade this Kingdom, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, but were then prevented from accomplishing their Design by the wife Precautions of his Majesty, and the good Providence of Almighty God:

And whereas the same Traitors, uftless and indefatigable in the Prosecution of their said wic ked and traiterous Purposes, hoping that the , by the great Superiority of their Numb, rs in , might be able to

invade this Kingdom, and at the same time to prevent the Return of his Majesty's Troops from abroad, for the Defence of the Nation, did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five, encourage the said ekleft Son of the Pretender to his Majesty's Crown to land at that critical Juntture in this Kingdom; who, in pursuance of such Encouragement, did actually land in Scotland, and put hiuifelt at the Head of a large Body of armed Traitors, and cpmmence and carry on, for a considerable time, a cruel, unnatural, and bloody. War against. his Majesty, within this Realm; which has at lust been happily suppressed.

Article I.

Simon Lord Lovat, being a Subject of his said Majesty, One of the said Traitors and Rebels, and conspiring and joining with them in their said traiterous De-ligns, and having withdrawn that due Obedience, Fidelity, and Allegiance, which as a loyal Subject he owed, and of Right ought to bear, to his said present Most Sacred Majesty, the only true, lawful, and undoubted, Sovereign of this Kingdom, his true and natural Lord, did, upon the Thirty-first Day of December in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-three, in the Shire of Inverness, and on the a8th Day ot in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five, in the same Shire, and at divers other Days, Times, and Places, wickedly, maliciously, falsly, and traiterously, compals and imagine the Death of his said Majesty.

Article II.

And, for accomplishing his said wicked and traiterous Purpose, he the said Simon Lord upon the said

Thirty-first Day of December in the said Year One thousand Seven bundled and Forty-three, in the Shire of Inverness aforesaid, did traiterously correl'pond with the said Pretender, obtain and accept a Commission from the said Pretender to be a Lieutenant-General of his Foices, and another Commission from the said Pretender to be General of the Highlanders; and did also accept from the

1746*

k

said Pretender a Patent or Grant importing to create him the said Simon Lord Lovat Duke of; and then

and there did traiterously conspire, and enter into an Association, with many other Traitors, in order to raise a War and Rebellion against his Majesty wit jiin this Realm, and to obtain Troops. Money, and Succours, from France, for that Purpose.

Article III.

And the said Simon Lord Lovat did further falsly and traiterously, at the Times and Place before particularly mentioned, and at other Times and Places, assemble himself with divers other false Traitors and Rebels against our said Sovereign Lord the King, being armed and arrayed in a warlike manner, and did raise, and cause to be raised and assembled, great Numbers of armed Men, his Majesty's Subje&s, for the Service of the said Pretender and his said Son, and arrayed, and caused them to be arrayed, in a warlike manner, against: his Majesty; and did traiterously levy, and cause to be levied, a cruel and unnatural War against his Majesty, within this Realm, at the Times and Places aforesaid, in favour of the said Pretender.

Article IV.

And, for the more effectual bringing his said Treasons and traiterous Designs to Effect, he the said Lord Lovat did, in the Month of November in the said Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five, traiterously compose, write, and fend, and cause to be composed, written, and sent, a treasonable Letter to the said eldest Son of the said Pretender, then in Arms within this Kingdom, and joined by, and at the Head of, great Numbers of his Majesty's Subjects, false Traitors and Rebels against his Majesty, then also in Arms and Rebellion against his Majesty, within this Kingdom: In which Letter he the said Simon Lord , among other Things, expressed the great Pleasure it would give him to end his Days in the Service of the said Pretender's said Son; that he was resolved to send to him his, the said Lord Lovat's, eldest Son to venture his Life in his Service, and deliver up his Clan to him; and further expressed and represented his own great Zeal and Attachment to the said Pretender and his laid Sen, and their Cause and Interest, and the Service he had done, was doing, and intended to do, for the said Pretender and his said Son, with Intent and in order to confirm, animate, and encourage, him the said Pretender, his said Son, his Adherents, and all the other said Traitors, in the Prosecution of their laid Treasons and traiterous Designs.

Article V.

And the said Simon Lord Lovat, in further Prosecution of his said Treasons, did, at the Times and Place before-mentioned, and at divers other Times and Places, after the said War and Rebellion began, and while the same was carrying on, traiterously compose, write, and fend, and cause to be composed, written, and sent, divers other treasonable Letters and Papers to divers falle Traitors then openly in Arms in this Kingdom against his said Majesty, and to divers others of his Majesty's Subjects, and other Persons, to allure them of his own Zeal and firm Attachment to the Cause and Interest of the said Pretender and his laid Son, and to confirm, solicit, excite, and persuade, them to engage in, continue, and prosecute, the said War and Rebellion; and to promise and allure them of his Assistance therein.

Article VI

And, the more effectually to attain the End of his said Treasons and treasonable Designs, the said Lord

Lovat did, at the said Times and Place, and at divers other Times and Places, traiterously aid and assist the said Pictender's said Son, and the said other falle Traitors and Rebels, in the earning on the said Treasons, War, and Rebellion, and furnish and provide them with great Quantities of Arms, Ammunition, Implements of War, Clothes, and other Things, useful and necessary for that Purpose; and also sent his eldest Son. and many of his

N ame,

so Ge6. It. l66 — 170 £15

Name, Family, and Dependents, to the Assistance of the said Pretender's eldest Son, and the said other Kebels; and also gave them Advice, Directions, and Ifcftruffions, in the Prosecution of the said Rebellion.

Article VII.

And the said Simon Lord Lovat further, at the Times and Place aforesaid, and at divers other Times and Places, did unlawfully and traiterously hold, entertain, and keep Intelligence and Correspondence, both in Person, and by Letters, and otherwise, with the said eldest' Son of the said Pretender, well knowing him to be so, and also with divers other Persons, who were employed by the said Pretender's said Son; and particularly with John Murray of Broughton Esqirre, Donald Cameron the elder of Lochiel, Donald Carnet on the younger of,

Alexander Mac Lead, Advocate of John Roy

Stuart, Doctor Archibald Cameron, and divers others: all which Persons were employed by the said eldest Son of the said Pretender in this Kingdom, in the said Rebellion; the said Simon Lord well knowing the y

were so severally employed.

All which said Treafims and Crimes above-mentioned were contrived, committed, perpetrated, acted, and done, by the said Simon Lord Lovat, against our said present Sovereign Lord the King, his Peace, Crown, and Dignity, contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, and against the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom.

Ot all which laid Treasons and Crimes the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefl'es, in Parliament assembled do, in the Name of themselves, and all the Commons of Great Britain.impeach the said Simon Lord Lovat.

Ordered, That the said Articles be read a Second time. Paragraph by Paragraph.

And the same were read accordingly; and, upon the Question severally put upon each Paragraph, were agreed to by Ihe House to be the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason against Simon Lord Lovat.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause for saving Liberty to the Commons t^exhibit any other Articles of Impeachment against said Simon Lord Lovat.

A Clause was offered accordingly; which was read; and is as followeth; viz.

And the said Commons, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any other Accusation or Impeachment against the said Simon Lord Lovat, and also of replying to the Anf-wer which he shall make to the Premises, or any of them, or to any Impeachment or Accusation that shall be by them exhibited, according to the Course and Proceedings of Parliament, do pray, That the said I,ord Lovat be put to anl'wer all and every the Premises j and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Trial, and Judgment, thereupon, may be had and used as shall be agreeable to Law and Justice.

J'he said Clause, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Clause be ingrafted with the said Articles of Impeachment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 17° Decembris;

Anno 20° Georgii IP* Regis, 1746.

PR AVERS.

Lord Lovat'* rT1 H E ingrafted Articles of Impeachment of High impeachment. Treason against Lord Lovat, were read.

Ordered, That Sir iVtliiam Tonge do carry the said Articles of Impeachment to the Lords.

Vol. 25.

A Petition of divers of the Trustees for put ting in Exc-cution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of Road*, his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading and Puntfield, in the County of Berks; and for making the said Act more effectual j and for amending Other Road$ in this Act mentioned; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the said Act several Tolls were granted for repairing the Roads therein mentioned* which have been duly collect!ed, and laid out, for that Purpose, notwithstanding which, the Petitioners have been obliged to borrow one thousand Eight hundred Pounds upon the Credit of the said Act, which still remains unpaid, together with an Arrear of Interest; and which cannot be repaid, and the lloads repaired, without a further Continuance of the said Act, as the same will expire the ift Day of June 1750: And that the several Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act, being upwards of Twenty Miles in Length, the Petitioners, by Experience, find great Inconveniences have happened in executing the Powers given them jointly; which, they apprehend, may be avoided, by appointing separate Trustees for those Parts of the Roads which lead from the Bear Inn in Reading to Seven Mile Stone, and to -field Hatch, and Aldermaston Bridge; and separate Truf-

tees for that Part of the Road which leads from Seven Mile Stone to Speenhamland: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said Act; and for making the same more effectual; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bance, Mr. Vyner, Sir Henry Liddell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Popham, Sir 'Thomas Drury, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Grant, Mr. Legge,

Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Walker, Mr. Wil-kinsion, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Mr. Pturner, Mr. Hayward, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr.

Gore, Mr. OJbaldefion, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Pye, Mr. Shirley, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Montague, Mr. Bre Sir John Rush-

out; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of

Oxon, Berks, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir William Yonge reported, That he had delivered to Lord Lovat's the Lords, and left with their Lordships, the ingrossed impetchment. Articles of Impeachment of High Treason against Simon Lord Lovat.

The House, afccording to Order, resolved itself into i Way* Committee of the whole House, to consider further of *nd Mean*. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. '

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Relblutionsj which they had diredfea him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day

Month*

4

a 16 i y* — 18® Decembris. . 1746.

Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of Ways and Means for 'Jo'vis, 18* die DecettlbrtS J

railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. J

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

The other Order of the Day being read j p

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- "layers.

ing next, resolve itfejf into a Committee of the whole ORDERED, That Mr. Weir have Leave to go' House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Majesty. Occasions.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Mr. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their ®f Privileges, Elections be adjourned. Address to his Majesty,

*c- Surplufl'es stated at Lady-Jay 1746: And also.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1746.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. And the Titles of the said Surplufl'es were read.

The laid Surplufl'es are as followeth j viz.

Leave of Absence.

Surplusses*

VOL.

SUHPLUSSES Rated at Lady-Jay 1746.

The EXCESS or SURPLUS of the several Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, establKhed by several Acts of Parliament, of the ift, 5th, and 6th Years

of his late Majesty's Reign, for answering the Payments therein expressed \ viz.

<u

a

o

cu

Z3

VO

-I'

-4 —

C5

o.

"O

«e 6

£ § r* a

c

X fi

Sf

w CO

c J:

-S s

S a 2* 3

o w

w a

c

rS

fr

C

O

s

IH

Dr.

House Money first granted, 7* Regis -

J-ds Tonnage and Poundage ——

Arrears of the Duties on Coffee.Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24th June 1724; and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures, and Mullins ——

Arrears of the increased Duties on Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24th June 1724; and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures ——

A Moiety of the Inland Duty of is.per Lib.on Coffee.fi nee 24th7«»ei724

D* - - - - of 1/. per Lib. and £.25 per Cent, on Tea,

since 24th June 1745 ——

The Inland Duty of is. 6d. per Lib. on Chocolate, since 24th June 1724 Further Rates on white Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage - - - -

Surplus of the other Moiety above £.80,000 per Annum for Annuities -Additional Duty on French Wines and Merchandizes -

Plantation Duties ——

Duties on Hops ——

Duties on Brandy since Michaelmas 1736 -

D* - on Low Wines since D° -

D* - on British Spirits since D° ——

D# - on Spirits imported since D° ——

Surplus of the 9 d.Excise, granted for 99 Years D' -

D'

D D D D

i» -

of the yths 9 d.Excite -

of the yths 9 d.Excise - - - - r

of the £.3,700 per Week Excise -

of the Revenues in Annuity Acts, 40 5" et 6° Anna of the Lottery Fund, Anno 1710 of the Annuity Fund, Anno 1710

Publick Monies brought into the Exchequer since Michaelmas 1715,

appropriated by an Act, i® Georgii iBl Page 301; viz

Duty on foreign Sail-cloth -ift 4s.Aid, Anno 1693 14th zs. Aid, Anno 1735.

19th 4J. Aid, Anno 1741 2ill 4 s.Aid, Anno 1743

74

114

3co

400

17.3*3

s.

10

d.

9»

7*

7 11

47>5*8

17.554

s.

3

*7

d. 11 8

436 19 7

7*327 It S

46,146 7 5

5*!5° 2 4

3 12 (1

7.39° 5 6

690 4 8}

60 — —

1,092 12 8i

78.033 5 3

22,1 16 14 7

35.169 13 6

1,788 5 7*

i°»35> 6 2

6,305 17 5

15.9H 4 101

21,679 17 9l

8,879 18 2

18,271 19 4I

351,889 a — i

Cr.

By Payments charged on the Aggregate Fund by Acts of Parliament; viz. By the Bank of England on their Annuity of £.20,000, being the Remainder of

£.80,000 per Annum for cancelling Two millions in Exchequer Bills, for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746, pursuant to the Act 11 i"‘,

Page 2x 3, 20 Georgii 2*', Page 81, and 1i® Georgii 2*, Page 649 By the South-Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £. 4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.370,004 12J. o to which the Sum of £.441,700 subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.71,695 8r. o d.fora proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.500,000 contributed on the First Lottery 1719) for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746 Towards the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, for £.

the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746, by the Ad i®

Georgii 2il, Page 8 ----- -- 60,000 ——

More on £.70,000 per Annum from Michaelmas 1736, in lieu of the Duties on Low Wines, Strong Waters, tsV. pursuant to the Act 9° Georgii i4i. Page 386, for the same Half Year 35,000-

By the South Sea Company, to discharge Annuities, at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of£.706,754. i8r. 5^. to which the Sum 0^.843,702. is. id. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.136,947. 3J. 3<7. for a proportional Part of£. 6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of£.1,079,000 contributed for' Annuities, Anno 1715) for the Half Year, ended at 1746-

By the Officers of the Exchequer Bill-Office, on their Salaries for the Half Year, ended Lady-day 1746 ——

By the Ullier of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for Necessaries By the South-Sea Company, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746, on £.495. i8r. o^d.per Annum, being such Part of£.9,884. xor. 6|

Residue of £.12,000 per Annum, allowed them for Charges of Management,

on Subscriptions, by the Act 6° Georgii i"‘, as is chargeable on this Fund -By the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the on their.reduced Annuity of £.128,000, payable to them from Michaelmas 1730, being after the Rate of £.4 per Cent, per Annum on the said Company's Capital of £.3,200,000 for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746, pur-, suant to the Act 3* Georgii a*', Page 452 ——

‘By the South-Sea Company, to make good the Deficiency of their original Fund, in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746, pursuant to the Adt3® Georgii zd‘ Page 450 and 451, carried to the Account of the said Fund, Folio 2

By the Excels or Surplus which, at or before Lady-day 1746, did arise by the Duties, composing the Aggregate Fund, per Contra (over and above all Monies then due or payable, to discharge the several Annuities, and ether Allowances and Payments, directed by Acts of Parliament to be satisfied out of the fame) which Excess or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4,

10,000 — ____

7 1 10

95,000 ——

14,135 1 11*

325 ——

47 4 10

247 19

64,000 — — '

47,069 4 Hi

238,224 12. 7

ft.

113,664 9

35.1,889 a- —

20 Geo. 11. 18° Decembris.

V

K>

t — i

00

2.

An ACCOUNT of such Duties or Revenues, Part of the South-Sea Company's Fund, as were established by Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 5 th Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for

answering Payments to the South-Sea Company, and others, in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746; viz.

K> *5

V

w-o > -a 2 £

Is

*C

t >0

Dr.

For Impof!: on Wines and Vinegar

Impost on Tobacco -

Impost on East India Goods -

Additional Impositions -

Additional Whale-fins -

Duty on Candles since ift May 1715 -

Apprentice Duty since Ditto

To the Deficiency in this Half Year, made good out of the Aggregate Fund, as per Account, Folio i. pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that Behalf

s. d.

26,914 6 ni

27^44 1 7

25,898 T3 2

7,887 11 8

I»795 18 a*

32>49° 15 5i

1,686 14 10

123,818 1 ,oii

47,069 4 mj

170,887 6 IO

' Cr.

By the South-Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £. 4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £. 8,376,830. 7*. 7 to which their original Capital of £. 10,000,000 is reduced, by abating from the same 1,623,169. 12 4 for a proportional Part of £. 6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the fame', and is for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746 -

By D° Company, on £. 6,70 r. 9 s.^{d. pe , for Charges of Management, to which their Allowance of £. 8,coo per Annum was reduced, on Repayment to the said Company of £ 6,500,000 as aforesaid, and is for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746 ——

V

r. d.

167,536 12 1}

3 >3 5

o 14

8-i

170,887 6 10

00

at

a

O

O

o§

K

Mt

PS

g

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

!<', Page were charged towards making good a general yearly Fund of jT. 754,849. 6s. xo'rd.

to

The Produce, at the Exchequer, of the Duties and Revenues which, by an Act 3* ^Overplus arileth over and above all the Monies which then or before became due or

with the Deficiency thereof, and the Overplus of the same General Fund, dated at jLaay~aay

payable, according to subsequent Acts, out of the said Duties, Revenues, or General Fund.

*? *5 S3

:is

><2

bm Vk-

f 2

T. 0-

5-f

sj

S*

fc2

Dr.

f Subsidy on Goods exported to Lottery 1711, < per Chaldron on Coals -( Additional Duty on Caudles

S Hackney Coaches and Chairs New Stamp Duties -/*. 700 per Week, Letter Money Duty on Hides and Skins -

JT. 10 Lottery 171* { on Paper I I

Additional Duty on Hides -Duty on Wire and Staich -Policies of Insurance -Class Lottery 1712./ A Moiety of the Duty of qs. per Lib. on Coffee -D°' — " — of 15. per

£. ,. i.

v

Lib. and per Cent, ou Tea 46,146

15,038 13 61

36,604 14 6ii

3M9 15 si J

3^80 — - )

4^io l6

17,5<x> — -

45»8*i 3 5 J

51.943 »5 7 ]

13,533 4 J

46,4^4 I7 a]

5,033 6 8*

*,597 n 3 \

7,3*7 14 5*/

46,146 7 J

74»l34

1.

d.

l 6

| 64,476

>9 9

d.

*3 5

*6,589 — n|

Hereditary Excise, payable out of £. 3,700 per Week for Bankers Annuities 10,947 J7 9

3i5>44° — 3*

Tothe Complement forcompleating the General Fund of£.724,849.61. lojd.

per 'Annum fer the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 174 6, to bejnade good 46,984 13 if

£ 3^4-24 13 5

Cr.

By Pyrments charged on the General Fund by A Act of Parliament? viz.

By the South Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cent. on the principal Sum of £6,977,305. 17s. 8d. to which the Sum of£.8.329,491. it. id. subscribed into their Capital, Is reduced, by abating from the same £. t»3SL9fc5-4* 5 d. for a proportional Part of £ 6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capita), and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £ 9.534»357- *3* 1 *?d. to which the Proprietor* of the Orders in the Four Lotteries, 1711 and 17 m, and the Debt due 10 certain Baukers, and others, were intitled) for the Half Year, ended at ILffdy day 1746 -

By D* Company, to discharge Annuitiesat £. 4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £ 647,052. 125.9 d, lo which the Sum of £.748,555. 19s. jjd. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 141,503. 6s. 8d. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £. 947,514. 7s. 8d. to which the Proprietors of certain Tallies of Sol were intitled, that were (truck at the Exchequer, to make good certain Deficiencies, /Inno 1716) for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746 ——

By D* Company, to discharge Annuities uX£.\perCent.ow the principal Sum of£.i,o 14,460. 10#. od. to which the Sum of £. 1,210,794. 13#. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.196,534. 3*. 8J. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Corn-pan), for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the fume (being the Remainder of £.1,603,987. 85. 1 Jd. to which the Proprietors of certain Army Debentures, made forth to the 4llt of March 1719, were intitled) for the Half Year, ended at Lady-

d'ty i74'j.....-

By I>° Company, to discharge Annuities at£. 4 perCent. on the principal Snui of £.90,304.145. -\d. to which the Sum of £. 107,802. 175. 4d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £. 17,498. 45. 8\cL for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of£.i 10,314. 17*. 4d. to which the Proprietors of certain Taflies of Sol were intitled, that were (truck For the Service of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof) for the Half Year ended at Lady-day 1746 - - - - -

By D° Company, and the(jovernor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, for the flail*Year, ended at Lidy-dav 1746, on £.4,010. 195. 3d.ster Antiurn; being InchPaitot £.9,884. 105. 6|d per Annum, Kefidue of £.14,000 per Anrtvm, allowed them for Charges of Management on Subscriptions, by the A&T>°GVor"ii l"l, as is chargeable on this Fund -

for the fjalf Year, ended at Lady-day 1746

Balance is, the Overplus which, at or before Lady-day 1746, did arise by the said General Fund, in this Half Year, when the Sum of £.46,984! 135. 1 \d. per Contra shall be made good (over and above sufficient to satisfy all Annuities, and other Sums, due or payable out of the fame) which Excess or Overplus is carried to the Sinking Fund* Folio 4 -

5.

- 139*54$ *

1 — I

40,485

4 4

r,8o6-

lo

4,005 9 7 i

567 6

170»751

4i

4 J

185,673 g

V

40 Geo. II. 18* Decembris

g

(O'

l-h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -

Dr.

To Surplus Monies unapplied at Michaelmas 1745, zb per Account thereof, for the Half Year, then ended....

49>*53 *8

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746; ri*. j£*

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - 113*664 9 5i

Surplus of the General Fund, when the Sum of ^'.46,984, 13s. being the Complement to £362,424. 135. 5<b shall be made good, brought from Account,

Fob 3.....185,673 8

299,337 l7 6

To Monies granted out of the Supplies 1746, for the Purposes following, per Act 19° Georgii 2-i, Page 508; riz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to £. s. d. make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Chrijmas 1744 ----- -- 8,367 9 to

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1745 - - - *3,793 3 5

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to answer half a Year's Ioterefi, due at Michaelmas 1745, after the Rate of £.3. 10s. per Cent. per Annum, on the principal Sum of £1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753,-towards the Supply of the Year 1745 - - - 17,500

- 39,660 13

338,99! 10

in

a

50

*0

r

r:

10

w

i-

388,551 9

This being the Seven and Fortieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9* Georgii i

4-

Per Contra

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmas 1745, being after the Rate of ,£,3 per Cent, on the principal Sum of ,£.600,000 lent on the Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Ad 9* Georgii 2", Page 492, in that Behalf ——

By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the said Annuities By Half a Year's Annuity, dhe at Lady-day 1746, being after the Rate of £,3 per Cent. on the principal Sum of £.300,600 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Ad n* Georgii act. Page 642, in that Behalf ——

By the Uftier of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying these Annuities -By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmas 1745, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, on the principal Sum of ,£.800,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Ad 15' Georgii Page 600 and 601,

in that Behalf....

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Allowance for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf ——

By Cash, taken to answer Half a Year's Interest, due at Lady-day 1746, being after the Rate of £.3. ioi. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.\,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt-Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Ad 180 Georgii 2dl; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 9! 2, in that Behalf ——

By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp-Duties, at Christmas 1745, pursuant to the Ad 40 Georgii 2di, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page

464.....'.....-

By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Christmas 1745, pursuant to the Ad *8° Georgii 2di, in that Behalf; to answer Annuities on single Lives, and other Annuities, at £, % per Cent, on ,£.2,000,000 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 358 By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 6d, per Ounce on wrought Plate, at Lady-day 1746, pursuant to the Ad 6° Georgii 1®*, Page 294, in that Behalf -By Cash, taken in full of £. 800,000 for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Ad 180 Georgii 2di, Page 558, in that Behalf -By Cash, taken in Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1746, pursuant to the Ad 190 Georgii ad*, Page 495, in that Behalf -

Balance at Lady-day 1746, is the Deficiency of the General Fund in this Half Year (as per Contra) to be made good..... ....

Cr.

£. d.

9,000 ——

17 — 10

4»5°o ——

4‘ »7 5

12,000 ——

225 — —

17,500 ——

7.978 8 4

19.775 t n 5>+0» 15 9}' 7‘i.357 i» 5h 192,210 —

341,266 16 4j

46,984 is iJ

388,251 9 6

Pag* 3®7>« humbly prafented, this 18th Day of December 1746, by me.

J. Scrope.

220 18* Decembris. 174

g

eg'

I —

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

t*

<-T\

SURPLUSSES Bated at Michaelmas 1716,

The EXCESS or SURPLUS of the several Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, commonly called the Aggregate Fund* eflabl'shed by several Adl» of Parliament, of the ift, 5th,

and 6th, Years of his laic Majesty's Reign, for answering the Payments therein expressed;

£ 1. d

38»39° 5 6

47.926 6 11

447 18 4

3,000 6

8.327 10 10I

69,927 10 li

4,903 19 4

3,000 — —

18,629 15 -j

456 5 10?

930 4

32,581 13 7

70.543 19 81

32,233 10 *»1

48,057 15 *1

1,215 7 10

10,730 19 8

8,810 12 1

74‘ 5 11

23,3‘i 4 ioi

29,743 4*

40.274 12 54

19,847 — —

a

o

n

-o

0/ -

to % fis

C

5

r

- Dr.

Iloufe Money, first granted 7® IF"- Regis -yds Tonnage and Poundage - -

Arrears of the Duties on Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24th June 1724, and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pidurcs, and Muffins -Arrears of the increased Duties on Coffee. Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24th June 1724 and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures A Moiety of the Inland Duty of 2*. per Lib. on Coffee, ft nee 24th June 1724 D° - -- -- - of u.perLib. and£ .^perCent. onTea, fineethe 24th June 1745

The Inland Duty of w. 6d per Lib. on Chocolate, since the 24th June 1724 Further Rates on while Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs HalfSubfidy of Tonnage and Poundage -Surplus of the other Moiety above £.80,000 for Annuities Additional Duty oft French Wines and Merchandizes Plantation Duties- - -

Duties on Hops -

Duties on Brandy, since Michaelmas 1736 D° — on Low Wines, since D®

D° - - on British Spirits, since D° -D° - - on Spirits imported, since D®

Surplus of the 9//. Excise, granted for $9 Year D° - - of theyths 9d. Excise D° - - of the 4ths9</. Excise

D° - - of the £.3,700 per Week Excise D° - - of the Revenues in Annuity Acts, 4°, 50 et 6° Annas

D°- - of the Fund for Lottery, 1710 -D*- - of the Annuity Fund, 1710

Publick Homes brought into the Exchequer, after Michaelmas 1715, appropriated by an

Ad, i° Georgii 1^, Page 301. riz.

Duty on foreign Sail-cloth -Arrears of the 18th 4s. Aid, Anno 1740 I)° - - 19th 4s. Aid, Anno 1741

D® - - - 20th 4*. Aid, Anno 1742

D° - - - 2iff 4gS. Aid, Anno 1743

120

39

;, R8i

65 6 386

3.

2

15

16 8 8

d.

4i

7

*1

7

8

5,085 11 11

5*8>h7 13 7l

Cr.

By Payments charged on the Aggregate Fund by Acts of Parliament; viz.

By the Bank of England, on their Annuity of £.20,000, being the Remainder of £ 80,000 per Annum for cancelling £.2,000,000 in Exchequer Bills, for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746, pursuant to the Ad 11° Georgii in*, Page 213; 2° Georgii 2di, Page 81; and 11° Georgii 2dl, Page 649 - ~

By the South Scu Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £370,004. 12s. od. to which the Sum of £.441,700 subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.71,695. 8*. od. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000, repaid to the said Company, for redeeming lb much of their whole Capita), and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.500,000, contributed on the First Lottery 1719) for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas ,746 - -

Towards the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, for the Half Year, ended £. s. d.

at Michaelmas 1746, by the Ad 1° Georgii 2di, Page 8 - 60,000-

More on £.70,000 per Annum from Michaelmas 1736, in lieu of the Duties on Low Wines and Strong Waters, <3jc. pursuant to the Ad 9* Georgii 2d', page 386, for the same Half Year ----- -- 35,000---

By the South-Sea Company, todischarge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.706,754. i8i. fyd. to which the Sum of£.843,702. l*. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.136,947. 35. jd. fora proportional Part of £.6,500,000, repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their w hole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.1,079,000, contributed for Annuities, Anno 1715) for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746 .

By the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746 ——

By the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries ——

By the Sheriffs of England and Wales, on £.4,000 per Annum per Ad 30 Georgii i*1, for the Year, ended Michaelmas 1746 ——

By the South-Sea Companjf, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746, on £.495. i8». o\d. per Annum being such Part of £,9,884. 1 os. 6 ^d. per Annum Residue of £.12,000per Annum all >wed them for Charged of Management on Subscriptions, by the Ad 6° Georgii iml, as is chargeable on this Fund By the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the E tjl Indies, on their reduced Annuity of£. 128,000, payable to them from Michaelmas 1730, being after the Rate of £.4 per Cent, per Annum on the said Company* Capital of £.3,200,000 for the Half Year, ended at Michaelwas 1746, pursuant to the Ad 30 GtorgiV 2dl, Page 452 ——

By lb much of the Sum of £.7,237. 18s. 3\d. beinir a Medium of the annual Income of the Duties on rough and undressed Flax, taken off* by the Ad 40 Georgii 2dl, as was made good to the several publick Creditors at Midsummer 17 6, the remaining Sum of£.1,861. 9s. being applicable to the Funds com poling this Aggregate Fund, before the Duties on rough and undressed Flax were repealed, is therefore not charged hereupon ——

By so much of the Sum of £.7,164. 14*. 9d. being a Medium of the annual Income of the Duties upon Woollen and Bay Yarn imported from Ireland, taken off by the Ad 1*2° Georgii 2dl, from the iff Day of May 1740, as was made good to the New Subsidy, being a Blanch of his Majesty's Civil L;.ff Revenues, for the Year terminated the iff Day of May 1746, the remaining Sum of £.4,776. 9s. lod. being applicable to the Funds composing this Fund, before the said Duties w'ere repealed, is therefore not charged hereupon ——

By I. is Royal Highness William Duke of Cumberland, on his Annuity of £.25,000, by the Ad 19° Georgii 2dl, Page 479 and 480, Haifa Year due at Michaelmas 1746 -

By the Excess or Surplus which, at or before Michaelmas 1746, did arise by the Duties composing the Aggregate Fund (per Contra over and above all Monies then due or payable, to dist harge the several Annuities, and other Allowances and Payments, directed by Acts of Parliament to be satisfied out of the fame) which Excels or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, polio 4.. -

10,000 —

,400 1 10*

95>oo9 —

H*i35 1 ui

3*5 ——

72 11 8

4,000 ——

*47. 19 —

64,000 ——

5.3/6 8

2,3sr 4. iu 12,500 ——

215.445 8

312,672 5 61,

5!8, U7

Geo. II. 18° t)e( 41

O

cq"

n‘

CD CL

cr

o

o

i.

The EXCESS or SURPLUS of such Duties or Revenues, Part of the South-Sea Company's Fund, as were established by Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 5th Years of his late MajestyV

Reign, for answering Payments to the South-Sea Company, and others; which Excess or Surplus is here Hated at Michaelmas 1746; viz.

fc a,

l|

21

ii

m w

'Ssd

ji:

as 1

S

Dr.

For Impost on Wines and Vinegar Impost on Tobacco Impost on East India Goods Additional Impositions -

Additional Duty on Whale-fins Duty on Candles since ift May 1715 Apprentice Duty since D®

Tofo much of the Sum of £.7,137. i8r. being a Medium of the annual Income of the Duties on rough and undressed Flax, taken off by the Act 4° Georgii 2di, as would have been applied to this Fund, had not these Duties been repealed, and is therefore made good to the fame, out of the Sum of £.5,376, 8j. yd. charged on the Aggregate Fund, a Account Folio 1 ——

£ s. d.

57»338 9 2*

a5>3* *5 9i

34.a47 *9 1

16,867 3 *oi

3>*22 *4 1

30. *73 10 2

2,236 — 5

169,297 12 7i

2,097 *5 H

*7*395 8 4

Cr.

By the South-Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.8,376,830. 7 s.j^d. to which their original Capital of £.10,000,000 is reduced, by abating from the same £.1,623,169. i2r. 4 for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the lame, and is for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746

By D® Company, on £.6,701. 9 s.4 \d.per Annum, for Charges of Management, to which their Allowance of £.8,000 per Annum was reduced, on Payment to the said Company of £.6,500,000 as aforesaid, and is for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746 - -

By the Excess or Surplus which, at or before Michaelmas 1746, did arise by the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Revenues, per Contra (over and above sufficient to satisfy all Payments chargeable thereupon) which Excels or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4 -

I-

d.

167,536 12 ii

3*35° *4 H

170,887 6 10

508 1 6

*7 *>395 8 4

3

o

222 i8° Decenibris. A. 1746.

The PRODUCE, at the Exchequer, of the Duties and Revenuts which, by an Act 3* Georgii i*1. Page 303, were charged towards making good a general yearly Fund of £.724,84.9. 6s.

with the Deficiency thereof, and the Overplus of the same General Fund, dated at Michaelmas 1746 j which Overplus ariseth over and above all the Monies which then or before became due or payable, according to subsequent Acts, out of the said Duties, Revenues, or General Fund.

o

CQ*

1 — h"

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

O

FT

x

~ '5

e .-

5$

*5

cr.2

a a

M "o

wr

£.10 Lottery 1711

Dr.

Subfuly on Goods exported is. per Chaldron on Cnals Additional Duty on Candles

3 / 3 \

« "o

c-g

y

8-

33

r Hackney Coaches and Chairs

Class Lottery

( Duty oh Hides and Skins -

{Additional Duty on Hides -Duty on Wire and Starch -Polit ies of lnfuraiice A Moiety of the Duty of 2s. per Lib. on Coflee ... D* - - - -of is. per

Hereditary Excise, payable out of £.3,700 per Week for Bankers Annuities

£. i. d. £ t. d.

17,871 11 > ]

4f>,479 9 y 94.55* 9 4i

30,101 8 *>» . \

2,830 — — 1 1:

8,665 18,900 9 4 1 I 84,819 7 -I

54»+*3 *7 h\ 1

67,5 »7 >4.073 4 1 j 81,590 4 '

31 >637 1 3 ] I

6,205 8 5

2,210 8.3*7 11 10 1 10J > 118,308 3" )

10

69,9*7 10 7

d.

363424 13 5

Deduct to make good the Deficiency of this Fund in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1746 ——

,>And then the Complement for completing the General Fund of £.724,849 6s. 1 o\d. per Annum for the Year, ended at Atichaclmas 1746, to be made good by Parliament; ii - -....

5 3*

Cr.

By Payments charged on the General Fund by A Act of Parliament; viz.

By the South-Sea'Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per'Ont. «in the primipal Sum of '£.6.077,305. I7C- to which the Sum of £.8,320,291. is. id. subscribed into ih>. 11 Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.1,35 1,985.41. $d. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid 10 the said Company, for redeeming h» much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.9,334.357. 13*. n^d. to which the Proprietors of the Orders in the Four Lottrr.es, 1711 and 171 2, and the Debt due to certain bankers, and others, were intitled) for the Halt Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746 ....

By D®Company, to discharge Annuities at £.^per Cent. on the principal Sum of £.627,052. 1 is. yd. to which the Sum of £.748,555. 19*. 5d. luhscribed into their C apital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.121,503. 6s. 8d. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (hethe Remainder of £.947,514 7s. 8d. to which the Proprietor* of certain Tallies of Sol were intitled, that were stru* !; at the Exchequer, to make good sundry Deficiencies, Anno 1716)

for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746....

By D°C i.pany, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cm/, on the principal Sum of£.1,014,260.10s. od. to which the Sum of £.1,210.792. 131. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.196,532. 3*. 8d. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 icpiid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.1,603,987. 8s. \{d. to which the Proprietors of certain Army Debentures, made forth to the 21st March 1719, were intitled) for the Half Year, ended at ML chncl mas 1746 ——

By D° Company, to difehrirge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.90,304. 12s. 7J d. to which the Sinn of £.107,802. 17s. 4d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.17,498. 4s 8\d. fora proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being th Remainder of £.110,312. 17s. 4d. to which the Proprietors of certain Tallies of Sol were intitled, that were struck for the Service of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof) for the Half Year, ended at M ichatlmns 1746 -

By D® Company, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746, on £.4,010. 195. 3d. per Annum; being such Part of £.9,884. 10*. 6\d. per Annum, Retidue of £.12,000 per Annum, allowed them for Charges of Management on Subscriptions, by the Act 6° Georgii iml, as is chargeable on this Fund -By the Sufferers of Nei'is and Sr. Chr.stophers, for Annuities, at the Rate of £.3 per Cent, for and upon the principal Sum of £37,8*21. 5s. 1 {d. Residue of £.141,093. 15s. 1 id. contained in Orders for Debenbures, made forth by the Commissioners for Affairs of Trade and Plantations, for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1746 -

Balance is the Overplus which, at or before Michaelmas 1746, did arise by the said General Fund, in this Half Year, when the Sum of £.10,211. 5s. 3 Jd. per Contra shall be made "ood by Parba-ment (over and above sufficient to satisfy all Annuities, and other Sums, due and payable out of the fame) which Excels or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4 -

£. ,. d.

*39*546 *

12,541 1 — J

20,285 4 2

1,806 1 10

2,005 9

567, 6 4}.

*76,751 5

*85,673 g — J 362,424 13 5

h>

W

'SUtjtU3)3(J Qg I '|I 030 05

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -

TV Surplus Monies unapplied at Lady-day 1746, as Account for the Half Year then ended ——

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at £. d,

Michaelmas 1746; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1. ----- - 312,672 5 6|

Surplus of the South Sea Company's Fund, brought

from Account, Folio 2. t 508 I 6

- Dr.

c c 46,984 I

x.

3

d,.

Surplus of the General Fund, when the Sum of £.10,211. 5X. 3 \d.being the Complement to /. 724,849. 6s. 10 $d.shall be made good by Parliament, brought from Account, Folio 3 -

185,673 8 of

49M53 *5 -f

D

cq'

r — h

n‘

CD

Q_

CT

o

o

1

545,838 8 2

This being the Eight-and-fortieth Half Yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9° ial

Per Contra - - _, - - Cr.

*> Half a Year's Annuity due at Midsummer 1746, being after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum 600,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 9® 2dl, Page 492, in that Behalf -

By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the said Annuities - -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Michaelmas 1746, being after the Rate of£. 3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of 300,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 11* Georgii 2dl, Page 642, in that Behalf By Haifa Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1746, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of800,000, lent on Creditof this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 15* Georgii 2dl, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf By the Governor and Company of the Bank of for Half a Year's Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf -By Cash, taken to answerHalf a Year's Interest, due at 17 46, being

after the Rate of £. 3. ior. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000, lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Act 180 Georgii 2d‘; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf -By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1746, to answer 3 per Cent, per Interest on£. 500,000

charged thereupon, pursuant to the Act 10® Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351 By Cash, taken to make good the Deficiency of additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1746,pursuant to the Act 18° Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf; to answer Annuities on Angle Lives, and other Annuities, at

charged thereupon; whichSum is to be replaced to the Sinking F und, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act,

Page 358 - *....

By Cash, taken in further Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1746, pursuant to the Act 19° Georgii 2dl, Page 495, in that Behalf ——

Balance at Michaelmas 1746, is the Deficiency of the General Fund,

1746, to be made good by Parliament ——

c

c

s. d.

9,000 — — 93 16 n£

4,300

12,000 — —

225 ——

17,500 ——

3*910 — Si

29,918 15 io{.

448,479 9

535,627 2 lof:

10,211 5 3i

545,838 8 a

Page 367, is humbly presented* this 18th Day Dttmhit 1746, by me,

y» Strops

224 180 Decembris. A. 1746;

20 Geo. II. i8° — -190 — 23d

Ordered, That the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Piftemper Sir John Crejfe presented to the House, accordirtg to Order, a Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in *n e* the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Way* Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the and Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his PI ace; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Rofolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply grantee': to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Millons be raised by transfem' I.: Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum; and that an additional Capital ot Ten Pounds be added to every One hundred Pounds advanced; the Interest of the whole to commence from Michaelmas 1747; that every Subscriber shall, on or bdorc the 24th Day of December instant, make a Deposit of Ten Pounds per Cent, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England; and every Subscriber paying in the Whole, or any Part of his Money, at or before the Time or respective Times that shall be appointed for the Payment thereof, I'uch Sub-ftriber shall be allowed Interest, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Cent, per Annum from the Time of the actual

Payment thereof to Michaelmas next.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Decembris ;,

Anno 20° Georgii IP* Regis, 1746.

Praters.

Answer to TV/I R- Comptroller reported to the House, That their Aildref* for JLv A Adresscs ot Monday last, that his Majesty would

Account*. bc graciously pleased to give Directions, that the several r Accounts therein mentioned might be laid before this

House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell have Leave so go abroad, Absence. for the Recovery of his Health.

Whitchurch Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ififue his Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Whit church, in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Selwyn junior, Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Paymaster of Iris Majesty's Marines.

Wpoluion The Lord Limerick presented to the House, according of Prize*, to Order, a Bill for reserving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Vol. 25.

j 'Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

.A Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in Distempef last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable1 Cattle! his Majesty to make Rules.Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the lime more effectual j was read' a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rlfolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning nexti resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,' upon the said Bill.

The House being informed. That John Mills, One of E'Wikfc*. the Persons complained of upon the 25th Day of November last, for arresting Roderick Martin, a. menial Servant of Normand MLeod Esquire, a Member of this House, had made Submission and Satisfaction to the said Member;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon jo much of the said Complaint as relates to the said John Mills.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the rest of the Matter of the said Complaint (which was to have been heard before them this Night) upon Wednesday the 18th Day of Ft* bruary next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Mom- . itig next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?, 2 2° die Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii IlJi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Grand Jury, Clergy, *nd Newcastle Freeholders, of the County of upon Tyne

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Road* the High Road from the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne to the Town of Belford, and from thence to-Buck ton Burn, in Northumberland, is the High Post Road from London to Edinburgh; and, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, is become so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pass along the fame, without great Danger; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be made for raising Money, to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting a Turnpike or Turnpikes between the said Town of Newcastle upon Tjue and, the said Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn; and for levying such Tolls and Duties, towards; the Repairs of the said Road, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IVm. MiSir Henry Liddell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Murray, Mr. Brereton, Sir John Cufl, Mr. H'ilkirifon, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Sir John Crosse, Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Cotnpton, Sir Robert , Mr. Powlett,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. George Fox, Mr.

Mr. Shepheard, Sir James Lozvther, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Harris, Mr. Scott, Sir John Philipps,

Mr. West, Mr. H. Finch, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Cole-brooke, Lord Limtrick, Mr. Vert, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

3 M;

1

226 22° — 23° Decembris. — 129 Januarii. A, 1746.

Brookjbank; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, and Turk; and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber': And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Regulating Ordered> That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Militia, better regulating the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England: And that Mr. Sir John

Cud, Mr. Sydenham, the Lord Strange, and Sir James Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Three Weeks, iefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Dfftemper Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three

snongCattle. Weeks, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 23* Decembris;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746. Pbayees.

Lord Lovtt's 0 RDE RE D, That the Committee appointed to impeachmeat. draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence against Simon Lord Lovat, impeached of High Treason, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Ajourn-jnents of the House.

9. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the Trial of Vice-Admiral after closing

the Evidence.

10. Copy of the Sentence upon Vice-Admiral

Lejlock, dated the 3d of June 1746.

11. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the

Trial of Admiral Mathews, after closing the Evidence.

12. Copy of the Sentence upon Thomas Mathews

Esquire, dated the 22d 1746.

13. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the Trial

of Captain Cooper, after closing the Evidence.

14. Copy of the Sentence upon Captain Thomas

Cooper, dated 12 November 1746.

15. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the

Trial of Captain Lloyd, after his Admission of tire Charge.

Copy of the Sentence upon Captain James Lloyd, dated 13 November 1746.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered >That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session*

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William -

fan. Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black-Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Royal Atfat his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty Bilk was pleased to give the Royal Afient to One publick Bill; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of thO Year 1747.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr, Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Tax. for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven, without any Amendment: And also,

Waiohouse', The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Name, enable Richard IVainkonfe, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to the Will of Christopher Emmott Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Proceeding* Mr. George Grenville, from the Commissioners for of Court- executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great CapTetwfcc Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address p t>^C‘ to his Majesty,

N° 1. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the Trial of Captain Rett, after closing the Evidence.

2. Copy of the Sentence upon Captain

dated the 27th November 1745.

3. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the Trial

of Captain Dilke, after closing the Evidence.

4. Copy of the Sentence upon Captain William

Dilke, dated the 5th December 1745.

5. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the Trial

of Captain West, after doling the Evidence.

6. Copy of the Sentence upon Captain 'Temple i,

dated 13th De 1745.

7. Proceedings of the Court-martial upon the Trial

of Captain Sclater, after closing the Evidence.

8. Copy of the Sentence upon Captain Geo.Sclater,

dated 2.0 th. December 174$.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Fortnight, the 12th Day of January next, Nino of the Clock in the Morning.

Lunce, 12° die Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before Account* this House, an Account of the Charge of the Tranf- ordered, port Service, for the Year 1746.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Expence of the victualling his Majesty's Land Forces between the ill of January 1745; and the 31st of December 1746.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt of his Majestyrs Navy, as it stood at Christmas last, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Lady-day 1746, of the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, foF satisfying the Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign. 1 Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas I74^» of the additional Impost on Wines imported, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of the 18th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass and Glass Wares, and on Spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the 14 several

Account rev specting the Civil List Revenue!.

20 Geo. II.

11* Janu

several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, at 1746, for

paying not only the Annuities at the Exchequer of the Annuities commonly called the Annuities Second Act 1708, but also the Annuity and Charges of Management to the South-Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capital of the said Annuities.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of what remained to be paid to satisfy, to Christmas 1746, the Annuity payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in respect to the Sum of One million Two hundred Fifty thousand Pounds, by them lent upon an Act of the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, on Credit of the Surplus of the Fund for the Lottery, Anno 1714.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, An Account of the several Duties on Houses for Five Years, to Michaelmas 1746, distinguishing each Year, and how the same are appropriated.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at 1746, of

the additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the 16th Year of his Majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Incumbrances to that time.

The House being informed, That Mr. , Accomptant-General of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, a Paper, intituled, Excise — An Account of the Gross Produce of that Part of the Civil List Revenue, with all Deduc-

2 27

lions for Charges of Management, Or oft any other Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, from Midsummer 1739, to 1746,

with an Account of the Net Produce Of the fame, distinguishing each Year, and what hath been paid since, of the Produce of the said YeaA, and what Arrears are still (landing out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read:

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Seffiom

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Orkney, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ-

electing of a Commissionerto serve in this present Parliament for the Stewartry of Orkney and Zetland, in the room of the Honourable Robert Douglas Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wainhouse's to enable Richard Wain house, and his Heirs Male, to Name, take and use the Surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to the Will of Christopher Emmott Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Vere Beauclork, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of his MajestyV Navy, for the Year 1747.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the Abstract thereof is as followeth j vix.

Navy

Estimate.

ABSTRACT of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1747.

N*

1.

3-

4-

5-

6.

7-

8.

9

10.

11.

12.

*3-

74*

*3-

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy, with Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, and Contingencies relating the reto

Superannuated Sea Officers -

Pensions and other Allowances - -

Chatham ——

Office of Lord the Secretaries,

Yards.

9,610

3*7*8

3>5°7

3»J74

4,298

LS13

2,510

s.

H

1

7

11

8

14

4

10

d.

6ai

Deptford ——

Woolwich - -

Portsmouth ——

Sheerness ——

Plymouth - -

Muster-masters, and other Officers of the Out Ports -

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary - -

Victuals to Officers and Men, serving therein - -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, csV. ——

Half-Pay to Sea Officers ——

Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1747 -To which may be added.

Towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital for lick and wounded Seamen near Gosport, for the Year 1747 -

For defraying the Expellee of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn outj and become decrepit, in the Service'6f their Country, there being now One thousand Men maintained in the faief Hospital; and also for sufficient Number of Nu'rfes, , bei'ig the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen*; and for carrying on the Buildings, and other Incidents of the said Hospital, for the Year 1747, Ten thousand Pounds -

I-

jf. ff. d,

37,913 9 10

ij,338 *6

17,825 16 8

6,573 6 4 19,201 13 10 9,620 ic 10 tJ»X$0 -"*

62,536 ——

1 a,000 ——

196,259 18 8

16,000 — —

10,000 — —

222,259 18 8

And then the Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1747* amounts to Two hundred and Twenty-two thousand Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence.

Yol. 1$,

Geo. Doding,

Will. Cor,

James Of

R<i. Hadd F. Gajhry,

Ja. Acworth, R. Osborn,

Eduft Falkingham, Jof.

Ordered,

a2&

t 13* Jannarii.

A. i74

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjouriled till Tomorrow. / Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 13* dJanuarii;

Anno io* Georgii Il4‘ Regis, 174.6.

Pratf.rJ.

A PETITION of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year Of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending* the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of Lancaster,

and also of several Pertoris living in, near* or usually travelling through the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kiln, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Tojl-bass in Wtllgate, in Wigan aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the said Act several Tolls and Powers were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing the First Day of June 1727, for repairing the said Road; and that the better to answer the Intention of the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of the said Road with Effect, the Trustees, impowered to put the said Act in Execution, borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the.Credit thereof, and applied the tame, together with the Money arising by the lolls granted, to the several Purposes by the said Act directed; notwithstanding which, l'ome Parts of the said Road intended to be repaired are in a ruinous Condition, in the Winter Season, and such Parts thereof as have already been amended, will, in a ftiort Time, become bad again, if constant Care be not taken to repair the tame; and that the Petitioners, the Trustees, now find the Repairs of the Road aforesaid cannot, during the subsisting Term, be compleated, and the Money at this time due on.ihe. Credit of the said Act repaid, unless the Term and Powers thereby granted be enlarged, and the A ft made more effectual: And further setting forth, That the Roatl leading from EarFs Kill in , to the

Township of Wigan aforesaid, is become so bad and ruinous, that Wheel-Carriages cannot pats in the Winter Seaton, without Danger; and that the said Road cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unlets some Provision be made for repairing the fame: And therefore praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given in

aBd'by the said former Act; and for explaining, and making more effectual the same Act; and taat Provision r may be made- in the said Hill for repairing the Hoad leading from Earl's Kill, in Warrington* to the Toll-bars in the Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And. that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Shnttleworth, Mr.

Mr; Sydenham, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fello Lord

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Dr Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Mr.

jhurjby, Mr. Compton, Mr, Fazakerley, Mr. , General Onslow, Mr. WUbraham, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Plump-trie, Mr. Hay, Mr. Comptroller, Sir Miles Stapy/toni. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Westmoreland, and And;

they are to ipeet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for"

Potions, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. from Account*

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; pcnoencso

He was calied in; ami, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, .

An Account of the Deficiency, at Lady-day 1746, of the Duty on Licences for retailing of Spirituous Liquors.:

And also.

An Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the additional Duties on all Wines imported: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency, at 1746,'

of the Duties on Glass, (Ac. And also.

An Account of the Deficiency, at Christmds 1746V of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746. of the Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1714: And also.

An Account of the several Duties on Houses for Five Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and how the same are appropriated: And also.

An Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at 1746, of the

additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the 16th Year of his Majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Incumbrances thereupon to that Time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

Am ACCOUNT shewing the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day

last past 1746; viz.

Due to the Bank, for circulating Exchequer- Bills;

* d.

To the 24th October 1745 24th January 1745 25th March 1746

In Cafit at Lady-day 1746

Deficiency at Lady-day 1746 -

Exchequer, the 13th Day of January 1746*

-. 7,461 16 7

- 7,4.61 16 7

- 4,866 8 2

i9»7V9 4

- 3,119 ic^ 2i

£. 16,670 it if

JftkDawJfa.

AQ

2 0 GEO. II.

13° Januarii. 229

To the Honourable the Krrrhts, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An A C COU NT, shewing (he Deficiency of the Income of the additional Import on all Wines imported, for pnyv'.g the Life Annuities at the Exchequer, as also the Ittfercft on the Sum of Two Millions, ruifed by Annuities and lottery, for the Service of the Year 1745, at Chrijmas last 1746;

Due for Annuities for Lives payable at the Exchequer -Doe to the Bank, for Annuities at j Cent, per Annum

To (lie Ufiicrot the Exchequer, for Neceflatics

£ d.

11,365 ——

30,000 — —

£. d.

4M65 ——

246 16 9

In Callt at Christmas 1746

41,411 16 9

39,990 5

Deficiency at Chrijhnas 1746 -

Exchequer, the 13th Pay of January 1746.

1,421 II 2f

John Da

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Deficiency of the several Rates and Duties upon Glais, and upon Spirituous Liquors, for paying the Life Annuities at the Exchequer, as also the Interest on the Sum of Two millions Five hundred thousand Pounds, raised by Annuities, for the Service of the Year 1746, at Christmas last; viz.

Due for Annuities for Lives payable at the Exchequer Due to the Bank for Annuities at per Cent, per Annum -

In Cash at Christmas 1746 -

Deficiency at Christmas 1746 -

Exchequer, the 13th Day of January 1746.

£. s. d. 22,500 — < — 75,000 ——

£ d.

97,50° — -

39,266 »8 I

58,233 1 II

John Dawjon.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Deficiency of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for paying the Annuities at the Exchequer, and the Annuity and Charges of Management, to the South Sea Company, of Sub-feriptions into their Capital, of Annuities, on the Second Act 1708, at Christmas last 1746 viz.

£. s. d.

For Annuities payable at the Exchequer ----- 5,266 5 —

To the South-Sea Company for Annuities, and Charges of Management 106,487 5 9

In Cash at Christmas 1746 ——

£. s. d.

111,753 10 9

25,784 18 5}

Deficiency at Christmas 1746

85,968 12 3!

Exchequer, the 13th Day of January 1746.

John Dawjon.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of what remained to be paid to satisfy, to Christmas last 1746, the Annuity payable to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, in respect of the Sum of £. 1,250,000 by them lent, by an Act of the 2d Year of his Majesty's Reign, on Credit of the Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1714; viz.

Due to the Bank of England at Christmas 1746 In Calli then ——

Deficient at Christmas 1746 -

Exchequer, the 13th Day of January 1746.

£. s. d.

50,000

lI>3Sl*4 9i

£ 38,648 5

John Dawjon.

Vo L. 25.

3N

To

230 130 Januarii. ^174

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the several Duties on Houses, for Five Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and

how the tame are appropriated.

Duty on HoefcJ. Additional Duty on Houses.

s. d. £ s. j.

In the Year, ended at Michaelmas 1742 ----- - 95,022 10 7 29,398 18 —

1743 ----- - 92>9*3 16 4 -7.975 '3 —

*744 88,219 5 1 27,598 8 3

1745 95»321 1 5 32,813 6 4

*746 85,918 9 5 26,792 10 8

The Duty on Houses is Part of the Aggregate Fund.

The additional Duty on Houses, together with the Duty on Coals, since Michaelmas 1710, are charged with an Annuity of £.74,334. or. 1 id. to the South-Sea Company; the Surplusses of these Fpnds are carried to the Aggregate Fund ..... Sinking Fund.

Exchequer, the 13th Day 1746.

John Dawson.

Jt

To the Honourable the Knights, Cifizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of what Sums are remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the 16th Year of his Majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Incumbrances thereupon, to Christmas last 1746; viz.

In Cash at Christmas 1746

Due to the Bank at Christmas 1746 -To the East India Company at D*

£. s. d.

- 55.759 H

- 7,500 ——

£ d.

175,768 a 4*

63,259 3 2{

Remains in Calli at Christmas 1746

Exchequer, the 13th Day of 1746.

112,508 19 z

John Dazvfon.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, count of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year to be perused by the Members of the House. 1746.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Account of Mr. Gajhry, from the Commissioners of the Navy, The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Transport presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac-Service.

Navy-Office,) An ACCO UNT of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1746: prepared pursuant 13th January 1746. $ to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 1 ath January 1746} viz.

NATURE OF THE EXPENCE.

SUM.

For North America.

Freight - -- - ....

Charge of Stores supplied to, and of Cabins built on board, the Transports, with the Expence of surveying them -

Bedding for the Use of Soldiers - -

Vinegar ——

£ ' 85,261 —

d.

s

1,775 16 8

2,581 ——

221 5 —

For Great Britain, Flanders, and Holland.

Freight ——

Charge of Horse Hammacoes and Stores, supplied to, and of Cabins, Stalls, Platforms, and other Conveniencies, built onboard, the Transports, with the Expence of surveying them - -

Wharfage, Port-charges, and other Expences attending the Embarkation of the Forces between Great Britain, Flanders, and Holland -Pilotage of Transports between Great Britain, Flanders, and Holland -Purchase of Hay, Oats, and other Requisites; Hire of Sloops and Lighters, for putting the same on board, and other necessary Charges, on that Occasion Salary to the Persons acting as Agents ——

101,947 12 8

2,763 6 —

3,391 10 6 921 7 10

2,464 5 ~ 730 16 —

Freight

For Gibraltar and Mahon.

TOTAL. £. s.

89,839 a t

112,218 18 —

3,670 9 8

the Total amounts unto the Sum of Two hundred Five thousand Seven hundred and Twenty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence.

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworth, Will. Corbett, F. Gajhry,

Edw. Falkingham, Jof. Allin, James Oswald.

205,728

9 9

Ordered,

JDifteaiper

among

Cattle.

20 Geo. II. 13* — 140 Januarii. 231

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, j-

to be perused by the Members of the House. JVlcrCUrily 14 die J

The Order of the Day being read; Ao 20- Georgii II. Regis, .746.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thwrfday Morn- Praters. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole rip HE Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Estimate i House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, X executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Navy Debt* passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Order, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading jt stood on the 31st December 174$. of the Distemper which now rages amongst the homed And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Cattle in this Kingdom, and for making the same more The (kid Estimate is as followeth vix.

effectual.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroff Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL

0,^2 14* Januariu A. 1746.

Navy-Office, 7 An E ST f MATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's'Navy, on the Heads hereafter-9th January 1746. J mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1746.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Particular*.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof - -

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1746, as also to several Bills of Exchange -

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen's Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, &c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1746 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties toWidows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, &c. ——

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1746 For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the ' several Ports - -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as Estimate received

from those Commissioners; viz.

\ 7

Dire, for the Quarters and Cure of sick and wounded Seamen, set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service

The Total amounts to the Sum of Five millions Six hundred and Twelve thousand Five hundred and Forty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Peny - -

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Hands, as on the other Side -

1,222,137

i4»38°

j.

1 10

S

310,8*5 11 4

424,923 ——

25,590 6 —

401,866 1 3

2,165,307 ——

36,029 3 6

19,844

828,262

4 4 3 —

23,407 19 18,880 13 40,249 6

3

3

4

The Debt will then be Five millions Five hundred and Six thousand One hundred and Forty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Peny Farthing ——

N.B. In this Debt is included, for Freight, £sV. of Transports, between 1 ft January 1745, and 31& December 1746 -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between ift January 1745, and 31 ft. Decemb 1746, amounts to - For which Sum of £. 272,396. 17 s.yd. no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year;

205,728 9

66,668 7

TOTAL.

c

s. d.

i,997>9

16

1 10

) 2,603,202 4 9

930»644 6 a

10

The Net Debt of the Navy will then be Five millions Two hundred and Thirty-three thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence Farthing - - - -....

80,784 6 4

5,612,546 19 1

106,403 1 iii

5,506,143 17 i*

272,396 17 7

5,233,746 19 6*

Geo. Dodington,

R. Osborn,

Edw. Falkinghom,

Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworth,

IVill. Corbett, F. Gajhry,

James Oswald, Jo/. Allin.

t

Memorandum:

t

D

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

r*

£ Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurer* of the Navy, on the 31st. December 1746,111 Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

On thr Heads of

la what TREASURERS Winds. In MONEY. f Went anti Tear, On!inary and Trai fporw. Seamen'* Wages. Victuals. TOTAL.

% £ s. d. J. d. £ s. d. s. d.

Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire - In Money ..... - - - mm 3,066 I

Executors of Thomas Cluiterbuck Esquire - In Money ..... D®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 3»l 57 10 7* 418 902 2 l6 ii 9t »5* 8 4,630 18 6

Executrix- of Sir Charles - In Money ----- -- D®, towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen 2,211 ‘3 6 2,169 55 I l3 7i 6 37 *7 a\ 4.975 5 8*

William Corbett Esquire ----- - In Money ----- -- D®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 4>336 7 n 10,810 1,748 10 xo 4 11 98 1 -8] 16,993 10 61

Right Honourable Sir John Rufltout Baronet - In Money ..... D®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 8.3°7 4 4i 18 667 2 6* 4 1,826 10 8] 10,819 if 10 i

Right Hon. George Dodington Esquire - - In Money ----- -- D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 29,697 2 6i 18,723 6,608 I 5 8* 10,889 9 kl 65>9*7 *3 9i

£- O O i, it 7* 42,622 *4 3i 13,004 7 106,403 1 i»l

V>S>

ao Geo. It. 140

1

234

14° Jama

A. 1746.

Ordered, That the said Estimafce do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Seamen. House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1745, to the 31st of December 1746, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered in the Service.

Lord Lovat'i A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Iu.pctl.ment Thurstott.*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to lay before this House, a true Copy of the Answer of SimoH Lord Lovat to the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason exhibited against him by this House; and to leave the said Copy of his Answer with this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Answer was read; and is as followed); viz.

The Answer of Simon Lord , of Lovat, to the Articles of I mpeachment of High Treason exhibited against him, by the Name of Lord ,by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and all the Commons of Great Britain.

The said Lord, saving and reserving to himself all Benefit and Advantage of Exception to the Uncertainties and Inefficiencies in the said Articles contained, and also all Advantage and Privileges belonging to him as a Peer of this Realm, in Answer to the afore-mentioned Articles, fays. That being as fully ferifible as any British Subject of the many Blessings these Kingdoms have enjoyed under his present and late Majesty's mild and equal Administration; and having, in the Rebellion of One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, given the strongest Proofs of his Zeal for, and attachment to, his late Majesty,' and the Succession of the Crown in his illustrious Family, against such as had undertaken the Destruction of both j he cannot but lament his Misfortune to have his Fidelity questioned at the End of his Days* and him-self, when nearworn out with Age and Infirmities, charged with intending the Subversion of a Government he had, in the Strength and Vigour of his Age, exerted his ut-tnoft Power and Address to support; under this heavy Pressure, attended with many other Calamities and Misfortunes, particularly his own Unability to manr.gr his Defence, his only Resource is in your Lordships Justice, who will, he is well aiTured, regard only plain Fasts, not as aggravated by Skill and Oratory, but as clearly and manifestly proved by the Testimony of credible and unexceptionable Witnesses.

Under this firm Persuasion, therefore, the said Lord, in Answer to the First and Second Articles, denies that he did wickedly, maliciously, falsely, and traiterously, compass or imagine the Death of his said present Majesty, or correspond with the Pretender, obtain or accept any Commission or Comnii (lions, Grant, or Letters Patent, from the said Pretender; or traiterously conspire or enter into any Association whatsoever for raising a War or Rebellion against his said Majesty within this Realm; or for obtaining Troops, Money, or Succours, from , for that Purpose; in Manner and Form as by the said Articles is alleged.

I To the Third Article, the said Lord denies that he did

assemble himself with any Traitors or Rebels; or raile, or cause to be raised or assembled, any armed Men for the Service of the said Pretender, or his eldest Son; or away, or cause to be arrayed, any Person or Persons whatsoever against his said Majesty; or levy, or cause to be levied, any War against his said Majesty in this Realm; in Manner and Form as in this Article is charged.

To the Fourth Article, the said Lord denies that he did compose, write, or fend, or cause to be composed, written, or sent, any Letter, Paper, or Writing, whatso-16

ever to the said Pretender's eldest Soft, to any such Purport or Effect as by the said Article is supposed, or to any other Purport or Effect whatsoever.

To the Fifth Article, he denies that he did compose, write, or fend, or cause to be composed, written, or sent, any Letter or Letters, Paper or Papers, to any Person or Persons, to such Purport or Effetft, as by the said Article is alleged.

To the Sixth Article, he denies that he ever did fumish or provide the said Pretender's eldest Son, or any Traitors or Rebels, with any Arms, Ammunition, Implements of War, or other Things useful or necessary for the Purpose in the said Article mentioned; nor did he fend his eldest Son, or any of his Name, Family, or Dependents, to the Affillance of the said Pretender's eldest Son, or any Rebels whatsoever; nor encourage, advise, direct, or instruct, any of them in the Prosecution of the said Rebellion.

To the Seventh Article, the said Lord denies that he ever did hold, entertain, or keep, any Intelligence or Correspondence with the said Pretender's eldest Son, either in Person or otherwise; nor did he entertain or keep any Correspondence with any other of the Persons mentioned in the said Article, or with any other Person employed by the said eldest Son of the Pretender in the said Rebellion, knowing any of them to be so employed.

And as to all other Matters or Things in the said Articles contained, and which is not herein particularly answered (if any such there be), the said Lord avers, that he is not guilty of them, or any of them, in Manner and Form as laid in the said Articles, or in any other Manner or Form whatsoever j and humbly submits himself to your Lordships Judgment.

Ashley Cozvper, Lovat.

Cler' Parliamentor'

Ordered, That the said Answer be referred to the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against the said Simon Lord Lovat.

Ordered, That the said Committee do prepare a Replication to the said Answer.

A Petition of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and of the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded at the foie Costs and Charges of Thomas Guy Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That King Charles the First, by Letters Patents unci' the Great Seal of England, and Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, did, amongst other Things, grant unto James then Duke of Lenox, and his Heirs, certain Marshes, or Marlli Lands, calied Sutton Marsh, lying in or near Long Sutton, in the County of Liacoh, with the Shores, Coasts, and Sands, to the Reflux of the Sea, under the yearly Rents and Services therein mentioned: That the said Marshes, or Marlli Lands, did, by several Mcfne Conveyances, and other Assurances in the Law, veil in William Aewland Gentleman; who, lor a valuable Consideration, fold and conveyed the same to the Petitioner Lajiells Metcalfe ,in Fee-Ample: That, before the said Marlli Lands were in the Possession, or became the Property, of the said William Netvland, upon a Petition preferred to the then Chancellor of the Duchy ot Laa-casier, alleging, That certain Lands belonging to the said Duchy, lying in Long Sutton aforesaid, and other Places in the County of Lincoln, were left by the Sea; and praying a Commission for letting forth the Boundaries rhereof: A Commission did, in the Year 1717, ilTae under l he Seat of the said Duchy, directed to certain Comm iffio.iers therein named, thereby authorizing and requiring them to inquire of the Truth of the Premises; and to furvejr

Ga*,i

H capital Eftau.

J

ib Geo. H. 14*

ar.d ascertain such derileft Lands, and the Value thereof; and to certify the fame, under their Hands and Seals, to the Chancellor and Council of the Paid Duchy: And that by a Writing, signed by Four of the said Commissioners, in nature of an Inquisition, they did find, or certify, that, in Obedience to the said Commission, they had taken the Informations and Depositions of several Witnesses, and had returned the fame; which Informations are contained in certain Papers and Writings returned with the said Commission, purporting Depositions of several Persons therein mentioned to be examined, upon Oath, fbme of whom do thereby depose and declare, That certain Lands in Sutton and Lutton, to the Amount of Eighteen hundred Acres, were formerly overflowed, and left by the Sea: That, feme time after, the said William Newland did prefer a Petition to the then Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, setting forth, That the said Inquisition was

taken at Market Deeping, at a very great Difiance from the said Marsh Lands; and that the Parties interested therein had no Notice thereof, nor any Opportunity of asserting their Rights, or proving their long and uninterrupted Possession of the said Marsh Lands t and that the Low-water Mark had not varied since the said Grant, but to the Di fad van! age of the Petitioner, by coming nearer his imbanked Marshes; and, by consequence, that there could be nodcrelift Lands accrued since the said Grant; and therefure praying. That a new Commission might ifl'ue for a new Inquisition to be taken in a regular manner, whereby it might appear whether the Low-water Mark had varied since the said Grant, or not; and whether the Lands then in Possession of, and claimed by, the Petitioner, were within the Boundings of the said Grant under which he claimed, or not; and in whose Possession the same had been since the said Grant: That thereupon a Commission did issue, under the Seal of the said Duchy of Lancaster, bearing Date the lft Day of August, in the

15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, directed 10 certain Commissioners therein named; and that, by an Inquisition taken in pursuance of the said Commission, on the 23d Day of November, in the said 15th Year of the Reign of his said present Majesty, it was found, by and on the Oaths of a Jury, of the said County of,

and returned by the said Commissioners in the said Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, That the said King Charles the

First made such Grant, as aforesaid, to the said Duke of Lenox, and his Heirs, of the said Lands and Premises in the said County of Lincoln; and that the lame, at the time of making such Grant, did contain, in the Whole, 8,800 Acres, or thereabouts, abutted and abounded in manner therein mentioned, and as in the said Grant is expressed; and that the said , and others under

whom he claimed, had, from the Time of making the said Grant, claimed and been, and then were, in the actual and uninterrupted Possession of certain Marshes and Marsh Lands, with the Appurtenances, called Sutton Marsh and Lutton, Part and Parcel of the Premises lo granted to the said Duke of , as aforesaid, containing, in the Whole, 5,162 Acres, or thereabouts, including 1,840 Acres, or thereabouts, then lately imbanked by the said Newland, and also including 680 Acres, or thereabouts, abutting Eastward upon the Sea, and not then imbanked; and also that the Shores, Coasts, and Sand % granted to the said Duke of Lenox, as aforesaid, and then claimed by the said Newland, did extend from the North-east Corner of Sutton Newbank eastward to Low-water Mark, Thirteen Furlongs and a Half, or thereabouts; and from the said Point, North-east, to Low-water Mark, Twelve Furlongs, or thereabouts; and were, at the Time of the said Grant, of as great an Extent as they then were at the Time of the taking the said Inquisition; and that it was thereby also found and returned, that it did not appear that there had, since the said Grant, happened or been any material Change or Variation of the Low-water Mark in, about, or near, the Lands and Premises so claimed by, or in the Possession of, the said Newland, as aforesaid; or that there were any derelict Lands, left by the Sea, contiguous to the Lands of the VOL. *5.

235

said Newland: That, by a Decree made in the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, on the 13th Day of July 1745; in a Cause there depending, wherein the said Lafcell* Metcalfe was Plaintiff*, and the Attorney-General of the said Duchy, the said William Newland, and others, Defendants, after taking notice of the said Grant from King Charles the First to the said Duke of Lenox, and the Conveyance of the said Marshes, or Marsh Lands, to the said William Newland, and the said last mentioned Inquisition; and also taking notice, that the said former Inquisition; of the 13th of May, was not any regular or certain Inquisition found by any Jury, or otherwise found cr returned by the Commissioners appointed to make Inquiry concerning the Matters aforesaid, than only by returning the Depositions on the Informations of divers Witnesses relating thereto, in many respects uncertain, and not agreeing with each other, without making any Judgment or Return of their own thereupon; and that the same Could not properly be said to be an Inquisition touching the Premises, and that the Plaintiff*ought not to be prejudiced thereby; it was ordered, adjudged, and decreed, That the said Inquisition, bearing Date the 23d Day of November, in the 15th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, should be established and confirmed; and that the Estate, Right, and Title, of the Complainant Lafcells Metcalfe, and of the Defendants William Rivet and Richard Spooner, Assignees of the Estate and Effects of the said William Newland to the said Marsh Grounds, and all and singular the Premises mentioned in the said Inquisition, according to their several and respective Interests therein, should be, and were thereby, established and confirmed; and that the said Lafcells Metcalfe, and all Persons rightfully and lawfully claiming under him, should and might peaceably and quietly hold and enjoy all and singular the said Marsh Grounds and Premises, mentioned and described in the said Inquisition, against the said King's Majesty, and his Successors, and also against all Persons whatsoever, claiming, or to claim, any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, of; in, or to, the said Marsh Grounds and Premises, or any Part thereof, by, from, or under, any Grant or Conveyance made by his said Majesty, or any of his Predecessors, since. the 15th Day of May in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the First: That the said Corporation did agree with the Petitioner Lafcells Metcalfeto purchase the

Inheritance of the said Marsh Grounds forjf .37,000; and bylndcnture inrolled in Chancery, bearing Date the 31st Day of July, 1746, in Consideration of 25,762. 7 gd.

paid by the said Corporation in Discharge of a Mortgage-Debt charged upon and affecting the Premises, and of 11,237. l2S' 3^. agreed to be thereafter paid on the Terms and Conditions mentioned in an Indenture of Covenants therein and herein after-mentioned to bear even Date therewith (the said Sums making together 7,000) the Inheritance of the Marsh Grounds and Premises, lo agreed to be purchased, was conveyed by the said Petitioner Lafcells Metcalfe unto the said Corporation, and their Successors: That by Indenture of Covenants, bearing Date the said 31st Day of July 1746, and made between the Petitioner Lafcells Metcalfe, of the one Part, and the said Corporation, of the other Part, after reciting the Con trad and Agreement between the said Petitioner and the said Corporation, for the Sale and Purchase of the: said Marsh Lands; and that, upon inspecting the Title to the Premises, it appeared that the said Decree of the; Duchy Court had been made and pronounced in the said Cause so therein depending between the said Lafcells Metcalfe as Plaintiff, and his Majesty's Attorney-General, and the said William Newland, and his Assignees, asDefendants; by which Decree (in regard that several Claims had been then lately made to several Parts of the said Marshes by several Persons pretending to derive Title thereto by or under, or to act therein in behalf of, the Crown, under Pretence that the said several Parts of the said Premises, then lately imbanked, had been then lately left by, or gained from, the Sea, and did belong to the Crown as derelict Lands, or under some other Pretence), the said Marshes, Marsh Grounds, and Premises, were intended

40

Guv'*

Hospital.

Estate.

0uy*j

Hospital

E^arc.

' . 140 Januarit. 1746.

to be quieted against all the Rights and Titles of the Crown, and of all other Persons claiming under any Grant or Act of his Majesty, or of his Royal Predecessors ;'and that several Doubts having arisen touching the Force and Validity of the said Decree, the said Metcalfe, in order to obviate all Questions and Difficulties in respect of such Rights, Claims, and Titles, as aforesaid, had agreed with the said Corporation to procure an Act of Parliament, at his own Expence, to establish and confirm the said Decree; and, in Consideration thereof, the said Corporation did content to proceed in the said Purchase; and had, out of the said Purchase-money, paid riff the said Sum of f. 25,762. 7 in Discharge of all

Money due on the aforesaid Mortgage; and that it was agreed that the said Corporation might retain the Residue Or the said Purchase-money, amounting to 11,237. 121. 2d. as a Deposit to abide the Event of the said Act of Parliament; and also reciting the Conveyance of the Inheritance of the said Marsh Lands to the said Corporation, and their Successors; and that the said Sum of 11,237. i2f 3 d.had been retained by, and was in the Hands

of, the said Corporation; it is witnessed, that, in order to manifest and declare the Term and Conditions under which the said Deposit-money of 11,237. 12J. 3 was so retained by the said Corporation, it was declared and agreed, and the said Lafc Metcalfe did thereby covenant, at his own Costs and Charges, to use his Endeavours forobtaining an Act of Parliament for the establishing and confirming of the said Decree of the Duchy Court, and for enabling and declaring that the said Conveyance, so made by him to the said Corporation, should be valid and effectual against all the aforesaid Rights and Claims of the Crown, and all other Persons claiming under his Majesty, or his Predecessors; and that in the mean time, and until such Act of Parliament should be obtained, the said Corporation might retain the said Sum in their Hands as a Deposit to abide the Event of the said intended Act, without any Interest to be paid for the same, unless the said intended Act should pass into a Law; and that, in Default of obtaining such Act for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Lafcells Metcafe should forfeit the said Deposit-

money, and the said Corporation should be discharged from the Payment thereof, or any Interest for the same; and the said Corporation did thereby agree, that, in case the said Lafcells Metcalfe should obtain such an Act of Parliament for the Purposes, and to the Effect aforesaid, then, and not otherwise, the said Corporation would, within One Week after the passing of the said Act, pay the said Deposit-money of £. 11,237. 3 to the Petitioner

Lafcells Metcalfe, with Interest at £ 4 per Cent, to be

computed from the Day of the Date of the said Indenture of Covenants: That the said Doubts, which were so, as aforesaid, made to the Force and Validity of the said Decree, did not relate to the Truth of any of the Fadts

stated in the said Second Inquisition so, as aforesaid, established by the said Decree, or to any other Matters of Substance; the said Corporation, and all Persons concerned for them, being satisfied that the same had been fully examined into at the Time of pronouncing the said Decree, but that the Difficulties which arose thereupon only related to the said first-mentioned Inquisition; it being doubted whether, considering the same as an Office which had found a Title for his Majesty by Matter of Record, some Pofiession might not be cast upon the King, which could not be again taken out of the Crown by the Decree of the Duchy Court, pronounced in the said Cause j but that as these Doubts do respect only mere Matters of Form, and as all Matters of Substance were fully examined into by the said Decree, the Petitioners hope they shall have the Aid of Parliament for the ratifying and confirming the said Decree, and the said Conveyance made to the said Corporation, as aforesaid: And therefore, to the Intent that the said Corporation, and their Successors, may have the full Benefit, and uninterrupted Possession, of their said Purchase, and the said Lafcells Metcalfe may have the absolute Property and Enjoyment of the Purchase-money, or Consideration for the fame, praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for confirming and establishing the said Decree and Conveyance, pursuant to the said Agreement.

Ordered', 'That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Cust, Mr. Newnham, Mr. L, Mr. Chetwynd Mr. Martin, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Daniel

Lambert, Mr. Bance, Sir John Ph, Mr. , Sir James Lowther, Admiral Townshend, Sir Francis

Mr. Thomas Newnham, Mr. Noel, Sir IVm. Sir

Henry Marshall, Major Selwyn, Mr. Mr. Fel-

lozves, Mr. Denzil Onslow, Mr. Gough, Mr. Mr.

Walker, Mr. Plumer, Lord Perceval, Sir Wm. Cal-, vert, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Carew,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fmaker ley.

Lord Strange, Mr. Cholmondeley, Colonel Gumley, Sir Edmund Thomas; and all the Members who serve for the County of Lincoln-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Air. Brereton, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Accomit presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land the Forces between lit January 1 j 4$, and jiR December 1746. Forces.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth;

London, Victualling-Office, the 14th January 1746. An ACCOUNT of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces between the ift January 1745, and 31st December 1746; prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 12th instant.

Amount of Provisions put on board fundryTransport-Ships, for victualling Soldiers in their Passage to and from Holland ——

Amount of Provisions put on board fundryTransports, on an Expedition under the Command of the late /Admiral Lejiock -

Amount of Provisions fornifired the Garrison of Fort William, in North Britain -Amount of Provisions furnished General Guise's Regiment, in North Britain -Amount of Provisions sent to North Britain, for the Use of the Army under the Command of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland ——

Amount of Provisions issued to Bombardiers, &V. ——

Lois futtained by Waste, and Decay of Provisions, S(c. contracted for the 23d of April 1740, for 6,000 Land Forces at Jamaica ——

Freight of Provisions to Shields, for the Use of Land Forces ——

Freight of Clothing for Soldiers at Mahon -

Amount of Provisions supplied Land Forces on board sundry Transports at Virginia

Freight of Provisions for the Garrison at Louifbourg ——

Amount of the viciualling 10 Officers and Soldiers, &V. front Spit head to Louifbourg

I-

*5>361

39,609

*32

»3

ii9J7

2o52

4>o63

335

206

1,414

446

16

d.

7

18

18

5

8

11

H

10 —

— 4

5 —

5 —

Amount

0

1

11

4

7

4

4

Way*

Ptafl Alum

8«pplj,

10 Geo. tl. t4* — i 5* Janudtit.

' ' ' - . £. s J-

Amount ofviftualling Officers and Recrints embarked for Geafterwards ordered to Scotland 279 17' Amount of Provisions supplied the Troops bound to Annapolis Royal, on board the Diamond Transport 31818 2

£.66,668

Memorandum: More Provisions may have been supplied Land Forces abroad, of which no Account is yet come to Hand.

Richard Hall, James Wallace,

William Davies, J.RuJJel.

Thb. Brereton,

Estd per D- S.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

' to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day, being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the , Supply granted to his Majesty -,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses dated at 1746, be

referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses dated at Michaelmas 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ordinary Edimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1747.be referred to the said Committee.

Then the 'House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.,

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to fevetal Resolutioni; which they had dir'edled him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ‘ ‘ '

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fanealfo acquainted the fioufe, That he was di-

redled by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15° die Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdiJ Regis, 1746.

Pt AYERS. '

THE House being informed. That, Mr. Bowen Recount of from the Treasury, attended at the Door; Dispofirion °t

He was called in; and, .at the Bar, presented to the Gr*nt'» *c* bloufe, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account Qiewing how, the Money given for the Service of the Year 1746, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of 1746, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof 1 And also,

An Account of the Expenditure of the 500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to fiipprcfs the Rebellion, to carry on the War, tyc. for the Ycat *1746.'

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

The said Accounts are as followeth

t

Vol. 13. 3 P

g

cq‘ I N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

0o_

ft

SERVICES.

rFor the Virtual*, Wages, and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Virtualling thereof, for 40,000 Men, for 13 Month*, beginning the lit Day of January 1745 - -

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea-Officers....

For the Freight'of Transports, between 31st January 1744, and 31st December 1745 - - ....

I For the Exponce of Virtual*, provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the 31st of January 1744, and 31st of December 1745 I Towards the Support of Greenwich Hospital -

JLowards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital near Portsmouth, for Tick and wounded Scamei^ -

2 (For Ordnance Sea Service ——

g < For Ordnance Land Service - -

"0 ( For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by-Parliament -

Q

For defraying the Charge of 49,2*29 effective Men, for the Year 1746, Commission and Non-Commission Officers included For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca and Gibraltar; and for Provisions for the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar. Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the Year 1746 ——

For the Pay of 13 Regiments of Foot, under the Command of several Noblemen, for 122 Daj^, from U>e respective Times of their being raised For the Pay of Two Regiments of Ilorfe, under the Command of certain Noblemen, for 12*2 Days, from the respective Times of their being raised For continuing the said Two Regiments of Horse, and 13 Regiments of Foot, for the further Time of 122 Days

Towards defraying the Pay and Subsistence of 5,ooood Horse and 13,000* Foot of the Troops of Hanover, to ad in the Low Countries, with a Train of Artillery to attend them ——

For the Pay of 20 Independent Companies for 365 Days, from the respective Times of their being raised - -

For the Charge of 1,264 Hessian Horse, and 4,908 Foot, frera the 25th December 1745, to 24th December 1746, both Days included, with the Subsidy for the same time -

For defraying the extraordinary Pay,'or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon-money, and other Extraordinaries, of the 6,000 JJeJfwns in his Majesty's Service, Annis 1742 and 1743, not provided for by Parliament - -

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1746 -

For defraying the Charge of the States General's Troops, whilst in his Majesty's Service, Annis 1745 and 1746 -

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Forces on account of the Rebellion, and for Hojrfes loft in Flanders fend at Sea, Anno 1745,

not provided foijby Parliament ....

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marine* - -

For Petitions for the Year 1746, to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines - - - .

For defray ing the Charge of Two Troops of Rangers, an Highland Company, Boatmen, HalfGallies, or Schooners, for the Service of the Year 1746

c *. d.

1.976,000 — 198,04816 3 96,478 19 2

54,753 9 3>

10,000 ——

16,000 -j-----

104,000

175,777 13 9

296,54» 5 9

1,298,100 14 7

1]

Jh

343440 18

64,360 13 13,176 —

77,587 3

310,000 --

35.98^ lo — 161,607 17 i\

40*328 19 10 40,880 19 2

21>545 19 11

137*027 3 11

24,701 7 6

3,886 ——

19,168 18 4

# fTo enable the Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain 50,000* Men in the Low Countries, for the Year 1746 -Jk j To make good his Majesty1* Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty

[2 < To enable the King of Sardinia the better to prosecute the War in Italy, for the Year 1746 -

To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Elfcrtor of Cologne, pursuant to To enable his Majesty to make good his Engagements with the Eiertor of Mcntz -

400.000 — - —

200.000 ——

100.000 — 1- --

24,299 1 4

8,620 — —

Marine*. For defraying the Charge of 11,550 Marines, for the Service of the Year 1746

V \

4>

ft

KJ

OJ

V)

To make good the Deficiency of the Grant. Anno 1745

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1745 -

To replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of additional Stamp Duties, at Ckrijtmas 1744 -

To replace to the said Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets, at Michaelmas 1745 To replace to the said Fund the like Sum paid thereout, for Half a Year,s Interest, due at Michaelmas 1745, on Salt Duties, continued Anno 1745. To make good the Deficiency of the Malt 1744, at Lady-day 1746 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1744, at Michaelmas 1746 ----- -7-----

n,950

49,252

8>3<*7

13.793

17*500

163,260

M,399

2

18

9

3

M

12

9i

9

10

5

8

Towards building a Bridge cross the Thames, from Westminster, to the opposite Shore ——

Towards the further settling and improving the Colony at Georgia, in America

Towards the Maintenance and Support of the British Forts and Settlements belonging to the Royal African Company

Paid to Per ions, pursuant to an Address of the Honourable House of Commons, for their Loftes, Spc. on account of the insertious Distemper amongst the horned

Cattle - - - ....

For Rewards to the Cashiers of the Bank for receiving the /*.2,500,000 for Annuities on tSlafs, and the Contributions for Lottery on D° for £.500,900, and for the Charge of puffing their Accounts thereof, and for other Charge* relating thereto, and for the Charges in drawing the Lottery, and making and delivering Certificates thereof - -

To enable his M:\jeiiy efttrtually to suppress the Rebellion, to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land, and tb make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty ?s Allies, for the Year 1746

c-

2.000. 000 — —

750.000 ——

2,500,000 ——

500.000 — —

1.000. 000 — —

500.000 ——

The Giants towards supplying the said Services,

by the I ami Tax 1746. by the Mult-Duty 1746.

by Annuities at £.4. per Cent, at the Bank, on the Duty on Glass^ by Lottery Annuities, at £.4.per Cent, on D\ by the Sinking Fund.

by Exchequer Bills on Credit of the Supply 1747.

Towards satisfying which there remains undisposed; Of Cash, in the Exchequer of the Sinking Fund To be raised on the Sinking Fund -

7,250,000 ——

135.378 4 7 Deficiency, on the other Side.

And then the Deficiency of the Grants will be

Sums granted.

£ '

2,35U«8i 4 8j

526,319 19 6

2,50Tl>7,5 *4 7

732,919 1 4 296,253 *5 —

410,524 1 uf

25.000 ——

4,000 ——

10.000 — —

12,949 18 —

Sums paid.

Remaining to be paid.

L- * d

2,346,911 l8 8:

526,319 19 6

*»59,»7,5 >4 7

732,919 4

49,226 16 8

235,313 4 6$

25,000 ——

£ d-4,369 6 —

157,026 18 . 4

175,210 17 5} 4,000 — —

10,®79 12 ,94>549 4 q*

340,60^ 7

9*

This Account, dated in Obedience to his M ijrfty's Commands, upon nn Address of this Honourable lLoufe, is Lumbiy presented tins 15th Day of January 174.6, by

Thuum* JQouth.

5^7

‘35,378

A<\\

ao Geo. II.

15° Januatii.

39

{ -

fj

C

c

As ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the £. 500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty effectually to suppress the Rebellion, to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Year 1746.

Subsidies to foreign Princes, and Pay to foreign Troops. £.

Extraordinary Subsidy to the Queen of Hungar, pursuant to Treaty - 106,000

Six Months Subsidy to the Eledorof Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty - 11,026

To mike good the Deficiency of Pay to the Troops, during the ir

Time of Service in Great Britain ----- -- 18,3 it

To the Gratification of the Dutch Troops whilst in Great on Account of the Rebellion - - - - 12,029

For Subsidy, and Pay to foreign Troops - - ....

Extraordinary Services in

For Forage in Flanders, Magazines taken by the Enemy, and remaining

in Store included - -- 180,165

For Bread, over and above the usual Deduction for the Troops, including

what was taken by the Enemy ----- -- 9,756

For Bread Waggons, including Ditto - - - 25,295

For the Hospital - - - 9,*-79

For secret Service and Intelligence - - - - . - - 1*924

For Wood, Straw, Fire, and Candle, and other Expences, to the British Troops on their March to JVII- £. s. d.

liamftadt, and in their Winter Cantonments in the Territories of Holland ----- 9,575 — 2

To be dcduded, on Account of this Service, the Sum

allowed last Session of Parliament - - - 1,517 9 j

Remains for this Service - - - — 7,057

365 Days Pay to Three Independent Companies in - - - 3,887

Pay of additional Staff-Officers not upon the Establishment - 3,038

Forage-money to General and Staff-Officers - - - 2,582

To sundry Expences in embarking the British Troops for Great Britain - 187

To Baggage-money for Seven Battalions of Foot in Flanders - 1,225

To Camp Necessaries for Three Regiments of Dragoons - 900

To 14 Boats seized and confiscated by the Enemy - - - - 2,298

To Wood, Straw, Passage of Rivers, and other small Expences incurred on the March of the lau Body of 10,000 Hanoverians from the Rhine to the Army ----- ----- - 1,685

To the Charge of building Six Ovens ----- - 180

To the Charge of conducting recovered Men to the Army - - - 13

To Mr. Reid, for his Trouble in examining the Forage Accounts - - 30

' Towards the Expence of Turf and Candle for the British Troops in Winter

Quarters in Holland ----- --- - 961

Towards Ditto for Hanoverians - 2,000

To Wood and Straw to D# in their Encampments in the and Palatine Territories before their taking Winter Quarters - 6,100

To Gunpowder for Ditto - -- -- - 500

To Wood and Straw, and the Passage of the British Troops over the Bridge

Venlow - -- 711

To sundry Expences of Taxes, and Charges of transporting Bread and

Forage, during the Campaign ----- -- 2,409

Towards the Expence of Prisoners in France ----- 59

An Account of extraordinary Expences incurred on Account of the Rebellion^ Paid cn Account to the Commissary and Contradors for Bread, Flour,

Provisions, for the several Regiments in North Britain, by virtue of hi*

Royal Highness the Duke's Warrants, and those of the Commander

in Chief ----- ----- - 39,090

Paid on Account to the Commissary and Contradors for Forage and Fuel . for the several Regiments aforesaid, and also the usual Allowances of Forage-money to the General and Staff-Officers in North Britain, and to the Regiments ordered to Flanders ----- - 51*510

To the Subsistence of French Prisoners - - - 321

To Bns and Baggage Horses to the He/Jian Troops, and the Regiments of

Price, Ligonicr, and Houghton ----- -- 2,080

To Camp Necessaries to the several Regiments, and to make good their

Tents and Accoutrements loft in Acton ----- 1,879

To the Purchase of 40 Horses for the public Service in North Britain - 400

,1 — - —

This Account is humbly presented to this Honourable House this 15th Day of January 1746, by

Thomas

s. d.

*3 4 17 —

18L 6

2

7

12

17

4

7

11

5

10

8

7

>7

15

9

6

3

7

9

£ s.

142,367 12

1711

7

*4

6

5

4

7

ft —

10 6

*3 5

12

1

11

5

7*

5\

162,351 4 10

404,7*8 17

95,281 2 4

500,000 — —

VOL. *5.

Ordered,

by

£4<3 I50 Jdnuarn. IT A. 1746.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, of the Royal Navy,-from the 316: of 174$,

to be perilled by the Members of the House. ' - ta the'31st December 1746, upon i Mddiu'ta of each

v t ». - . Month, distinguishing vliat Number were borne* and

Account of Mr. Ga/hry, from the Gomitoissioners qF the Navy, what muftcred,' in the Service.

®e*men* presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Ac- And the Title of the said Account was read,

count of she'Number of Seamen employed in the Service The said Account is as followeth; viz.

t\ ‘ *

Navy-Office, 15 th) An ACCOUN T,of th^Number of Searilen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from January 1746. j . the 31st of December 1745, to the 31st of December 1746, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing wh^LNumber were borne, and what muftcred, in the Service; prepared pur*

suant to an Order of the.Honourable House of Commons, dated the 14th January 1746.

, v < _ _ _ _ . ___

> 1 \ — , rr*- MONTHS. - Seamen. ^: 8oldie\s and Marines-) Part ot Complement. '

t Horae. I Muttered. 1. Borne. MufVered.

January 1745 - km as «. '-i- 4 *d56 44»277 6,683 6,286

February - - - 49*53° 44.62 3 6,927 6,4°?

March 1746 - - - - 50,086 4 5 >17 9 6,970 6,446 1

April - - 50,160 4i»562 7,040 6,6 it

May - - k U - - " '49>677 4o>«33 ' 7,007 6,687

June - - , ¥ m ~ - - - *49,872 46,264. 6,994 ,$22

July - - m m ' - - ' JQ.493 ' ^.*072 6,91 $ 6,700

August m - - - - 51,18x5; 4S.890 6,920 6 U86

September - - m - Om - - Sl>27S 47.it 5 7,040 - 6,510

October r53>68 j 48,109 6,990 6,543

November m - - - *- 53>952- , 47*96^ 6,945 6,500

December H m m m - 54,861 48,075 6,840 6,428

-> - .612.865 552,261 83,274 r- -f r, 00 Cs

\ Upon a n Medium - £ 51,072 46,021 6.939 6,535

RA itaddock, Ja. Ac worth, . 'A. Osborn, Will. Corbett, F. Gajkry,. ' r Jos. Allin. Alexander Geddes, James Ofw'ald. '

Ordered, That the said Acccfunt do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

V I

t)r. Trebeck Ordered, That the Reverend Dotftor ‘Trebcck, Rector

rwchon *' George's, Hakover-fqUate, be delircd to p-each be-Ju? fore this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 30th Day of this instant January: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, the Lord Ca, and Mr. Delmt, do acquaint him therewith. - .

Supply^ Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, froth the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House-;V which he read in-his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read-'; and Sre as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Ninety-six -ttpuftnd-Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to.his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1747* including Half-Pay to Sea Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand -Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at for the better

Maintenance of the Seamtrtof the said Hospital-, worn-out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on (he Building of the intended Hospital forfick and wounded Seamen, near Gosport, for the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand Nirie hundred Seventy-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Four Pence, -.be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at *745*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Two hundred and Eleven Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence Farthing;- be granted to his Majesty, for making good the "Deficiency of th'e General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Nine hundred and Ten Pounds and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to "his Majesty,' to repface to the Sinking Fund (he like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets, or.Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1746.

Resolved, That it, is the Opinion'of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five'thousand Pounds,

' be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to answer One Year's Interest due at Michaelmas 1746, after the Rate of Three PoundsTen Shillings per Centum per Annum on the Principal Sum of One million lent on Credit of the Salt Dude's, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Six hundred Ninety-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1746.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question i eve rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Secretary to the Commissioners of App7?f*»n>rr the Customs do attend this House upon ituefday Morning, n" rj oV '"

the 3d Day of February.next, and bring with him the Order for Appointment, and the Appointment, of Mr.-William Sedall, to be One of the Survcvors-General, or

Inspectore-General, of the Customs; and the Reports made by him the said Mr. William Be dull, as such j.and

»' -' ' also

9

Diflsmpcr

awonglt

Castle.

Newcastle pon Tyne Jtoad*.

20 Geo. II. 150 — 16° JamariL

241

a!fj that lie do, in the mean time, permit 1* (quire, who hath petitioned this House, complaining of an undue Election and Return of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of or his

Agents, to inspect the said Order, Appointment, and Reports, and take Copies thereof, if he lees fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Wa Mayor of the Borough of Hedon, do attend this House upon Morning, the 3d Day of February next.

The other Order of the Day being read)

The House relblveditself intoa Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue and amend an Act, paRed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom 5 and for making the same more effectual.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carezo took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had made loine Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The House being informed, That Mr. Compt- Account of

roller-General of the Customs, attendedat the Door; new Sabir /

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty; an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the New Subsidy, from Chrftmas 1738, to Chrftmas1745, distinguishing

each Year, and what has been paid since of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears are Hill Handing out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act W*!nhouse» to enable Richard Wainhouse, and his Heirs Male, to take Name,

and ufethe Surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to the Will of Christopher Emmott Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Mellish, Sir John Cufi, Sir Thomas t Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Limerick, Mr. Pittj Mr, Hayward, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Hanbury, Mr. Bankes, Mr Plumptre, Sir James Lowther, Lord Carpenter, Mr. den, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lifter, Mr.

Skuttleworth, Lord Strange, Sir William Calvert j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Torki And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Vieneris, 16* die Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii 11" Regis, 1746. Praters.

SI R William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grand Jury, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Northumberland, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Edward Bigge, Mr. Geo. Wilson, and Mr. Robert Scott Who, being severally examined, said. That they knew the High Road leading from the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne to Be/ford, and from thence to Buckton-burn, in the County of Northumberland, which is about Fifty Miles in Length, and the High Poll Road from London to Edinburgh: That, by reason of the great Numbers of heavy Carriages frequently passing thereon, and the greatest Part of the Soil thereof being a deep Clay, in the Winter Season Travellers on horseback cannot pals along the same without great Danger.

And they also said, That were the several Parishes through which the said Roads lead to perform double the Statute-work thereon, yet the same would prove ineffectual, by reason Materials for amending the same lie at l'o great a Distance from many Parts thereof.

And they severally added, That the said Roads cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road between Cotv Caw/ey End, adjoining to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton-burn, in the County of Northumberland: And that Sir William Middleton, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Ord, and Mr. Watson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Yol. *5.

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, ap- Lord LoVat»| pont ed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and pre- impeachment, pare Evidence, against Simon Lord Lovat, impeached of High Treafbn, and to whom the Answer of the said Simon Lord Lovat was referred, That they had considered the Answer of the said Simon Lord Lovat to the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason exhibited by this House against him; and that they had also considered of a Replication to be made to the said Answer; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Replication in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do go to the Bar of the House of Lords, and make a Replication to the Answer of Simon Lord Lovat, to the Effect following; m.

My Lords,

The Commons have considered the Answer of Simon Lord Lovat to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament, and do aver their Charge against the said Simon Lord Lovat for High Treason to be true } and that the said Simon Lord Lovat is guilty in such manner as he stands impeached; and that the Commons will be ready to prove their Charge against him, at such convenient Time as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

Sir William Yonge reported, That he had, at the Bat1 of the House of Lords, made the Replication directed by this House to the Answer of Simon Lord

The House was moved. That an Act, made In the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An wii*Sp^n. Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for [prohibiting Commerce with Spain: And that Mr. Horatio Walpole senior,

Sir William Yonge, and Sir William Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

3Q The

Supply.

Distempei

amongst

Cattle.

242

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Lady-day 1746, of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas, 1746, of the additional Duties on all Wines imported, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency at Christmas 1746, of the Duties on Glass, &c. be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1714, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1746, hath been dispo-fed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 13th Day of January 1746, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expenditure of the £. 500,000, granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to suppress the Rebellion, to carry on the War, &c. for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, between ift January 1745, and 31st December 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of (the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this Housewill, Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

16* — 190

A\ 174 6.

Lutice, 190 die Januarii;

Anno ao* Georgii Ildl Regis, 1746.

Prat xrs.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Eye Writ rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to l'erve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable Edward Cornwallis Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Grooms of his Majesty's Bedchamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Elgip, *c, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "rrit* the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Elgin, Cullen,

Bamff, Kintore, and Inverurie, in the room of Sir James Grant, Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew, and all the Members who serve for the County of Chester, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to IVigan, in the County of Lancaster-, and also of several Persons living in, near, or usually travelling through, the Road leading from a Place called Earls Kill, in Warringion aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in Wallgate, in IVigan aforesaid; is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. West do make the Report, which was ordered to be made upon this Day, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon ! fhurfday Morning next.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which he was directed to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Five thousand Seven hundred Twenty-eight Pounds Nine Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Freight of Transports, between the ift of January 1745, and 31 ft of December 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Sixty-six thousand Six hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the ift of January 1745, and 31 ft of December 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Slim, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Six hundred and Seventy Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, at Lady-day 1746, of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion.of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred and Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Two Pence

Halfpenny,

Warringtoa

Road*.

Supply.

Ctnrmerc* with Spain.

Sapply.

20 Geo. II.

x 9" — 210 Januarii.

243

Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the additional Duties on all Wines imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand Two hundred and Thirty-three Pounds One Shilling and One Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-five thousand Nine hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the HalfSubfidies of Tonnage and Poundage charged with the Payment of several Annuities by the Acts of the Sixth of Queen Anne, and the Sixth of King George the First.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-eight thousand Six hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Surplus of the Fund for Lottery 1 714.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-five thousand Three hundred and Seventy-eight PoundsFour Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1746.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Iloufe.

New cattle Sir William Middleton presented to the House, accord-^Jtoad*!*6 *n8 to Order,a Bill for repairing the High Road between Cow Caujey End, adjoining to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of and from thence to

Buckton-burn, in the County of And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

w*y* The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

and Meins. ref0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the several Duties on Houses for Five Years last part, distinguishing each Year, and how the same are appropriated, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon W Morning next.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fuday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 25.

Mercurii, 21* die Januarti;

Anno ao* Georgii II'1* Regis, 1746.

P K A Y F. R S.

MR. Shmtlew orthreported from the Committee, to Warrington

whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names Road*, are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of Lancaster; and also of several Persons living in, near, or usually travelling through, the Road leading from a Place called Ear ft Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Tol -bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appea e I to them, to the House; and he read the Report in tis Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Act, of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was read; whereby it

appeared, that several Toils and Powers were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing the lft of June 17 27, for repairing the said Road.

Then Mr. Ralph Taylor laid, That the Trustees itn-powered to put the find Act in Execution have borrowed a large Sunt of Money; and that there now remains a Debt of£.7,4^ 8 upon the Credit of the Tolls, together with Two Years Interest due upon the said Debt: That the Road directed to be repaired is Nine Miles in Length,

Four Miles of which have not yet been repaired; and the other Five, which are at present in a tolerable Condition, cannot be preserved so without a further Continuance of the Act, the Repairs thereof being very expensive, occasioned by Carriage of Materials necessary for repairing tho fame, which Materials lie at the Distance of Four, or even Six, Miles, from some Parts of the Road.

That it will be impossible to repair the said Roads, or to repay the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, without a further Continuance of the Act.

The same Witness, being examined as to the Condition of the Road leading from Earl's Kill to Warrington, in the Township of Wigan, said, That the same is extremely difficult and dangerous for Wheel Carriages to pass; and, though the Statute-work‘has been conftailtly performed, it is impossible to amend the said Road without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of Lancaster; and also for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called'-Far/'s Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid: And that Mr. Shuttleworth and Mr.

Legh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and other st. Andrew Inhabitants and Parishioners, of the Parish of St. Andrew, (Holbome) Holborne, in the City of London, and County of Middle-Jex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of rou* themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants and Parishion* ers of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Number of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish hath for many Years last pall greatly increased, so that the Church-yard, and Burying-places thereunto belonging, are not now large enough to contain the Bodies of such as die in the said Parish, and are required to be buried therein, without great Indecency, and Offence to the Inhabitants: That the Petitioners are desirous to purchase a Piece of Ground in or near the said Parish, to be used for the Burial of

dead

Servants

Wage*.

Way*

and Means.

444* 21° Januarii. 1746.

dead Bodies only; and are willing that Money sufficient to pay for thePurchafe of the fame, and all other Charges incident there.unto, be raised by a Tax or Assessment upon the Petitioners, and all other the Inhabitants and Occupiers, for the Time being, of Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, and Tenements, within the said Parish, to be rated and assessed by an equal Pound Rate, by the Rents of every such Inhabitant or Occupier; but that the Petitioners arc not, as they conceive, by any Laws now in being, enabled to do so: That, at a general Meeting of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish, on Thufday the 8th Day of January instant 1746, Notice of which Meeting was publickly given in the Parish Church of the said Parish, immediately after Divine Service, both in the Forenoon and Afternoon, on the Two successive Sundays preceding the said Meeting, by Order of the Rector and Churchwardens, it was resolved. That there should be an Application to Parliament for an Act to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase a Burying-ground for the Use of the said Parish, and to raise Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and to take such Methods for enabling such of the Parishioners of the said Parish as the House shall think proper, to purchase Ground in or near the said Parish, to be appropriated to the Ufc aforesaid, and to raise Money sufficient to pay for the lame, and all other Charges incident thereunto; or otherwise to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IVm. Sir Henry -

shall, Mr. West, Sir John Hynde , Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Hooper, Mr. Carezo, Mr. , Mr. Brookjbank,

Mr. Hayward, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Willes, Mr. Levin*, Lord Perceval, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Vyner,

Mr Leigh, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pratt, Sir Edmund isham. Sir John Philipps, Mr. Powney, Mr. Symons, Mr. Bacon, Admiral Sir John Strange, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr Yorke, Mr. Frankland, Sir John Rushout, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Ongley, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Wilbraham; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the County of Middlejen: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of Servants Wages, and for the better Regulation of Servants; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, which were granted to his late Majesty King William the Third, by an Act of the 7th and 8th Year of his Reign, as also the several additional Rates and Duties upon Houses, granted to her late Majesty Queen Anne, by an Act of the 8th Year of her Reign, and (ince continued, and made perpetual, shall, from and after the 25th Day of March 1747, cease and determine.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there Avail be paid for and upon every Dwelling-house inhabited, which now is, or hereafter shall be erected with-

22

in that Part of Great Britain called England, the yearly Sum of Two Shillings, to commence from the 25th Day of March 1747.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house inhabited, within the Kingdom of Britain, which shall contain Ten Windows, or Lights, or upwards, the yearly Sum of One Shilling for each Window, or Light, in such House.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the said Rates and Duties, there be let apart and applied to the General or Aggregate Fund the yearly Sum of Ninety-one thousand Four hundred Eighty-five Pounds and Six Pence Three Farthings, which appears to have been the annual Produce of such Part of the Duties upon Houses applicable to the said Fund, upon a Medium of Five Years last part.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto by inserting, after the Word Lights," these Words, " and lets than Fifteen, the yearly Sum of Six Pence; " and in every Dwelling-house, as aforesaid, which Aiall " contain Fifteen Windows, or Lights, and less than " Twenty, the yearly Sum of Nine Pence for each Win* " dow, or Light, in such House; and in every Dwellinghouse, as aforesaid, which shall contain Twenty Windows, or Lights

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, thus amended, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid for every Window, or Light, in every Dwelling-house inhabited within the Kingdom of Great Britain, which shall contain Ten Windows, or Lights, and leis than Fifteen, the yearly Sum of Six Pence; and in every Dwelling-house, as aforesaid, which shall contain Fifteen Windows, or Lights, and less than Twenty, the yearly Sum of Nine Pence for each Window, or Light, in such House; and in every Dwelling-house, as aforesaid, which shall contain Twenty Windows, or Lights, or upwards, the yearly Sum of One Shilling for each Window, or Light, in such House.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr. Mr.

Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr.

Solicitor-General, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which, upon Thursday the 18th Day of December last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards raising the Supply granted *' to his Majesty, the Sum of Four millions be raised by " transferable Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds " per Cent, per Annum; and that an additional Capital of " Ten Pounds be added to every One hundred Pounds " advanced; the Interest of the Whole to commence " from Michaelmas 1747: That every Subscriber shall, " on or before the 24th Day of December instant, make a Deposit of Ten Pounds per Cent, with the Cashiers of " the Bank of England; and every Subscriber paying-in 'in the Whole or any Part ol his Money at or before, the Time, or respective Times, that shall be appointed for the

*6 Geo. It.

21° JaHuartt,

24 B

" the Payment thfertiof, such Subscriber shall be allowed " Interest after the Rate of Fire Pounds per Cent, per " Annum, from the Time of the actual Payment thereof, " to Michaelmas next."

Ordered, That it be an Inftnnftion to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Estimate of the Charge of (he General and Gem eral Staff Officers, and Officers of -the Hospitals, for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1747: And also,

An Account of extraordinary Expences incurred on account of the Rebellion, and for-other Services, for the Year 1746, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were read.

The said Estimate and Account are as followfeth; viz.

Estimate of Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-St*ff Officer»( suant to their Address to his Majesty,

md Army.

Extra*. ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers Of the Hospitals,

for his Majesty's Land Forces; for the Year 1747.

For 365 Dtyt.

General and General Sta(^ Officers Officers of the Hospitals Forage for the General and Staff Officers in Flanders m — _ m m m I * d. 38,800 12 $ 6,798 2 6 4,977 2 io£

War-Office, 21st January 1746-7. Total - - - £. 4*.575 17 I0r

H. Feu.

Ah ACCOUNT of extraordinary Expences incurred on Account of the Rebellion, and other Services,

for the Year 1746, not provided for by Parliament.

To the Charge of railing aild subsisting the Militia -

To Ditto of the Wle of Skev' % , Southerland's, and Lord s Militia -To Ditto of the Perthshire Independent Company -To Ditto of the Stirlingshire Volunteers ——

I '

14,679 1

a,oooo — 876 4

168 2

4-

4

6

To Hire of Ships and Boats for pickled Beef, Cattle, and Freight, with sundry other contingent Expences ——

To the Charge of the Hospitals in North Britain ——

lo the Expences and Charges of transporting Brigadier Regimentj and the recovered

Men of several Regiments from Leith to Aberdeen and Inverness -To Major CauIfield, for the Expences of mending the Roads, and building Bridges, in North Britain To extraordinary Shoes provided for the March of the Army in North Britain -To secret Services, and other extraordinary Services of divers Natures in North Britain -To his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, for extraordinary Services in North Britain To Biscuit and Stockings provided by Sir John Ligonier, for the Troops under the Command of his Royal Highness -

To making good several Bridges and Ferries in Lancashire and Chefltire -

For Provisions, Oatmeal, and other contingent Expences of the Garrison of Fort William For the Pay of additional Officers; viz. Captain of the Guides, and Fourier de la Cour, Assistants to the Quarter-master-Gen?ral, Deputy Judge-Advocate, and Provost Marshal - For the Pay of the Commissioned Officers of the associated Regiment in Spittle Fields For the Pay of Staff-Officers of Three Battalion* toimed out of Companies under Marine Colonels To Mr. Ro/s, for Expences incurred on Occasion of the Rebellion -

To Bills drawn by General Campbell for Com and Meal shipped off from Liverpool, for the Support of the well-affected Clans in the West Highlands ——

T# Contingencies upon the Landing of the Hessian Troops -To Five Days ordinary Pay to the HeJJfan Troops, from the 6th August 1745, the Day they began their March, to the 1 ith of the same Month, the Day their Establishment commenced ——

To make their Allowances of Forage equal to those granted to the Troops To the Allowance of Eight Chests bf Medicines to the said Troops

1.719

i>23*

160

7

9

To Mr. Dunda/s, for the Balance of his Account of Forage provided for the Forces in North Britain To complete the Forage-money due to the General and Staff Officers, and Battalions fervingin North Britain ——

To Luke Gardiner Esquire, bn Account of Contracts for Men draughted out of Regiments of Foot in in the Year 1745 ——

To Captain (Feller, for victualling French Sailors (topped in Ireland -

To John Maccarroil, for the Loss of Three Transport-Ships taken by the French going from Dunkirk to Cork -

£* d.

13.563 13 *1

343 18 — a,593 1 10

£ 4

For the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishraents for One Regiment of Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, for One Year, to the 24 December 1746 ——

Vol. 25. 3 R

16,500 13 9

9,097 14 6

r. d.

i7.7a3

9>299

8.598

1,862

8 a*

1 1

14 10

*3 2

2 4

IO 3

14 4

1 a i

15 —

5 6

1,500 ——

800 — —

200 — —

3»117 ,6 9

105 ——

4,746 io —

75,090 8|

For

346-

21* Jamarii.

A. 1746.

For the Pay of a new-raisied Regiment of Dragoons, under the Command of his Royal Highness the Duke of Cumberland, from the 16 September 1746, to the 24 December following, both inclusive - - .

For Levy-money and Accoutrements to the said Regiment 7 For the Pay of Noblemen's, Regiments, exceeding the 244 £. s. i.

Days voted last Session of Parliament, to the Times of Reduction - -- -- - 6,825 6 7

For Bounty-money paid to the reduced Men of the said Regiments ----- --- - 1,457 7 4

To Robert Fowler Coade, Thomas le Cocq, and Charles Lampriere, Contractors

for victualling the Islands of Jersey and Gueptfiy with Biscuit, Cheese, and Salt -

To Thomas- Revell Esquire, Contractor for victualling , and to answer

-all Payments made and to be made, to complete the Service, as well for Victualling as for Insurance, and incident Charges, to 24 December 1746 To his Majesty's Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished for the Garrison of Gibraltar -

To satisfy the Contractors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with (alt Beef, over and above the-6</. per Man per Week, {topped from the Subsistence of

the Regitnents there, pursuant to Contract - -

To the Charges of Efcortes, Coach-hire, Horses, CsV. in fending Money to the Army in Scotland ——

To Camp Necessaries for the Sixteen Regiments of Foot in North Britain, and for his Royal Highness the Duke's Regiment of Dragoons -To Cloathing, for the Augmentation of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards confiding of Vestrymen, who were to be discharged within Six Months after the E'xtinguishment'of the Rebellion - -

& s. d.

5.37* 5."* 6 8 2 —

8,282 13 11

1,13? ""

447 >4 6

1,605 — —

a, 275 ——

i,ioo ——

5,652 11 6

б, 983 1 10

For Bills drawn by Sir JVm. Pepperrell, Admiral Warren, Commodore Knowles, and Governor Clinton, for the following Services viz.

For the Hospitals at Louijburgh ——

For Provisions there ——

For Fuel and Necessaries ——

C‘

*,042

1,292

s. d. 14 1

7 "

803 17 6

702 13 7

6,786 17 6

750 7 1

400 — - —

Fof Cloathing provided for the Garrison -

Whereof paid by the Commissioners of the Navy

ForPresente to the Indian Nations bordering on New

To Equipage of Lieutenant-General St. Clair, on his going on an Expedition - 1,000 — —

To . John Cathcart Esquire, for the Use of the Hospital of Ditto - - - 4,000 —

To Bounty-money to the several Officers under General St. , in Consideration

of their Lodes ----- ----- - 700 — —

To 274 Days Pay of the General and Staff Officers upon the said Expedition, from the 26th of March, to die 24th December 1746, inclusive - 6,530 6 8

To D*, to the Officers of the Hospital, for the same Time - - - 959 ——

To Contingencies upon the said Expedition - ----- - 2,000 — - —

To General St. Clair, to purchase proper Presents for the Northern Indians - - 2,000-

To reimburse him the Charge of providing a new Set of Accoutrements for the

Batfalioirof his Regiment going upon the Expedition - - - - 903 6 8

63,571 16 8

War-Office, 2ift January 1

9.443 *5 8

18,092 13 4

166,198 18 4

Supply.

Ordered, That the said Edimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Ho use.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his MajestyV

Ordered, That the Edimate of the Debt of his M'ajedy's Navy, as it dood upon the 3id Day o lad, be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Didemper which now rages amongst

the

Distempcf

among

Cattle.

2o Geo. II.

21* — 22" Januarii.

omnhten.

leading, Ac. Heads.

Trtttie*

with Holland, See.

the horned. Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 22° die 'Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii II" Regis, 1746. Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the County of Wilts be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen , fur repairing the Highways between the Rear Inn, in , and Punt-

JifU, in the County of Berks', and for making the said Act more effectual; and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned; is referred.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House,

Copy of a Convention between the King of Great Britain and the States General, on the one Part; and the Empress Queen of Hungary and on the other —

Hague, 31st August, N. S. 1746; and,

Trandation: And also,

Copy of a Treaty of Friendship, good Understanding, and Subsidy, between the King of Great Britain and the States General, on the one Part; and the Elector of Bavaria on the other — -Munich, lift , N. S. 1746; and,

Translation: And also.

Copy of a Convention between the King of Great Britain, the Empress Queen of Hungary and,

and the King of Sardinia — Hague, 12th January, N. S. 1747; and,

Trandation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House, Proposal forfurnish-ing a Body of the Troops of Hanover to act in the Low Countries for the Year 1747.

And the said Lift, and the Title of the said Proposal, were read.

The said Copies of the said Conventions and Treaty are bound up with the other Papers of this Session. And the said Translations, and also the said Proposal, are as followeth; viz.

Provisional Convention of Subsidy between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mighti-neftes the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Part; and her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia on the other.

Be it known to all those to whom it belongs. That his Rritamick Majesty, and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the one Side; and her Majesty the Emprels Queen of Hungary and Bohemia on the other; being equally convinced of the Necessity which their common Interests have for aconsiderable Reinforcement of Troops in the Low Countries-, and her Majesty the Empress Queen

having made known to his Britannick Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, that Ihe was ready to furnish an equal Reinforcement of her own Troops, provided that (he was assisted by a proportional Subsidy on their Part; the Three High Contractors have thought proper to regulate and settle this Affair between them by the present Convention; and, for this End, they have supplied with their respective full Powers or Authorizations, to wit, his Britannick Majesty, the Sieur Robert Trevor, his Envoy Extraordinary and

VuL. 25.

Plenipotentiary to their High Mightinesse the Lords the States General of the U nited Provinces of the Low Countries;' and their High Mightinesse the Lords the States General, the Sieurs the Count Etienne Randwyck, Lord of Ho-moet and Gaemeren, Knight of the Order of the White Eagle, Grand Seneschal, Judge, and Dyckgrave of Over-betuwe, Droffard of the Town and Barony of of

the Body of the Nobility of Guelderland, of the Quarter " of Nimeguen-, the Count William Ibrd of

of the Body of the Nobles of the Province of Holland and of West Frifeland-, William Buys, First Secretary of the States of Holland and of West; Henry Fan Hoorn,

Lord of Warmenhuijfe, Crabbenkam, and; James

Henry, Count of Rechteren, Lord of Westerveld, Canon of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter, chosen First Member of the States of the Province of Utrecht; Sjeuck Ger-rold Juckema de Burmania, Baron Rengers, Lord of broeck, Grietman of Franckeradetl; Boldewyn Baron Sloet, Lord of Lyndenhorft, of the Body of the Nobility of the Province of Over-TJfell; Tjaard Adrian Gerlaciui; all Deputies to the Assembly of the said Lords States General, on the Part of the States of Guelderland, Holland, and West Friefland, Zeland, Utrecht,

Groningen, and Ommelanden, on one Part; and her Majesty

the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, the Sieurs Philip des Urftns, Count of RofeBaron of and Graffenftein. Lord of Sonneg, Gricffenburg, Keutfchach Gleis, and other Places, actual Privy-Counsellor of State of their Imperial Majesties, and Hereditary Grand Master of Carinthia, and their Minister Plenipotentiary to their High Mightinesse the Lords States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries; Thadfe, Boron of Reifchach, Lord of Immendingen and of Chamberlain of their Imperial and Royal Majesties, Counsellor of the Regency of the Anterior Austria, and their Envoy Extraordinary to their High Mightinesse the Lords States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, on the other Part; who, after having conferred together, and communicated their respective full Powers or Authorizations, are agreed on the following Articles:

I.

Her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia shall maintain, during this Year, in the Low Countries, and shall cause to act, cither offensively or defen-fively, with the allied Army which is there, a Body of Twenty thousand Men of regular Troops, besides that of Fifty thousand, for which her said Majesty is already engaged by virtue of the Convention signed between his Britannick Majesty and her the 10th June 1746; and this additional Body shall be composed of the following Regiments, to wit, of Infantry, of Charles of Lorfaine, Damnitz, Braune, Platz, Bareith, Vruari; of Cavalry, of Batiani, Liehtenftein,' Wurtenburg, Diemar; of Hufiars,

Nadafti, and Ka/nocki. ' -

n.

Her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia engages to replace effectually, and without Loss of Time, at her Army on the Rhine, by an equal Number of Troops, all those which (he shall have detached to form the said Reinforcement.

iii.

In order to put her Majesty the Empress Queen in a Condition to bear so great an Expence, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesse Che States General, promise and engage to pay to her said Majesty a Subsidy of One hundred Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling for this Year.

IV.

This Sum shall be borne. Two-thirds by his Britannick Majesty, and One-third by their High Mightinesse, the Pound Sterling valued at Eleven Florins Hol/and Cunency, and, in order to provide so much the more readily for the Exigencies of the common Service, his Britannick Majesty, and their High Mightinesse, shall cause to be paid to the Orders of her Majesty the Emprels Queen (after Deduction made of the Sums already advanced to her said Majesty),

‘Treaties with Hollaed, fcc*

2 a6 Januarii.

A. 1745.

Majesty), at London, and at th , respectively, One

Half of their Quota Parts immediately after the Signature of the present Convention) and the other Half in a Month after the Exchange of the Ratifications. ..... . V.

Provided, That it shall be lawful for his Majesty, and their High Mightinesses, to deduct from the said Subsidy; in proportion to what shall be wanting of effective Men in the said Number of Twenty thduiand Men, which her Majesty the Empress Queen is to keep at the allied Army in the Low , in Virtue of the

present Convention. And, in order to be sufficiently informed of the real State of the above-named Regiments composing this Body, the King and the States General shall have the Right and Powdr to make them pass in Review whenever they shall please, by Two Commissiries whom they shall name for that Purpose.

VI.

This Convention shall be ratified by the said High Contractors; and the Ratifications shall be exchanged at the Hague in the Space of Four Weeks, or sooner, if hiay be.

In Testimony Whereof, we the said Plenipotentiaries, or authorized, have signed this Convention, and have- set (hereto the Seals of our Arms. Done at the Hague the Thirty-first of the Month of August, In the Year One thousand Seven hundred Forty-six. (L.S.) Robert‘Trevor. (L. S.) Ph.

(L. S.) Le Comte d t Randwijck.Comte de

(L. S.) W.Bentintk. (L. S.) Baron de

(L.S.) Willem Buys. Reifchach.

(L.S.) H. Van Hoorn.

(L.S.) J. H. Comte de Rccbtcrttl.

(L.S.) S. G. J. V. Renders.

(L. S.) B. Sloes.

Treaty of Priendship, good Underftariding, and Subsidy, between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses the States General, on the one Part; and his moil Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria on the other Part; by virtue whereof, and for the Subsidies therein stipulated, his most Serene and Electoral Highness yields to the Pay of the States General, for the Term of Four Years, a Body of Infantry, with its Staff, Artillery, \Bc. to be employed during this time in the Service of the maritime Powers.

Be it knoWn to all to whom it shall belong: As his most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria embraces, with a real Satisfaction, the Occasion which presents itself to make appear to his Britannick Majesty, EJector of Hanover, and to their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces, the high Esteem which his most Serene Electoral Highness has always had for them; and that he wishes to maintain with his Majesty, and their High Mightinesses, apcrfect Friendship, which may have for its End the attaining to a Re-establishment of the publick Tranquillity, and to the Preservation of the System of the Etnpire, in which his most Serene Electoral Highness ought to take so great a Part; for which Purpose it has been found useful to yield to the Pay of their High Mightinesses the States General a Number of auxiliary Troops, which may be able to contribute to an End so laudable, and equally desired by the maritime Powers: For these Reasons the under-written Ministers, duly authorized, to wit, on the Part of the most High, most Serene, and most Powerful Prince, his Majesty George the Second, King of Great Britain, Elector of Hanover, Stc. &c. &c. the Sieur Onslow Burrish, his Mi-nifter to many Princes and Circles of the Empire, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his most Serene Highness Elector of Bavaria; and, on the Part of their High Mightinesses the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, the Sieur IjaardBaron Van Aylva, Grietman de Baarderadeel, in Frifeland, Deputy of the Province of Frifeland, at the Assembly of their High Mighti-nesses, and their Minister Plenipotentiary to his most Se-

rene Highness the EleCior of BaVarid, oh the one Part j and, of his most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria on the other Part, the Sieur John George^ the Count of KorAgsfetd,

Great Chamberlain; the SieurMaximi/ienFrancis, Count of Rheihfiein and of Tatteripach, Great Master of the Horit', the Sieur Joseph Francis, Count of Sei*fht'm\ and the Sieur Francis Andrew, Baron of Braid\ohn, Vice* Charicellor of the Council of State; which Ministers above* named, and provided on every Side with the necessary Qualifications, and full Powers, after many Conferences* are agreed on the following Articles and CohditidrRt

Article I.

His most Serene Electoral Highness of Bavaria yields to the Pay of their High MightinfeffeS the Lords StatH General of the United Provinces, during the Term df Four futceeding Years, Six Battalions of his Troops, with the proportionable Field Artillery^ each Battalion shall be compelled of a Company of Grenadiers, and bf Eight Companies of Fufilifers, (o that, with the Primo Plan, it shall be Seven hiindied Ninety-one Men strong, compft* hending therein (he gfeat and ftnall Staffof the Regiment! (pecifiea more fully in the annexed LiLetter A\ thfe said Body shall put itself in mafrch Four Weeks aftef the Signature of the present Treaty, and shall trie the Utmost Diligence to join the confederate Army in the Low Countries, to arrive at the Place of its Destination

according to the Orders which shall be given to their General commanding for that Purpose: It shall be commanded by a Bavarian General, and the Staff of the whole Body specified fub Letter B; and all these Troops shall be draughted out of the old Regiments, and delivered well provided with Horses, Arms of the same Bore* and Field-Equipages.

Arficle if.

Inorder toputthis Body in Motion, their High Might!* nesses the Lords States General of the United Provinces oblige themselves to pay, under the Title of Levy-money, Twenty-five Crowns a Head (the Crown valued at Fifty Stivers current Money of Holland) for each single Soldier in Rank and File, the Drummers and Fifes comprehended therein, as also for Twenty-nine Artillery-men, which Payment shall be made at the Hague in current Money; viz.one Half, immediately after the Signature of the present Treaty, to the Person authorized to receive it on the Part of his most Serene Electoral Highness; and that other Half when the Body of Bavarian Troops shall be arrived in the Republick, or at the Place of its Destina* tion; on Condition, however, that Twenty-five Crovms shall be (lopped for each Man who shall be wanting in the said Body the Day that it shall pass Muster, in Presence of the Commissary appointed for that Purpose of the Council of State of the United Provinces; which Twenty-five Crowns, nevertheless, shall be paid (o thio Officers as soon as they shall produce to the aforesaid Commissary the Men who shall have been wanting of the complete Number the Day of the Review.

Article III.

The Body of Bavarian Troops shall, after being reviewed, take the Oath of Fidelity to their High Mighti* nesses the States General of the United Provinces; without Prejudice, however, to the Oath taken to his most Serene Electoral Highness, who reserves expressly to himself the Right of filling up and nominating to thle Commit fions of Officers, and others, which shall become vacant. As soon as this Body shall have been received at Dcmawert by the Commissary of the Republick, their High Mighti-nefies shall be charged with providing for its Entertainment, as well for its March to the Place of its Destina-tion, as for its Return, in case the same shall be sent back, without his most Serene Highness being obliged to . contribute thereto in any (hape, neither in the Field, on the March, or in Winter Quarters. The Bavarian Troops shall be treated in thofs respects, and paid upon the same Foot with the Republick's own National 'Troops: Their High Mightinesses take upon themselves to provide the Requisitorial Letters for the March and the Return of the said Troops.

Article IW

2oGeO.IL 22#

Article IV.

The Body of Bavarian Troops shall remain under the Command and J ui ifdidtion of the General which his most Serene Ele&oral Highness shall have appointed, as well in the Field as in W inter Quarters; upon Condition, however, that he shall be obliged to govern himselfaccording to the Orders of the General that shall command in Chief the Troops of the Republick, who shall always have full Power to punish upon the Spot, and in 24 Hours time, the Faults committed against the General Orders; but, after the Expiration of the 24 Hours, the Offenders shall, according to the antient Custoro, be delivered up to the Justice of the Bavarian Generality. The fnid Body shall remain together in the Field as in Winter Quarters, as much as the Real on of War will permit, whereof the General commanding in Chief the Troops of the Kcpub-lick shall be the Judge: It shall encamp in the Army according to the Hank which his most Serene Electoral Highnds holds in ti c Empire; and it shall be treated in the Army, in Winter Quarters, and in the Garrisons, as to all military Services, without Distinttion, as the Kepublick's own Troops, without any Partiality whatever: It shall feive jointly with the other Troops of their Fligh Mightincffes the States General of the United Provinces, in the ul'ual Proportion of the Number of Battalions, which shall be regulated by the Electoral Majors of Brigade, and other Majors of Brigade in the Army, according to the Plans to be made thereof; and the Bavarian Officers shall be left with their Corps, as much as the Rank and Seniority will permit. Regard being had to the Dates of their Commissions.

Article V.

Whenever the Generals of the same Rank with those who shall ,lcrvc in the Body of Bavarian Troops shall be called to a Council of War, the Bavarian Generals shall likewise be invited thereto; and, when it shall be agreed to march, the General commanding in Chief the Bavarian Corps shall have notice thereof at the same time with the other Generals.

Article VI.

During the Four Years complete, to reckon from the Day that the said Troops shall be received at by the Commissary of the Republick, they shall be left io the Pay of their High Mightim ffes, to be employed where, and in what manner, the Service of the maritime Powers may require.

Article VII.

On the other hand, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses the States General of the U nited Provinces, engage t hemil i ves tocaul'e to be paid tQ his most Serene Electoral Highnel'sannually the Sum of

Banco Crowns; that is to say, his Britannick Majesty the Three-fourth Parts of the said Sum, in; and

their High Mightinesses One-fourth, at the Hague-, as a Subsidy, payable from Three Months to Three Months, without the leall Deduction; which Subsidy is to commence on the Day specified in the preceding Article.

Article VIII.

In case the Republick, before the Expiration of the Term agreed on, should have no more Occafim for the Bavarian Troops, and shall think proper to lend them back, their High Mightinesses shall be obl'ged to give notice thereof to his most Serene Electoral Highness Three Months beforehand, and to give them their Pay till they shall be arrived again on the Frontiers of Bavaria, and re-delivered to the Commissary of his must Serene Electoral Highness, who shall be ready to receive them; provided also, that they march, from the Day of their being sent back, by the shortest Route, without halting any longer than the Custom of War allows: And as his most Serene Electoral Highness obliges himself, from the Signing of this present Treaty, to put the Bavarian Troops in a Condition to march in the Space of Four Weeks, and even that the First Divinon, conlifting of Two Battalions, shall set out Twenty Days after the Signing of this present Treaty, it is understood, that, in calc the

Vol. 25.

tunuariu 249

Peace should be made before the Day agreed on for the Tmties with March of the said Troops and that their High Might:- Holland, &c, nesses, for that Reason, should not judge it necessary to cause them to come into the Netherlands the Republick, nevertheless,'shall be obliged to pay the Entertainment of Threc Months, and likewise the Levy-money, in Conformity to the Second Article of tlus present Treaty; and she engages herself likewise to give notice to his most Serene Electoral Highness, Tlnce Months beforehand, of the Return of the said Troops, in case their High Mightinesses should judge it proper to fend them back before the Expiration of the Four Years, for which the present Treaty is made; his most Serene Electoral Highness promises, in Return, to keep them up in such a State during the Time of the said Four Years, as to be able to march, again on the first Requisition of the States General of the United Provinces.

Article IX.

In this Cafe, that is to say, from the Time of the Return of the Bavarian Corps into the Pay of his most Serene Electoral Highness, until the Expiration of the Term of Four Years, the Subsidies of 150,000 Banco Crowns shall be augmented by the Sum of 100,000 Banco Crowns; so that the Subsidies are then to amount to 250,000 Banco Crowns, which shall be always punctually paid without the lead Diminution, and in the same Manner, and at the same Times, as has been agreed above in the 7th Article.

Article X.

In Conformity to his most Serene Highness the Elector of Bavaria's, Engagement with her Imperial Majesty the Queen ot Hungary and Bohemia, by the Treaty of the 17th June <.f this present Year, and renewed this Day, to go in Concert, and to communicate, with her said Imperial Majesty in what regards the Affairs of the Empire* and the Preservation of its System; and that particularly with the same View his most Serene Electoral Highness is inclined to second the Intentions of her Imperial Ma-jsfty on the 2d Decree of the Imperial Commission, touching the publick Safety, with his Vote at the^General Diet of the Empire; he hereby reiterates the same Assurances to his Britannick Majesty, and to their High Mightinesses, and promises to execute them faithfully.

Article XI.

The annual Recrufts shall be made on the same Foot as is practised with regard to their High Mightinesse own Troops, so that in like manner the Bavarian Corps is to be paid on the complete Foot of the Regulation practised in the Republick; the Officers shall also be obliged to raise the Recruits at their own Exjicncej for this Purpose his most Serene Electoral Highness expressly requires, that the Commanding Officers of the Corps be allowed to fend, in the Winter, the necessary Orders for raising the Recruits wanting in Bavaria, and also in the Empire.

Article XII.

The Losses sustained in the Field, in Men or Horses, on account of any military Expedition, or of any Foraging, shall be made good upon the same Foot as the Republick makes them good to its own National Troops.

Article XIII.

The Bavarian Generals, and the Officers and Soldiers of the said Corps, who may happen to be made Prtloners of War, shall have the Benefit of the Cartel made with the Enemy, and shall be exchanged against other Prisoners of War, or elle ransomed and redeemed at the Expence of their High Mightinesses: On the other hand, the Prisoners which the Bavarian Troops shall makefepa-rately, or together with other Troops, shall be delivered up gratis to the General commanding the Troops of the Republick.

Article XIV.

The Empire, of which his most Serene Ele&oral High-rvefs has the Honour to be One of the most considerable Members, not being at present at War with any Power, his most Serene Ele&oraiHighness solemnly promises, that

3 S he

Treatits with Holland, &c.

2 2® Januarii.

A. 1746.

he will not separate himself from the fempire in any kind, nor suffer his Troops to be employed in any manner against his Imperial Majesty, nor against the Empire.

Article XV.

All Deserters, without Distinction, who shall have been heretofore in the Service of the Republ-ck, or of any other Power, and who shall, on the Day of the Review, be found inlisted in the Bavarian Battalions, shall not be reclaimed on account of Desertion: On the other hand, the Chiefs of the Bavarian Regiments, in like manner, shall not have Power to reclaim the Deserters which shall have been in the Service of his Imperial Majesty Charles the 7 th, of glorious Memory, or of his most Serene Electoral Highness now reigning.

Article XVI.

The Rtfwrw//Officers shall not inlist any Deserters from the Troops of the Republick; and the Soldiers,

who shall desert from their Corps after the Review made by the Commissary of the Republick, shall not be engaged, on any Pretence whatever, in the Service of the States General; and when the Magistrates of the Countries, in which the Bavarian Corps shall serve, shall have discovered any Deserters concealed in their Territories or Jurisdictions, they shall be obliged to deliver them up to their Officers: And this Stipulation shall be likewise applicable to the Officers Servants, and to all who shall be in the Service of the said Corps.

Article XVII.

Their High Mightinesse oblige themselves to admit the Bavarian Troops into their Hospitals, and to have them taken care of as their own Troops, provided that they pay the ordinary Contribution, or the Pay, on the same Foot as the National Troops do: The Bavarian Officers shall be permitted to examine, by some among them, in what manner the Sick are treated at d attended, and to make a Report thereof to their Chiefs: It shall also be permitted for the Priests of the Roman Catholick R.Tigion to visit the Sick and Wounded of their Religion, who shall be in the Hospitals, as usual.

Article XVIII.

- At the Departure of the Troops, his most Serene Electoral Highness shall cause to be given to every Soldier Twenty-four Charges, and Fifty to the Artillery for each Piece of Cannon; and, whilst they shall remain in the Pay of their High Mightinesse, there shall be distributed to them, for their Exercises, the same quantity of Powder, Bullets, and Cannon-balls, as is given to the National Troops; and, at their Return, there shall be delivered to the said Troops the same Quantity of Munition as they were provided with at their Departure.

Article XIX.

The Sutlers, and those called Marquetenters, shall be treated, as well in the Field as in Garrison, in the same Manner, and shall enjoy the same Immunities, as the Sutlers and Marquetenters who attend the National Troops of the Repub ick; and their High Mightinesse engage to grant Passports for the Furniture, Arms, and other Requires necessary for the Troops, in order to exempt them from paying the Taxes to the States.

Article XX.

Their High Mightinesse allow the free Exercise of Religion to the Bavarian Troops, as well in the Field as in Garrison, in the same manner as they allow it to their own Subjects; and if the said Troops should happen to be in a Place where there is no Church of their Religion, there shall be assigned them a convenient Place for Divine Service.

Article XXI.

' The Ratifications of this Treaty shall be exchanged at Munich Six Weeks after the Signature, or (boner if it can be done. In Testimony whereof, we the underwritten, by virtue of our respective full Powers, which we have duly exchanged, have signed the present Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put there-

to. Done at Munich, the Twenty-first Pay of Julj 1746.

(L. S.) OnJlovj Burrish. (L. S.) Jean (JeorgC, Comte?

de Konigsfeld.

(L. S.) T. VanAylva. (L. S,) Maximilien, Comte

de Rheinjlein et Tattenpack.

(L. S.l Joseph Francis, Comte de Scinfheim.

(L. S.) Francis Andre, Baron de

Letter A,

State of a Regiment of Foot of One Battalion of 791 Men; viz. One Company of Grenadiers of 87 Men, and Eight Companies of Fuziliers, each of 87 Men.

Small Staff.

l Quarter-matter.

1 Auditor.

1 Chaplain.

1 Adjutant.

1 Surgeon Major.

1 Waggon Matter, at the Wages of a SerjeanL 1 Drum Major.

1 Prevot, with his Attendants.

8 Men.

A Company of Grenadiers.

2 A Captain and his Servant.

4 Two Lieutenants and their Servants.

3 Serjeants.

3 Two Drummers, and a Fifer,

1 Clerk.-

74 Grenadiers, including Three Corporals;

87 Men.

A Company of Fuziliers.

2 A Captain and his Servant.

2 A Lieutenant and his Servant.

2 An Ensign and hri Servant.

3 Serjeants.

3 Two Drummers, and a Fife, l Ckrk.

74 Fulilcers, including a Matter of Arms, and 3 Cor» porals.

87 Men.

State of a Battalion.

1 Colonel,

1 Lieutenant-Colonel,

1 Major,

6 Captains,

1 Captam-L:eutenant,

9 Lieutenants,

8 Ensigns,

27 Serjeants.

27 Drums and Fifes,

9 Clerks.

66h Grenadiers and Fufiliers.

with 27 . Servants.

783 Men.

8 the Small Stalf.

Total of Battalion 791 Men.

6

Makes, in all, for 7 A Six Battalions 54,740

Total for Six Battalions.

Artillery.

6 Three Lieutenants, with their Servants.

2 Two Chief Engineers.

2 Second Engineers.

1 Harbinger,) { the ^yages of Bombardiers.

1 Surgeon,) b

a Corporals.

12 Gunners, or Handlangers,

12 Second

ao Geo. II.

22° Janu

II Second Gunners, or Flandlangers. l Clerk of the Artillery-a Dhrmmers, at the Pay of Handlangers. i Master Farrier, \ l Master Cartwright, f at the Pay of i Master Saddler, C in the Dutch Service, i Master Arrftourer, '

4 Assistants, at the Pay of Handlangers,

49 Men.

Artillery and Appurtenances.

Waggons. Horses.

6 Pieces of Four Pounds, with Ammunition Carts For-Provisions - For the Shop of the Farriers For the Iron and Coals

2 M after Waggoners. 38 Under-Waggoners.

6

6

24

12

24

6

12

16

78

For what regards the Appurtenances for the Cannon, the Ammunition Carts, and other Provisions, for want of sufficient lnftrudion, this Article is left to be finally settled at the Arrival of the Commissary of the Repub-lick, who shall tender the Oath to the Troops.

Onjloiv Burrish.

T. Pan Aylva.

J. G. Comte de

Letter B.

Staff.

Accepted under thcReferve of 1 One General of Infan-thegood Pleasure of their High> try, who commands Mightinefies- -) the Troops in Chief.

2 Aides de Camp.

The 2d Major-General shall en-| joy the ordinary Pay of Colonel, and the additional Pav, to make iiuTwo Majors-General. etjual to that of the First Major /2Two Aidesde Camp. General, leaving in the room a Colonel behind -

Sub spe rati

Sub spe rati

Sub spe rsti

1 Quarter-master, at t liePay of Lieuenant-Colonel.

x Major of Brigade.

1 Father Almoner.

1 His Deputy.

1 OneWaggon Master.

1 One Commissary of War.

1 His Clerk.

1 Secretary for the General commanding.

1 His Copyist.

1 Auditor-General.

1 His Deputy.

1 Remembrancer.

1 Prevot-General.

1 Hangman and his Servant.

1 Surgeon for the Staff

22 Men.

For what relates to the Waggons, they shall be made good upon the Foot which is uled towards the National Troops.

Onslow Burrish.

T. Pan Aylva.

J. G. Comte de Konigsfeld.

Convention for the Campaign of 1747.

Be it known to ail those to whom it appertains, That the dangerousS tuation, and the critical Circumstances, in which the Affairs of the common Cause have been found hitherto, and particularly during the Two last Campaigns, by means of the superior Forces of the House of Bourbon, requiring the moll fciious Attention on the

Part of the allied Powers, and the greatest Precautions, not only to be in a Condition to relict them for the future, but to be able likewise to repair the past Losses, Vox.. 25.

and oblige the Enemy to a just and lasting Peace, in case Treaties with the Conferences appointed at Breda for a general Pacifi- Holland, &c. cation should prove of no Effets, by a continued Series ot Difficulties and Obstacles which France has hitherto thrown in the Way; his Britannick Majesty, always attentive to the Safety of Europe, and the good of the common Caule, having been touched particularly with the Necessity and Importance of chefe very Precautions; has thought he could not better and more lurely attain them than by propohng to his Allies her Majesty the Emprels Queen, his Majesty the King of , and the States General of the United Provinces, to enter into a Concert amongst them to make the inofteffe£tual Preparations, in order to bring great Armies early into the Field, and in a Condition to act vigorously in the Beginning of the Spring.

Upon the Proposition which his Majesty has

cauled to be made to the respective Courts, the Three first Powers have duly authorized their respective Ministers; to wit, his Britannick Majesty, the Sieur Earl

of Sandwich, Villount Hinchinbrooke, Baron Montagu of

St. Neot's, One of the Lords of the Admiralty, his Minister Plenipotentiary to their High Mightinefies the Lords States General of the United Provinces, and at the Conferences at Breda; and her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, the Sieurs Charles Count de Bathyany. Hereditary Lord of Gufng, and of the Lord ships of Sicklos, Bolya, Mofgo, and Yjock, in Hungary, of Neuhoff and Gotenoz in Bohemia, supreme Hereditary Count in the County of Eyfemburg, &c. Chamberlain, Actual Privy-Counsellor ot State of their Imperial Majesties, Viceroy of Dalmatia, , and Slavonia,

Field Marshal, Colonel of a Regiment of Dragoons,

General commanding the Imperial Troops in the Low Countries, Minister Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and for the Government General of the said Low Countries; Ferdinand Count duHarrach, Counsellorot theii Imperial Majesties,

Marshal and Colonel of the Country of Lower Austria, and Minitler Plenipotentiary of her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia to their High Mighti-neflls the Lords States General of the United Provinces, and at the Congress of Breda; and Fhadei Baron de Reifchach, Lord of Immendingin and Zimmerholtz, Chamberlain of their Imperial and Royal Majesties, Counselior of the Regency of Anterior Aufria, and their Envoy-Extraordinary to their High Mightinefies the Lords States General of the United Provinces; and his Majesty the King of Sardinia,

to draw up and sign a Convention, stipulating the Forces and Troops which each shall furnish to compose Two Armies, One destined. to act in the Southern Part of France; and another, superior to that of France, to be employed in the Low Countries; and the Subsidies the better to enable them to execute it.

Article I.

For this Purpose, and in order to execute this Plan, the said Ministers, after having conferred together upon the above-mentionedObjects, and communicated to each other their Powers, have, in the Name of their respective Sovereigns, in the First place, agreed. That all Conventions and Treaties formerly concluded between the Three Powers jointly' or separately, and which are actually in Force, and from which the piefent does not derogate, shall have their full and intire Effbt, and shall be reciprocally executed and fulfilled in their whole Extent.

Article II.

As the Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, have entered thereupon previously into Concert with the Slates General of the United Provinces of the Lozv Countries, the RTult of the Conferences held on thisOccasion between the said Ministers and the Deputies of the States General, which is inserted Word for Word in this Act, shall have the same Force as the other Articles of the present Treaty, in whatever concerns their respective Courts.

" Result

"Treaties with Holland, &c»

21 januarii.

A. 11746.

44 Result of the Conferences held between the Minitiers of his Brilamick Majesty, her Majesty the " Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and " the Deputies of their High Mightinesse.

Article I.

44 As the Netherlands have hitherto not been able to refill the Superiority of the Arms of , and that it is essential to the Interestof the common Cause to 14 provide for their Security, as well as for the Defence " of the United Provinces, it is agreed to bring an-Army " of One hundred and Forty thousand Men into the Field for that Purpose, which Army shall be composed of the following Contingents:

44 That of his Brilamick Majesty is fixed at Forty " thousand Men, the Hanoverian and Hessian Troops included.

" That of her Majesty the Empress Queen at Sixty thousand Men, beftdes Ten thousand Men which her " Imperial Majesty thall maintain in the Low to provide for the Security of Luxembourg.

" Their High Mightinesse thall prepare for their Contingent, to be joined to the allied Army as auxiliary " Troops, the Number of Forty thousand Men, the Bavarian Troops included; of which Number of Forty " thousand Men, Thirty-five thousand thall march to join the combined Army as soon as it shall be assembled; and the other Five thousand as toon as the Army " so assembled shall be found superior, and to be the " first in the Field, and that consequently they may with " Safety be spared from the Garrisons.

Article II.

" To fulfil the Contingents above-mentioned, his Britannick Majesty's Forty thousand Men shall be compoted of the following Battalions and Squadrons:

cc 44 British Troops. Number and Names of

44 the Battalions. Number of Men,

« One Battalion of Wolfe 780

cc - Graham 780

cc - - - Pulteney 780

cc - Howard - 780

cc - Craufurd 780

cc - Douglas 780

cc - - - Johnson 780

cc Second Battalion of the First

44 Regiment of Guards 891

u Second Battalion of the Third

<4 Regiment of Guards 891

cc Scotch Fuziliers - 780

cc Welsh Fuziliers - 780

cc Dejean - 780

cc Conway - - - - 780

cc Artillery, Five Companies - 500

cc Independent Companies 300

cc Number and Names of 11,162

" the Squadrons. Number of Men.

cc Three Squadrons of Stair S°S

cc Rothes - s°s

cc - Cope 505

cc - Rich s°s

cc - of his R. Highness the

44 the Duke ... 405

2.4*5

44 Total - 13,587 English.

" Hanoverian' Troops.

14 Number and Names of

" the Battalions. Number of Meav

Two Battalions of Guards - 1,6*9

cc . - 1 Campttt * 814

« Sommerfeld - 8 J4

tc - Drucklebcn - 814

cc - Klinkojltum - 814

cc Zajirozv 814

cc - Block - 814

cc Sporcken 8-14

u 2 - Bcrck - l- 814

1C - Fruideman 8-14

cc m Horn. - 814

Cc - Hugo - S14

cc - Oberg - 814

cc - CheuJJes - 8-14

Munc how 814

44 Artillery - 3^5

13,410

Number and Names of

the Squadrons. Number of Men.

Two Squadrons of Body Guards 359 " - - of Schultz en- 359

" - - - Monligny - 359

Hammerjlein 7. co

44 Behr - 359

44 Wreden - 359 " - - - Haidenberg 339

44 Pont Pihin 715

44 Wendt - 715

44 Adelepfen - 715

4,65$

Total - 18,068

44 Hejians,

44 Number and Names of

44 the Battalions. Number of Mea.

cc One of Grenadiers 800

cc - - Guards - 800

cc - - Prince Frederick 800

cc - - Prince Maximilian - 800

cc - - Mansbach 800

cc - - Donop - - - 800

C* Artillery - ISO

cc Number and Names of 4,920

" the Squadrons. Number of Men;

44 2 of the Body Guards - 300

44 - - Prince Maximilian - 300

" ' - Creffendorff - - 300

44 - - YJJenbourg - - 300

44 Hulfars - 60

1,260

44 Total - 6,180

44 Total - 37,855 44 Four Battalions more, either English or Hanoverians, which are to be forthwith named, in order to be ready by the ift of 4‘ March, at 780 - - - 3,120

44 Total - 4»975

44 The

40 GSO. It.

22° Jatiuarii.

255

44 The Sixty thousand Men of her Imperial Majesty the Empress Queen shall be composed of the following Re " giments, Battalions, and Squadrons:

44 Number and Names of Regiments. Companies of Grenadiers;

" Infantry. Charles of Lorraine -2 " Vieux Konigfeg - 2

" Arenberg ----- z

" Los Rios ----- 2

" IVaideck * 2 -

" IVurmbrand ----- a

" Bolt a ----- 2

" Damnitz ----- a

" Sa/m ----- - 1

" Browne ----- a

" Gayfruch ----- a

" IVolfenbuttel - - - - 3

Platz ----- a

" Bareith - - - - a

" V'tvary ——

" Bethlem ——

" Haller..... —

44 Trench -

" Ligne ——

Treaties with Holland; fcc.

44 Number and Names of the Regiments " of Cavalry.

" Althan Lichtenstein Bathiani - Stir urn " Ligne " IVurtenberg " H

44 Diemar " Birhenfeld " Bentheim -

Squadrons.

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

7

70

Men.

1,000

1.000

1.000

*.094

1,094

1.000

1.000

1.000

1.000

1.000

a -

2 -

31

" Number and Names " of the Regiments " of Huflars.

" GAy/un 44 Nada/fi Carols'

" Eflcrhaifi Belefnay " Colnochi

Battalions.

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

2

3

3

2

3 3 3 3 3

3

a

Men.

2.300

3.300

2.300

2.300

3.300

2.300 *,300

3.300 1,500

2.300

2.300

1.600

2.300 2,306

2.250

2.250

2.250

2.300

1.600

54

Squadrons.

5 5 5 5 5 5

3 "Jofikaife Companies of Aug

" mentation 1

31

u

Infantry Cavalry Hussars -4 Franche Companies Total -

a Companies of Grenadiers.

3r

Item, Four Franche Companies of Foot of io*i3S Men.

44 Making, in all.

Battalions and Squadrons.

54

7° -

3i - -

4*>35°

Men.

1.300 i»3°° 1^00 1,400

1.300 *>3°°

200

8.300 - 600

3l

4‘ As there are Prisoners of War amongst the Battft- lions and Squadrons here above specified j viz.

44 Names of the Comprnies 01

44 Regiments. Grenadiers, Battalions. Men.

Horses.

- 10,188

8,300

60,438 18,48

44 The Forty thousand Men of their Nigh Mighti-nesses shall be composed of the following Battalions and Squadrons:

Men.

4*,35° 10,188

8,300

600

155

44 Vieux Kenigfegg - Arenberg - -

" Los Rios Saint -

44 Ligne, with Two Com- panics of Grenadiers

1 -

2 -

700

700 800 700

T.180

3 5 4,o8o

44 it is agreed that if, contrary to Expectation, the said Prisoners of War should not be exchanged forth* 44 with, her Majesty the Empiefs Queen shall actually make the necessary Dispositions, that they may be sup- plied in time by a like Number of Croats.

" The farther Ten thousand Men, which her Majesty the Emprcfc Queen is to maintain in the Low Countriesf to provide for the Security of , shall be

44 composed of the following Battalions, and Companies of Grenadiers:

44 Names of the Companies of

44 Regiments. Grenadiers. Battalions. Meni.

Prid 2 3 2,300

Ligne — - 1 700

Saint 1 1 800

IVolfenbuttel — - 1 700

Arberg - - 2 4 3,000

Nouveau IVallon 2 3 2,300

Vo:.. 25. 7 13 9*8 00

Number and Names of the Battalions.

3 Bavarian Battalions

3 - -

1 Guards -

2 Colyear -

1 Stuart

1 - -

I Majoribanhs

I -

3 Swift Hirtzel

1 Nassau Stadthoulder Gueldre 1 Confant -

1 Plant a -

1 Sturler -

2 Nassau Stadthoulder Frife

2 IVaide ck -

2 Saxe Gotha 1 La Lippe - -

I Burmania -

1 Braun -

1 Rheede Oudjhorn-

1 Gadeiliere -

1 Croycz -

1 Lewo

1 Panthaleon

1 Vsllattes -

1 Brake/ -

36 T

3 T

Number of Men. *.349 *,349

- 900'

1.720 860

- 860 860 860

- 2,400

860

- too

800

- 800

1.720

1.720

1.720 860 860 860 860 860 860

- 860.

860

860

- 860

30,17

" Number

*54

2a" Januarii.

A. 1745.

Tr«ties with " Number and Names of

Holland, he. the Squadrons. Number of Men.

Dragoons. 5 Squadrons of Dragoon

Guards - - -810

" 5 Slippenbach - - - 810

" 5 Saxe Gotha - - 810

15 2,430

" Each Squadron at 162 Horse.

tk Number and Names of

" Squadrons. Number of Men.

Cavalry. " 3 Squadrons of Guards - 558

3 HejfePhilipftal - - 338

" 2 Berkenfeldt - - - 372

2 Hop - 372

" 2 Schack - 372 " 2 Ginckel -372

" 2 NaJJaU Stadthoulder Frif 372

" 2 Or 1 he late Prince of

" Horn berg - - 372

2 Lynden- 372

2 J?«yr - - - 372

" 2 Schagett - - 372

2 Regteren Overy - "37a

" 1 Comte Matirich - - 186

" 1 Regteren Zelandee - - 186

" 1 Carabiniers - - - 186

44 7>8z4

t " Each Squadron at 186 Horse.

Hussars, 4 Squadrons - 8do

" Infantry, 36 Battalions 30,178

" Cavalry, 44 Squadrons. 7,824

" Hussars, 4 Squadrons - 800

" '4 Franche Companies - 630

" Artillery - 600

Total - - 40,052 Article III.

The said Contingents are to be ready, in order to be assembled to form the allied Army, on the id of March next at farthest; and it is to be underftuod, ".that, her Majesty the Empress Queen shall hold in Readinels for that Purpose the Number of Fifty thousand Men of her Contingent for the said ill of u and the remainingTen thousand Men fHall befurmshed " by her said Majesty in the Course of the Month of " April next, at the farthest.

Article IV.

" Agreeably to the Offers made by the Ministers of " her Majesty the Empress Queen, to verify the effect ive " Number of Troops which are to form the Contingent of her said Majesty, authentick Muster-Rolls shall, from time to time, be furnished to his Britannick Majesty and their high Mightinesses, signed by the Imperial Commanding General, as well of the Recruits, " as they shall arrive, as to shew the real Force of the said C mtingent, in Men and in Horses, which shall be actually preTent, and upon the Places; and, the better " to ascertain the Thing, his Britannick Majesty and their " Hiih Mightinesses (hill have Liberty, either jointly " or separately, to cause tl em to be mustered, as often as " they shall think proper, by Two or more Generals, " whom they thall name for that Purpose; to be understood, however, that her Majesty the Empress shall have the same Liberty with respect to the allied " Troops, if her Impetial Majesty shall require it.

Article V.

" Besides the said Contingents destined for thecom- bined Army of the Allies, the Garrisons must be provided by the respective Powers to whom the Towns or * Places belong; but in such a manner, that Lifts thereof " shall be formed, which shall be, from time to time, transmitted to the General in Chief who shall com* " mand the combined Army; and, if the Necessity

tf should require that the Garrisons rhould be reinforced,

" the same shall be done out of the Troops of the allied Army, belonging to the Power to whom the Towns or Places appertain.

Article VI.

" Whereas the chief Command of the allied Army l* in the Low Countries is conferred by his Britannick Majesty, her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and their High Mightinesses, on his

" Royal Highness the Duke of , the follow-

ing Articles are agreed on to serve for a Rule on that Occasion

Article I.

" The chief Command of the Army of the Allies in the Low Countries being conferred by his Britannick Majesty, her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary " and Bohemia, and their High Mightinesses, on his " Royal Highness the Duke of the Generals

" and the Troops who shall composethat Army shall be " under the Orders of his Royal Highness during the " next Campaign.

Article II.

" The General commanding in chief shall, in every thing which regards the Operations of the War, ‘and " the Good of the common Cause, consult with the chief " General of each Body of the allied Troops that are " under his Command; which Generals may consult with the Generals of those Troops under their Command, upon the Matters proposed, whenever they shall find it necessary.

Art'de III.

" When the General commanding in chief shall thtnjc " proper to call a Council of War, that Council shall " c- nlift of Generals or Officers cfeach Natron, of equal " Rank.

Article IV.

" The Orders which the G.neral commanding in chief " shall give the Troops that shall compose the allied " Arm'1, shall bedi.eAcd to the General who (hallcommand each Cotps, as far as the Service can permit the " fame. *

Article V.

" The Detail of their Troops shall be left to the Generals of each Corps.

Article VI.

" The Troops of the combined Army of the different " Nations shall be tieated, with regard to the Service, " upon one and the same Foot, and shall enjoy equally " Quarters, and other Advantages.

' Article VII.

" As to the Rank and Service of the Generals, and " other tuch like Articles, the same Method shall be " followed as was praiftiled in the War finished by the " Peace of Utrecht.

Article VIII.

t: The said General commanding in chief shall act in " Concei t with the General commanding the Troops of " the States General of the United Provinces in the allied " Army, in all that shall relate to the Security of the " Frontiers of the Republick; and, if he finds necessary " to draw Troops of his Britannick Majesty, or of her " Imperial Majesty, out of the Places of the State where " they are at present, or where they may be received " hereafter, he shall not fend the Orders and Warrants " directly to the Officers commanding the Regiments, * nor even to the Governors of the Places, but shall direct them to the States General, that they may join " their Warrants thereto in the usual Form, when it " shall be found necessary to draw Troops out of Places " in Brabant and Flanders, which are of the Sovereignty " of the United Provinces; but if it shall be found " necessary to draw them out of Places situated in the " fiid Provinces, there must be a Warrant from the States " of the Province, besides that of the States General; and " the said Troops shall be obliged, in their Marches, to " follow the Orders contained in the Warrants, and the " Routes which shall be given them.

Article

20 Geo. II. i2° j

Article IX.

" likewise the Troops of his Majesty, or

11 of her Imperial Majesty, cannot enter either into the said Places in Brabant or Fland, or into those situated

" in the United Provinces, nor even enter into their Ter- ritones, upon the foie Orders or Warrants of the said Commander in Chief, but the like Warrants must be " had as in the preceding Article; except that it shall be " sufficient to have an Order from the General commanding the Troops of the State with the Allied Army, to receive them into Places which shall be threatened with a Siege, into which it will be necessary to throw " Men, without having time to write to the Hague.

Article X.

" The Troops of his Britannick Majesty, or of her Im*

44 perial Majesty, being in Garrison in the Places of the State, (lull, at their Entering, take the Oath according to the Form inserted at the End of this Result, and obey the Orders of the Governors or commanding Officers tn all that relates to the Service; but the said Governors or Commandants shall not have Power to intertere with their Detail.

Article XI.

44 The Troops of his Britannick Majesty, and of her Imperial Majesty, being in Garrison in Places of the State, shall be treated upon the same Foot, and in the same Manner, as the Troops of the State.

Article XII.

44 Towards the End of the Campaign the Winter Quarters shall be settled by common Agreement; and the Troops shall not be separated5, to go into Winter Quarters, but with a mutual Consent.

44 Fcrm of the Oath:

44 We promise and (wear. That we will faithfully serve the States General of the United Provinces, and the States of each P'ovince (without Prejudice, however, 44 to the Oath of Fidelity which we have taken to his tannick Majesty, or her Imperial Majesty) during the whole time that we shall be in Garrison in the Town of and v dl defend the same against all those

44 who shall attempt any thing against its Security, 44 without doing the lead Injury or Damage to the Burghers or Inhabitants; and that in general we shall behave as it hecometh Officers and Soldiers of Honour and Valour."

Article HI.

Her Majesty the Empress shall, besides what is mentioned in the preceding Helult, furnish a Body of Sixty thousand effective Men, which shall act in the Southern Part ot France.

Arc! his Majesty the King of Sardinia shall have a Body of Thirty thousand effective Men to act jointly with the Imperial Army in France.

Article IV.

Her Majesty the Empress, and his Majesty the King of Sardinia, shall moreover entertain a sufficient Number of Troops in Italy ready and in a Condition to act, to the end that the Possessions of their Majesties may be secured, and that the King of Spain may have room to apprehend a future Entcrpriz- against the Kingdom of Naples and Sicily, in case his Catholick Majesty should not make Peace with his Britannick Majesty and h>s Allies: It is however understood, that there shall not, upon any Cun-(ideration, be diminished from the Numbtrot Sixty thousand Imperialists and Thirty thousand , which

are, as it is laid ab ve, to act in France.

His Britannick Majesty shall furnish Ships

of War, which shall second and support the Ofierations of the combined Army in every thing which may favour the Interest of the Allies in the Southern Part of , and on the Coasts of Italy; and his Sardinian Majesty engages himself to employ his Gailies to favour those same Objects.

Her Majesty the Empress shall certify to her Allies the Number of her Troops in the Southern Part of,

as also of those that shall remain in Italy, by the Commu-Vbl. 25.

'anuarii. £55

nication of authentick Returns signed by the Command- Treatie* with ing General, in which the Number of Troops; as they Holland, were in the Month of October lad, shall be set down; ana ihalllikcwife be shewn, by authentick Returns, the it Augmentations and Recruits made since, that the Num- ber which was wanting in the Month of October hath been filled up, and effectually replaced; and his Majesty the King of Sardinia engages himself in the like manner with respect to his Troops.

Article V.

To enable ber Majesty the Empress Queen to bear (a great an Expence, and the better to put her in a Condition to make the above Efforts, and to fulfil her Engagements, his Britannick Majesty engages himself to cause to be paid to her said Majesty a Subsidy of Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling for this Year.

Article VI.

That Sum shall be paid in the City of London, into the Hands of the Sieur de H'afner, her Imperial Majesty's M inifter, or to the Person or Persons authorized by the Emprcls to receive the same.

One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling shall be paid on the Twenty-fourth of this Month, to put the Troops of her Majesty the Empress in a Condition to act at the Time fixed, of the Firstof March, and the Course of the Month of April; and the other Payments shall be made as follows, viz. On the last Day of February, Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling; on the last Day of March,

Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling; and, finally, Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling the last Day of April-, the Payment of the last One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling shall be made when the Sixty thousand Men destined for the Campaign of the Netherlands shall be declared complete by the Certificate of the Generals named for the Mustering of them; and, in case they are nt so at the End of the Month of April, his Britannick Majesty shall not be engaged towards her Imperial Majesty fora higher Subsidy than that of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling.

Article VII.

And whereas likewise the King of Sardinia must make extraordinary Efforts on his Side to furnish hisContingent ot Troops in the Army that is to act in France in One or more Bodies, as shall be judged the most advantageous for the Good of Affairs; and to have at the same time the necessary Troops for Italy, as well as those that are to guard his Frontiers on the Side of Savoy and {

his Britannick Majesty obliges himself to pay him the Subsidy ot Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, which shall be paid to him proportionally in Advance, and at the same Terms, and with the same Facilities, promised to her Majesty the Empress, and ilipulated in the present Convention, Article 6th.

Article VIII.

Several Provinces of the Republick having hot yet paid their respect ive Quota Parts or the Subsidy of an Hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, granted by the Convention of the Thirty-first of August 1746, his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall act jointly with her Majesty :he Empress Queen, to induce these Provinces to made good immediately their Engagements.

His Majesty, having given his Consent to a further Con-ventiunforan additional Subsidy of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, shall caulc lo be paid from henceforth his Two-thirds, making Thirty-three thousand Three hundred and Thirty-three Pounds and One-third Sterling; and shall endeavour effectually to engage the Republick to fulfil this Convention as (oon as possible* and to pay with the same Readiness its Quota Part.

Article IX.

This Treaty shall be ratified by their said Majesties, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged within the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if possible.

In Testimony whereof, we the said Ministers hav®

signed the present Treaty with our own Hands, and have set thereto the Seal of our Arms.

Done '

25

22" Januarit.

A. 1746.

Trestirs wirh Holland, See.

Sterlipg

Writ.

Iver

inclosure.

Done atthe HagUe the i*th Day of January, N. S. 1747- x

(L. S.) Sandwich. (L. S.) Charles Count (L. S.) Ferd. C.

(L. S.) Thadie Baron de Reifchach.

tropofals for furnishinga Body of the Troops of Hanover to be employed in the Countries, for the Service of the Year 1747.

Whereas a Body of his Majesty's Electoral Troops, fconfifting of 5,000 Horle and 13,000 Foot, were taken into the Pay of Great Britain, to act in the Low Countries with the Aujirian Troops, and those of the States General of the United Provinces, until the 2 5th Day of 'November 1746; since which time his Majesty thought itadviseable, for the Service of the common Cause, to continue the said Troops in the Low Countries at his own Expence, to the end that they might be the more ready, upon any extraordinary Occasion, to take the Field early in the Spring: And whereas it is fotind necessary, that a like Body of Troops should be continued for the Year *747, towards completing Forty thousand Men which Great Britain is to maintain in the Low Countries, to act as aforesaid, his Majesty, in Consideration of the great Difficulties there are to obtain such a Number of Men for this Purpose, does propose to continue the said Five thousand Horse and Thirteen thousand Foot to act in the Low Countries for the Year 1747, on the following Conditions; that is to say.

That there be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subsistence of the said Body of Troops, to conlift of Five thousand Horse and Thirteen thousand Foot, the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds Sterling.

That the said Troops be allowed to march back into his Majesty's Ele&ora] Dominions on the 25th Day of November in this present Year, in case no previous Agreement shall be made for their remaining in the Low Countries.

That in case his Majesty's Electoral Dominions should be attacked or invaded, his Majesty be at Liberty to order the said Troops to march back immediately for the Defence of the fame.

And as it is thought necessary that a Train of Artillery should attend the above-mentioned Troops, his Majesty will furnish the fame, on the Payment of an additional Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Sterling.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Sterling, in the room of the Right Honourable George Graham Esquire^ commonly called

Lord George Graham, deceased.

A Petition of the several Freeholders, Copyholders, and Tenants, of the Manor of Iver, in the County of Bucks,

and others, having Right of Common in the W afte$,with-in the said Manor, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was prtfented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Bill now pending in this House for impowering Henry Earl of Uxbridge to inclose Part of the Waste Lands of the said Manor of Iver, in the County of , pursuant to in Agreement between him and the Tenants of the said Manor: That the said Bill recites certain Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the 6th Day of August 1746, mentioned to be made between the said Earl, of the One Part, and the several Persons whose Names and Seals are thereunto subscribed and set, Freeholders, Copy-holders, and Tenants of the said Manor of the other Part; whereby it is covenanted, that the said Earl, in Consideration of his destroying a Warren worth about Twelve Pounds a Year, and paying Four hundred Pounds *4

Nm

Del*.

in Money, should at anytime thereafter inclose all that Parcel of the Waste Lands called Iver Heath, or Iver Common, as was then marked out by the said Earl; and all such other Part of the said Waste Lands as the said Earl should, on or before the 25th Day of March next ensuing the Date thereof, think fit to mark out for a Park; and that the said Earl should enjoy the same to his sole Use, freed from all Right of Common; And that the said Articles of Agreement are confirmed, established, and enforced by the said Bill, notwithstanding the Petitioners, who have a Right of Common on the said Wastes without Stint, are not Parties, or consenting, to such Articles of Agreement c And that the said Bill, should it pass into a Law, would greatly injure the Petitioners in their Rights and Properties: And therefore praying the Eloufeto take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner, Mr. Chute, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Carew, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Prowse, Sir Thomas Drury,

Mr. jolliffe, be added to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the State of the Debt of the Navy, and the Causes thereof.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Committee be a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Lord Dupplin, *)

Mr. Campbell of Pem- > 184.

brokeshire: J

Tilers for the No=S,{"^ }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Lord lomt't Edwards. Iropendunea.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us toacquaint this House,

That their Lordships have appointed Monday the 23d Day of February next for the Trial of Simon Lord Lovat, in Westminster-hall, upon the Articles of Impeachment of High Treason exhibited by this House against him.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will be present at the Trial Ditt*. of Simon Lord Lovat, as a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment of High Treason, and prepare Evidence against Simon Lord Lovat, be appointed Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment exhibited by this House against the said Lord.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Supply.

Mr . Westpresented to the House, according to Order,

A Bill for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon

Houses, WwdowDe

Supply Bill; House aid

20 Geo. II. 22° — 2 i* Ja257

Houses, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on. the said Rates and Duties: And the same was received; and read the Fifft time.

Refolded, That the Bid be read a Second time.

C»I) of the The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be-House. ing read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read j Commerce Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the with Spain, i Jth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with , be read a Second time upon 77<efdayMorning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtnerisy 230 die

Anno 2o° Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

Kewcaflle upon Tyne Road.

PR AYERS.

ABI LL for repairing the High Road between Cow CaivJ'cy End, adjoining to the Town of Upon Tyne, and the Town of Belford, and from thence to Budon Burn, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Middleton, Sir John CroJJ'e, Major Selwyn, Mr. Proby, Mr. Torke, Mr. Legh, Mr. Lord

Mr. Wilkinson, Mi. Hooper, Mr. , Sir Richard

Uoyde, Mr. West, Mr. Cornezv Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brereton, Lord Limerick, Sir

Metcalfe, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Mr.' Cholmondeley, Mr. Popham, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Bramjion; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, and Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants within the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read) letting forth. That the High Road leading from Sunderland, near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, by reason of the Deepneis of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, is become, very ruinous, and much out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad, that Coaches* Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the same without D nger: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be effectually amended without the Aid of an Act of Parliament (the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, being not of Ability to amend the lame), praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the other Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants within the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto lub-feribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof) and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sunderland

Road.

Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. Hay, Mr. Smith, Mr. Plvmptre, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pa, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lech-mere, Mr. Vaughan-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, and York, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

puijum A Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants *c. Road*, within the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road leading through and from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in or near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, being the High Poll Road from London to,

by reason of the Deepneis of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, is become very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and in the Winter Season many Parts thereof are so bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages cannot pass along the same without Danger: And therefore, in regard the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended without the Aid of an Act of Parliament (the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, being not of Ability to amend the fame), pray ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid. by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Vane, Mr. north. Sir Hugh Smithfcn, Mr. Sir Henry Lid-

dell, Mr. Tempest, Sir Chaloner Mr. Gore, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Wortley Montagu, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Sir John Cust, Mr. Smith,

Lord Strange, Mr. Syd, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Roger Nezvdigate, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Vol. 25.

A Petition of the Owners of Lands and Grounds ad- Wear River joining, or lying near, to the River in the County and Sunder-

of Durham, and the other Gentlemen, Merchants, Trade!'- n ort* men, and Inhabitants, within the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the First, for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven ot Sunderland, in the County of Durham, certain Powers were granted to

the Commissioners thereby appointed, and certain Duties impoied, and made payable, trom and af ter the 24th Day of June, in the Year 1717, for the Space of Twenty-one Years; and that by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his said Majesty, divers additional Powers were granted to the said Commissioners, during the said Term, for the same Purposes: That the said Commissioners, in pur* fuance and in Execution of the Powers by the said Acts given to them, did, before the Expiration of the said Term thereby limited, at a very great Expence, erect and build a Pier and Quay at or near the Mouth of the said River, on the South Side thereof, and did divers other Acts for the Opening, Cleansing, Scouring, and Improving, of the said River, Port, and Haven; and, in order ' to have more effectually cleansed, l'coured, improved, and preservd, the feme, purposed to have lengthened the said Pier, and also to have built aPier or Piers, Quay or Quays,

Jet tee or Jettees, on the North Side of, and to have made and done other Works near, the Mouth of the said River,

Port, Haven, or Harbour; but that the Money arising from the Duties laid on by the said Acts; not being Efficient to answer the necessary Expences of making and doing such further and other Works within the Term thereby limited, the same could not be done; and, for want thereof, the Mouth of the said River, Port, Haven, or Harbour, is still very much choaked by Sand thrown up and brought into, and lodged in, the fame, by the Sea, which is a great Obstruction and Discouragement to the Trade and Navigation within and upon the said River,

Port, Haven, and Harbour: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying on such

3 u r tics,

Supply Bill House and Window Duty.

Ways and Moan*.

Supply.

Distemper

among

Cattle.

358 33* — i6° JaA. 174

Duties, for such Term or Number of Years, and granting such Authorities to the Commissioners to be thereby appointed, for the further Preservation and Improvement of the said River Wear, Port, Haven, and Harbour, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (half appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bowes, Sr John,

Mr. Vane, Mr. Hechvortk, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Tcmpeft, Sir Htnry Liddell, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Wort ley Montagu, Mr. Gore, Sir John Cnft, Mr. Edward Lord Strange, Mr. Pratt, Sir Chaloner Ogle, Mr. Carew,

Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Smith, Mr. Powney, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Selwyn, - Mr. Lumtey, Mr. Mr.

Lifter, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. , Mr. Fenwick, Mr.

Blackett, Mr. Best, Sir John , Sir John nard, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Perceval,

Mr. Bratrfton, Sir Thomas Bootle, Lord Limerick, Sir Geo. Oxenden; and a!l the Members who serve for the

Counties of Durham, York, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

8 A Bill for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and forraif-ing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Howfe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. We ft also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the homed Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Parker have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock;

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long have Leave to go to the Bath, upon account of the Indisposition of his Lady.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26" die Januarii;

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regi9, 1746. Prayers.

ABIL L for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Heathcote have Leave to continue at the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Shuttleworth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of Lancaster-, and also for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called EarPs Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-

bars in Wall-gate in Wigan aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Mercers of London were incorporated by Letters Patent of King Richard the Second, for the better providing a Support for the Poor of the said Mystery; and afterwards, by Letters Patent of King Henry the Eighth, were impowered to have and use a Common Seal for the Business of the said Corporation: That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, was pleased to vest the Care and Power of managing the Affairs of the said Company in a Court of Assistants: That, in or about the Year 1699, the said Company fraudulently established, and till the latter End of the Year 1745 kept on Foot, a Scheme for secur'ing Annuities to the Widows of such Persons as should subscribe and pay for the fame; but, being at that time very considerably indebted, instead of making a Capital of the said Subscrip-tioa Money, and improving the same (which would have been more than a sufficient Fund for the said Annuities), applied great Part thereof to the Discharge of their said Debt, without the Consent or Privity of the Subscribers or Annuitants; and by such Mrfapplication, or byfome other Mismanagement, so totally exhausted the said Sub-fcr'iption Money, that, in or about the Year 1725, they were obliged to raise Two thousand Pounds to pay the Annuities due at Lady-day: That the Court of Assistants of the said Company haring thereupon appointed a Standing Committee, a few of their own Members, to inspect and examine the said Company's Books and Accounts, and to direct the Payment of their Money, the said Committee fraudulently kept up the said Company's Credit, and unwarrantably took up considerable Sums, not only by Sub-feriptions for Annuities, but by way of Loan, on the Company's Common Seal, without ever once reporting either to the General Court, or Court of Assistants, a true State of the Company's Affairs or Circumstances, or of their ©wa. Transoftions, though continued down to the 18 latter

Leave of

Abfeacc.

Foreiga

Frotdbmtf

Nau

Leave of Abfeacc.

Warrington

Roaufc*

Mercer*

Company.

Guy't

Hospiul

Estate*

20 Geo. II. 26° Januarii. 259

latter End of the Year 1745': That the said Company, being then reduced to the Necessityofdifclosing their Situa-tion, it appeared they were indebted-, upon Bond, Eighty-four thousand Seven hundred- Pounds; and for Arrears of fnterest, Annuities, and Charities, Charity-money misapplied, and otherwise, upwards of Six-and-twenty thousand Three hundred Pounds; in all, above One hundred and Eleven thousand Pounds: That their Annuities then payable amounted to above Eight thousand Pounds Annum, and those in Expeflaney to above Twelve thousand Pounds per Aitnwnr, and that the Income of their Estates

(clear of Taxes and Benefactions charged thereon), fell short of Five thousand Pounds per Amnrn: That, under fhefe melancholy Circumstances of the Company, the Petitioners, and rhetr Fellow-Sufferers (above Six hundred Persons in Number, many ofwhom are aged, infirm, and friendless Widows, that have no other Support; or married Women, who, in case of their becoming Widows, tav« no other Provision), are without any rrofpedt of Relief, but from the Equity, Wisdom, and Power, of Parliament; and that as the Frauds and Mismanageinents complained of have been transacted under the Sanction of a Charter from the Crown; as the mischievous Effects thereof a-e of an extensive and public Nature, affecting not only so large a Number of Individuals, but, in their Confluences, the Honour and Credit of a whole trading Nation; the Petitioners presume to hope the same will not be thought unworthy the Attention and Redress of thefupreme Authority: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confide, ation; and to give the said Sufferers such speedy and cdectual Relief thetein as in Justice and Equity they shall appear to deserve, and the Nature and Exigence of their same do require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Commitiee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof> and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Ca~ Tew, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir Wm. Calvert, Sir Edward Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Godolphin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Colebrooke, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Craven, Mr. Tuffnell, Mr. Owen, Mr. Sydenham, Mf.

Mr. Sehvyn, Sir John Philipps, Lord Perceval, Sir John

Barrington, Mr. Bayntun Ro/t, Mr. Garth, Mr. Martin, Mr. Neale, Mr. Willes, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Cuji, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Jo/lrffe, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Earle, Lord Paimerston, Mr. Horatio pole. Admiral Vernon, Mr. LMr. Bojcazven, Mr.

Speke, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Mr. Admiral Terwnjhend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mr. Palmer, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Saville, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Hawkins Browne, Mr. Levinz, Lord Chetwynd, Sir Edward Dering, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Kujhout, Sir James Loivther, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Pye, Mr. IVinford, Lord Carpenter; and aft the Members who serve for the

City of London-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long

Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Brookfbank reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and of the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded at the foie Costs and Charges of Thomas Guy Esquire, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

In Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition, an attested Copy of the Record of a Grant under the Privy-Seal, dated the 15th Day of May, in the 13th Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, was produced; whereby it appeared, that the said King did, for di-Y'ol. 25.

vers Reasons therein mentioned, and also in Confederation of the Sum of^. 7,500, remitted by the the Duke of Lenox to the Crown, grant to him and his Heirs, under the Rents and Services therein mentioned, all those Marshes, or MaTlh Lands, called Sutton , with the Appurtenances, lying in or near Sutton , in the County of Lincoln, and abutting upon a certain Marsh called St. Marie's Marsh, towards the South; upon another Marsh called Gedney Marsh, towards the North; and upon a Bank called the Child Sea Bank, towards the West; together with the Shores, Coasts, and Sands, to the Reflux of the Sea; and directed, that the said Grant should be made Patent, as well under the Great Seal of England, as under the Seal of the Duchy of Lancaster, without any further Warrant from the Crown.

It further appeared by several Deeds and Conveyances of Lease and Release, produced to your Committee, that William Newland, Gentleman, purchased the Premisses in the Year 1737, under a Decree of the Court of Chancery, for the Sum of £.33,100; and that the same were afterwards, in the Year 1746, fold and conveyed, for a valuable Confederation, by the said Mr. Newland, then become a Bankrupt, and William Rivet and Richard Spooner, A Signers of hb F.state and Eftedls, to the Petitioner LafcellsMetcalfe Esquire, one of the Creditors of

the said Newland.

An attested Copy of a Decree made in the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster, upon the 13th of July 1745, in aCause then depending between the Petitioner Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, Plaintiff, and the Attorney-General of the said Duchy, the said William Newland, William Rivet, and Richard Spooner, Defendants, was also produced; wherein, amongst other Things, it is recited, that by an Inquisition taken the 13th of May 1717, by virtue of a Commission under the Seal of the said Duchy, dated the 27th of April 1717, it had been found, that 1,800 Acres of Marsh Land had been then lately left by the Sea, and, as derelict Lands, did belong to his Majesty, in Right of his laid Duchy of Lancaster; whereupon the Defendant Newland had exhibited a Petition to the then Chancellor of the said Duchy, alleging, that the said Inquisition wa& taken at Market Deeping, at a great Di fiance from the said Marsh Lands, and that the Parties interested therein had no Noiice thereof, nor any Opportunity of proving their long and uninterrupted Possession of the said Marsh. Lands; and that she Low-water Mark had not varied since the said Grant, but to the Difacfvantage of the Petitioner, by coming hearer to his imbanked Marshes, and, by consequence, that there could be no derelid Lands accrued since the said Grant; and therefore praying, that a new Commission might issue for a new Inquisition to be taken in a regular Manner, whereby it might appear whether the Low-water Mark had varied since the said Grant, or not; and whether the Lands then in the Possession of, and claimed by, the Petitioner, were within the Boundings of the said Grant Under which he claimed, and in whose Possession the same had been since the said Grant: That a Commission having been granetd for that Purposeydatedthe 1 ft of Aug*# in the 15thYear of hispiefent Majesty's Reign, and, such Inquiry having been duly made, u was found, by Inquisition taken the 23d of November, in the 1 jth Year of his Majesty's Reign, upon the Oaths of a Jury of good and lawful Men of the said County, that the said Newland, and others under whom he claimed, had, from the time of making the said Grant, claimed and been, and then was, in the actual and uninterrupted Possession of certain Marshes and Marsh Lands, with the Appurtenances, called Sutton Marsh, and Lutton, Part of the said Lands granted, as aforesaid, to the said Duke of Lenox, and then claimed by the said Newland; and that the same were, at the time of the said Grant, of as great Extent as they were at the taking of the said Inquisition; and that it did hot appear there had, since the said Grant, happened any material Variation of the Low-waxer Mark in, about, or near, the said Lands and Premisses, or that there were any Derelict Lands contiguous to the Lands of the said Newland:and further, that the said I nquifitiop of the

Ways and Meant

Supply.

a6o 16° Jmu 1746.

13th oi May 1717 was not any regular Inquisition found

by a Jury, or otherwise returned by the Commissioners appointed to make Inquiry concerning the Matters aforesaid, than only by returning the Depositions of divers Witnesses, in many respects uncertain, and not agreeing with each other, without making any Judgment or Return of their own thereupon: But that, notwithstanding the taking of the said last Inquisition of the 23d of November 1741, the said Defendant, the Attorney-General, did set up a Claim, on the behalf of his Majesty, to some Part of the Premisses; and that the Plaintiff could not safely proceed in the Purchase of the said Lands, unless the said Inquisition of the 23d of No, and the Right and Title of the said New land, and his Assignees, was confirmed and established by the Authority of the said Court: Whereupon it was by the said Court adjudged and decreed, that the said Inquisition last mentioned, and also the Estate, Right, and Title, of the Complainant Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and of the Defendants William Rivet and Richard Spooner, Assignees of the Estate and Effects of the said William Newland to the said Marsh Grounds, and all and singular the Premisses mentioned in the said Inquisition, according to their respective Interests therein, should be established and confirmed; and that the said Complainant, and also the said Assignees, and all Persons rightfully claiming under them, should peaceably hold and enjoy all the said Premisses against the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and against all Persons whatsoever claiming under any Grant or Conveyance made by his Majesty, or any of his Predecessors, since the 15th

Day of May, in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the First.

It further appeared by a Deed of Bargain and Sale, dated the 31st of July 1746, and produced to the Committee, that the Petitioner Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire had fold the Premisses to the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded by Thomas Guy Esquire j but that, upon inlpccting the Title, some Doubts had arisen touching the Validity of the said Decree, and that therefore the said Mr. Metcalfe had covenanted to use his bell Endeavours to procure an Act of Parliament at his own Expence to establish and confirm the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confirm a Decree of the Duchy Court of Lancaster concerning certain Marsh Lands called Sutton , in the County of Lincoln; and a Conveyance from Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of Guy's Hospital: And that Mr. Brookfbank, Sir John Cujl, and Mr. , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House, Estimate of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 15th Day of December 1746, to the 24th Day of December 1747, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth}

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 1,164 Horse, and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HJfe Cajjel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1746, to the 24th Day of December 1747, both inclusive, being 365 Days.

Pay in Holland Money for 365 Days. Reduced into Sterling at 10 G. 10$/. to the Pound.

Numbers. Guilders. St. d. £ dm

The Pay of the Horse - - - 1,264 489,812 19 4 46,648 17 — f

The Pay of the Foot ----- -- 4,908 740,698 3 — 70,542 13 7

6,172 1,230,511 2 4 117,191 10 7'

The Pay of the General Officers ----- - The Pay of the Officers, and others belonging to the Train of 45,898 15 — 4,371 6 2|

Artillery ----- ----- 41,488 6 8 3>95l5 4

For the annual Subsidy of 150,000 Crowns Bank Money of Amjler-dam, payable for these Forces from the 25th of December 1746, to the 24th Day of December 1747, both inclusive, being 365 Days, computed at 4 s.9I d.per Crown - i>3I7>898 4 — I25>514 1 36,093 15 —

January 26, 1746-7. H. . Total - - £. 161,607 17 if

Memorandum: No Estimate can be made at present for extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Forage and Waggon Money, for the above Time.

Ordered, That the said Estimate to lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The Lift of several Papers, presented to the House upon the 2 2d Day of this instant January, was read , and is as followeth} viz.

Copy of a Convention between the King of Great Britain and the States General on the one Part, and the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia on the other: Hague, 31st August, N. S. 1746 j and Translation.

Copy of a Treaty of Friendship, good Understanding, and Subsidy, between the King of Great Britain and the States General on the one Part, and the Elector of Bavaria on the other: Munich, 2ill July, N. S. 1746 j and Translation.

Copy of a Convention between the King of Great Britain, the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and the King of Sardinia: Hague, 12th January, N. S. 1747 j and

Translation.

Ordered, That the Papers, mentioned in the said Lift, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,

't

FlHrnat* of Hessian Troops.

j

topply.

Account of Wine Itccoctt.

Leave of Ablcuce.

Mercers*

Company.

Expiring

Law*.

r

20 Geo. II. 26° — 27

Ordered, That the Proposal for furnishing a Body of the Troopr'of Hanover to act in the Lew Countries, for the Year t747, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis % 2 70 die Januarii;

Anno 20* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

r|^H E House being informed, That some Persons X from the Wine Licence Office attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Groft and Net Produce, with the Charges of Management, of the Revenue anting by Wine Licences, from Midsummer 1739 to Midsummer 1746; as also the Arrears that have been paid at any time since, and what Arrears are now Handing out.

And then tln-y withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Sir Edu ard Seymour have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dyke Ackland have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Braffcjy Mr. Butler, Mr. Steele, Mr. Crawley, Mr. Cope, Mr*

Hume, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Mr. Lafcellest

Mr. Flumptre, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Thomas Newnham, Mr* Wilninfon, Mr. Delme, Lord Mr. Evans, Mr*

Henry Lafcellts, Mr. Lafce/les Metcalfe, Mr. Denzil On-

flow, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John Lord Dupplin, Lord Perceval, Mr. Mr.

Mellish, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Gray, Lord

Guernsey, Mr. Pratt, Mr. , Mr. Met case,

Vol. 25.

Januarii. 161

Mr. Prottfe, Mr. Fe/loweS, ‘Mr. Gore, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Hay, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Talbot, Sir Cor-del Firebrace, Mr. Archer, Admiral Vernon, Mr. house. Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Edmund Ifham, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Toung, Mr. Wirford, Mr. Legh, Sir John Chester,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Parker, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Humfrey, Sir John Strange, Sir Rickard Lloyde, Sir John Mr. Warbur-

ton, Mr. Compton-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Borough of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk, and of the several Gendemen, Tradesmen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Mariners, residing in and near the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there hath be?n Time out of Mind a Sea Port, or Harbour for Shipping, at Southwould aforesaid, which is now become almost use-lcfs, by reason that the Haven, which leads into the said Port or Harbour, is so choukcd up with Sand, that even very small Ships cannot get in or out of toe said Port or Harbour; which isnot onlyprejudici.il to the said Borough of Southwould, and the Neighbouring Country, but also to the Navigation of his Majesty's Slops, and those of his Subjects; the said Harbour having been formerly found very commodious for the Prel'ervation of the Ships of this Nation, either Northwards, or Southward bound, and likewise very convenient for Exporting and Importing of Com, Grain, Coals, and Merchandizes of divers Kinds: That the Petitioners conceive it is for publick Benefit to have as many good and safe Ports and Harbours within this Nation as conveniently can be; and that the Charge of opening, and clearing away the Sand which obstructs the Navigation into, and out of, the said Port of Harbour, and of keeping the same open, w ill require larger Sums of Money than the said Bailiffs and Commonalty can raise for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable Trustees, in such Bill to be named, to clear away and remove such Banks of Sand as at present obstruct the Navigation into, and out of, the said Port or Harbour, and to use other proper Means for keeping the said Haven open, and for rendering the said Harbour ulerul; and for laying a small Duty upon such Ships as shall put into the said Port, and upon such Goods as shall be shipped off or landed there, to enable such Trustees to carry on the said Undertaking.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mattel thereof; a.id report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Affleck, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Carew, Mr Sydenham, Mr. Ru/h, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Drake, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Nor Lome Berkeley, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Downing, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Houblon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Popham, Mr. IVodehouse, Mr. Plumer-, Mr. Saville, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Gray, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Richard Williams, Sir John Chester, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Speke, Mr. Wittes, , Mr. Toung, Mr. Rowney, Sir Edmund Ifham, Sir John Tyrwhitt, Mr. Archer, Lord Deerhurst, Sir John Cust, Mr. Proby, Sir MilesStapylton, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Lnvndes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Essex, Norfolk, and Lincoln, and the Seaports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

3X to

Soathweuhl

Harbour.

Distempef

among

Cattle.

Commerce with Spain.

Way. and Mean.

261 27° — 28°

to (tonfider further of the Bill to tfcfritintftf and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved it (elf info the said Committee.

Mr. S[>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; whi<*h they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon 7 Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time tipon ‘Thursday Morning next.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid by every Person, for each Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Hearse, Calalh, Chaise-marine, Chaise With Four Wheels, Stage Coach, Caravan, kept for his or her own Use, or let otit to Hire (other than and except such as are already licensed) the Sum of Five Pounds yearly for every such Earring e.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty. there shall be paid by every Person keeping a Chaise with Two Wheels, or Chair drawn by One or more Horses, the Sum of Forty Shillings yearly for every such Chaise or Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million be raised by way of a Lottery, and charged upon the said Duties.

The Fit ft Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the said Resolution; Viz.

To leave out the Word " Hearse," and allb to leave out the Words " Stage Coach," and also to leave out the Word " Five," and to insert " Four" instead thereof; and, at the End of the said Resolution, to add these Words, " but not to extend to more than Five such . " Carriages in any One Person's Keeping, for his or " her own Use."

And the Question being put, That the WOrd " Hearse"

startd Part of the said Resolution;

Jt pasted in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words "Stage " Coach" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Word " Five" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Word " Four" be inserted instead of the Word " Five," left out, as aforesaid;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

18

Januarii. A. 1746.

And the Question being put, That the Words " but " not to extend to more than Five such Carriages in any " One'Person's Keeping, for his or her own Use," be added at the End of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Refolmion, thus amended. That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there shall be paid by every Person, for each Coach, Berlin,

Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaifc-tnarme, Chaise with Four Wheels, Caravan, kept for his or her own Use, o* let out to Hire (other than and except such as are already licensed; the Sum of Four Pounds yearly for every such Carriage; but not to extend to more than Five such Carriages in any One Person's Keeping, for his or her own Use.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Refo'utions: And that Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Mr.

Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Attorney-General,

Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Strope, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The other Order of the Day being read t

Mr. West reported from the Committee of the whole Supply. House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where thtf same were read; and art as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Thirty three thousand Three hundred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain Sixty thousand Men in the Countries, for the Year 1747, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of ,pursuant to Treaties.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subsistence of a Body of the Troops of Hanover, confiding of Five thousand Horse, and Thirteen thousand Foot, making, in the Whole,

Eighteen thousand Men, to act in the how Countries with the Austrian Troops, and those of the States General of the United Provinces, for the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for a Train of Artillery to attend the said Troops.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, N ine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28° die Januarii 5 Aftho ao* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Pa xy ers.

MR. Shuttleworth reported from the Committee, to Wainhouse'i whom the itigrofled Bill, from the Lord, intituled, Nam*.

An Act to ehable Richard Wninhouse, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to the Will of GbrjftophtrEmmot Esquire, de-

.ceased.

2o Geo. II 28* — 29'

ceased, was committed, Thai the Committee had examined the ANegatioaa of the Bill, and found the fatno to be true; and that the Committee had tlirested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill m at the Clerk's Table.

Reading, Mr. Powney reported from the Corhmittee, to whom &c. Road*, the Petition of divers of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen for repairing the Highways between the Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks; and for making the said Act more effectual; and for amending other Roads in this Act mentioned; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had dire (fled him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the Lid Petition,

The said Act, p. lied in the 12th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, and also the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were read:

And Mr. John Beale laid before the Committee an Account of the Receipts and D iburfements of the Tolls for Seven Years last; by which it appeared, that the Money collected, amounting annually to about Seven hundred Pounds, had been uuly laid out in repairing the said Roads, and pajing the Interest of Eighteen hundred Pounds which the Trustets were obliged to borrow upon the Credit of the iaid Acts, an Account of which he also laid before the Committee; and laid.. That the said Debt cannot be paid, and the Ri acts repaired, and kept so, without the said Acts are further continued, and made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue and make more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Fi; ft.

Y ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks -, and for amending other Roads in the lall Act mentioned: And that Mr. Powney, the Lord Duppiin, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Bance, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Lwe of Ordered, That Mr. Richard Williams have Leave to Absence. gQ into t|lc Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Servants A Bill for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery Wage*. of Servants Wages; and for the better Regulation of Servants; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve it self into a Committee of the whole-House, upon the said Bill.

Ony's Mr. Brookjbank prefenred to the House, according to Hotpit.il Order, a Bill to confirm a Decree of the Duchy Court of tft*1* Lane after, concerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton

Marsh, in the County of Lincoln; and a Conveyance from Lafcells Metcalfe h (quire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of Gay's Hospital: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to m4 lw*e *mfr.resolve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of the Money remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at Ckrifimas Vo l.25.

' Jamutrii. 263

1746, of the additional Duties On fp'trituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Incumbrances thereupon to that time, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wifi took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wifi reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Rdotations; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will pleate to receive the same.

Ordered, That die Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. West also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further c f Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House. according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply BUI; Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for re- House and pealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, and ow J for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon /

Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, whet; the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

j

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, reloive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider tarther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 29* die Januarii\

Anno 20* Georgii 11" Regis, 1746.

Pray irs.

MR. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom Durham.

the Petition of the several Freeholders and Inha- &c. Rotds. bitants within the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants within the County of Dar-ham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place: and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth $ viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the following Witnesses were called;

Mr. John Dixon and Mr. John Har/e: Who, being severally examined, said. That they know the Road leading through and from the City of Durham to Tyne Bridge, in or near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, about Fourteen Miles in Length, and the High I'oft Road from London to Edinburgh, which, by the Deepness of the Soil, and the great Number of heavy Carriages passing along the fame, is become so ruinous, that, in the Winter Season, tjiany Parts thereof ar^ so bad, that Coaches,

Waggons.

Account of Produce of the Pod Office.

Shenfield

Roads.

Wainhouse's

Name.

264 29 JanuariL A. 1745.

Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the feme without great Danger.

And they further gave Evidence, That the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in sufficient Repair, for the Accommodation of Travellers, without some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

And, to prove the Allegations of the other Petition, the same Witnesses were called:

Who severally said, That they are well acquainted with the Road leading from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, which is about Thirteen Miles in Length,

the Soil whereof is a deep Clay; and that, many heavy Carriages frequently travelling thereon, the same is become very bad, and much out of Repair, particularly in the Winter Season, and many Parts thereof are in so ruinous a Condition, that Wheel Carriages cannot pass and repaf's.

And they also severally said, That if the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, were to perform double the Work thereon, as by Law they are required, the same would not be sufficient to amend the said Road, and keep it in Repair, fit for the Accommodation of Travellers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road leading through and from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to ridge,

in the said County: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. and Mr. Tempest, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lambton, and Mr. Tempest, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That Mr. Barham, Ac-comptant-General to the Poll Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Gross Produce of the Poll Oiiice, with all Deductions for Charges of Management, or on any Account whatsoever, before the same was paid into the Exchequer, from Midsummer 1739, to 1746,

with an Account of the Net Produce of the fame; distinguishing each Year, and what has been paid at any time since, of the Produce of the said Years, and what Arrears are still (landing out.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Oadered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Bramston presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfteld to Harwich, in the County of Essex-, and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury^ in the County of Suffolk; and from Margretting to Malden, in the County of Essex-, and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard IVainhouse, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of Emmott, and no other, pursuant to lift Will of Christopher Emmott Esquire, decealtd, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr West, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

ReJ'olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One hundred and Twelve thousand Five hundred and Eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Two Pence, remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the additional Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act of the Sixteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, after satisfying all Incumbrances thereupon to Ckrijhr.as 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty's lteign, have Continuance to the :4th Da)' of June 1747, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1747, to the 24th Day of 1748.

The find Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: Ancl that Mr. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Scrope, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for reservinga certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of the Ju dices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the County Palatine of Durham, wh'ofe Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That many Parts of the common High Road leading from the Town of Stockton to Barnard through Darlington,

in the said County, by reason of the Deepncfs of the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing ah-ng the fame, are become very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and, in Winter, are so bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pal's without great Danger; and that the Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be made for raising Money to be applied lor that Purpose; the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Hoad leads, being not of Ability to amend the lame: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, by luchMeans, and in luth Manner, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Wayi and Meant.

Disposition of Prize*.

Stockton* &c. Read*.

Rendaig,

&c.

Raids.

A'-rount of Oil, &c.

impuricci fiuio Spain.

Account of

Oil &c.

imported.

Ditto.

Commerce with Spam,

Supply BUT; House and Window Duty.

290 Januarii.

265

20 Geo. II.

And it is referred to Mr. Vans, Mr. Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Walker, Sir Thomas Mr.

Mr. Legge, Mr. Ellis, Admiral Mr.

Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. WortleyMontague, Sir John

Lord Strange, Sir ChalonerO^le, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Powney, Mr. Sir John den, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Tempest, Sir Hugh Smith Jon,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Pratt, Mr. reiv. Sir Jf, ohnBarrington, Mr. Smith, Sir Roger Newdi-

gate, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Mr. Fellowes,

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Best, Sir John Barnard, Mr. utynd, Mr. Bramfion, Lord Limerick, Mr. Ltjler, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Blackett, Lord Perceval, Mr. Choi-mondeley. Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Legh, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Humfrey; and all the Members who serve lor the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Powney presented to the I Ioufe, according to Order, a Bill to continue and make more effectual Two Act* of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign ot her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First Year of the Reign of h".s present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks-, and for amending other Roads in the lull Act mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Oil, Wine, Fruits, and Soap, imported from Spain into Great Britain, from Christmas 1732, to 1739, inclusive.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Oil, Wine, and Fruits, imported, from Christmas 1732, to Christmas 1739,inclusive, distinguishing the several Quan-tiii;s, and Countries from whence thefamewerc imported.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Oil, Wine, and Fruits, imported, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1746, inclusive, distinguishing the several Quantities, and Countries from whence the same were imported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the laic! Rates and Duties; was committed; tire Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Piacc; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.'

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 6. Line 7. being (even'.iiy read a Second time, were, upon the Quel-tion {overall} put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Folio 6. Line 7. whereby it was propos'd ro leave out from the Word " House " to the Word " together," in Line 10. being read a Second time;

Vol. 25.

And the Question being put. That the House do agtee with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdh" f0r ,ht '

Telle* for the Noes,5 {£; ^XeSeiWr, \'2S

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Clause B, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the last Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

And several Amendments having been made by the House to the Bill; v

Several other Amendments were proposed to be made thereunto, by inferring, after the Word " more," in Folio 19. Line 25. these Words, " Person or Persons, or " Family orand also by inserting, after the Word " One," in Line 27. the Words/* Person or;" and also by inserting after the Word " only," in the same Line, these Words, " Provided always, That each distinct Chamber or Apartment in any College or Hall " in any of the Universities of Great Britain shall be " subject to the same Rates or Duties as if it were an intire I Ioufe paying to Church and Poor;" and also by leaving out afterwards the Clause in the Bill, Folio 20. relating to the Universities:

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be inserted after the Word " more," in Folio 19. Line 25. viz." Person or Persons, or Family or" be

there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tll / v f Mr. Solicitor-General, 7

Tellers for IhtYcas,'^ Uomm G,,: pH-

Tellers for, he } J»-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be inserted after the Word " One," in Line 27. viz. " Person or," be there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being proposed, That the Words proposed to be inserted after the Word " only," in the same Line, viz." Provided always, That each distinct

" Chamber or Apartment in any College or Hall in any " of the Universities of Great Britain shall be subject to " the same Rates or Duties as if it were an intire House " paying to Church and Poor;" be there inserted;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after " Great ," these

Words, " or in any of the Inns of Court or Chancery

And the Question being put. That those Words be inserted in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the Clause in the Bill, Folio. 20. relating to the Universities,. Hand Part of the Bill.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Turner have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continueand amend an

3 Y Act,

Leave of Absence.

DiAemper

among

Cattle.

Trego ny Writ.

.Account from the Alienation Office.

Warrington

Roads.

Rending,

&c.

Roads.

£66 a9°Januaru. — Februarii. A. 1746.

Act, pa(Tcd in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Mr. Pturner, Mr. Pratt. Mr. , Mr.

Act to enable His Majesty to make Rules, Oiders, and Mr. , Mr. Mr. Brand, Mr. Mr.

Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading Stanley, Mr. Mr. Boone, Colofiel Churchill, Mr.

of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Stert, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Hales,

Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more Mr. Gage, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. , Mr. Lambton

effect.ua!; be received upon Monday Morning next. Mr. Speke, Mr. Care.a:, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Charlton; and all the Me;n-And then the House adjourned till Monday bers who serve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Wilts, Morning next, Nine of the Clock. Oxon, and Southampton: And they are to meet this After-

,__________noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lunee, 2° die;

Anno 20* Georgii lldi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

/"ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifluehis \Varrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregonyin the County of Cornwall, in the room of Henry Esquirei who, since

his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office or Place of Poll or Carrier of all his Majesty's Letters and Dispatches between his Court, or Palace of Residence, and the First Pod Stage or Poll Office of his Postmaster-General.

The House being informed, That Mr. Stephen -ing, from the Alienation Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Grofsand Net Produce of the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Alienations, with all the Deductions for Charges of Management, or on any other Account whatever, from the 12th Day of February 1738, to the 12th Day of February 1745, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the county of ; and also

for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid; was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Compton, Mr. Legh, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Proby, Mr, Mr. Hunter, Sir

John Tyrubitt, Mr. Ftllozves, Sir John Mr. Le-

veftn Goiver, Sir Walter Wag fluff Bagot, Mr. Humfrey,

Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Wilson, Mr. , Mr. Corner

wall, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bowes, Mr. tre, Mr. Carew; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Chester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue and make more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Inn in and Putitfield, in the County of Berks; and for amending other Roads in the last Act mentioned , was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pye, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Felloives, Sir George Oxenden, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Shultleworlh, Mr. Walker, Mr. , Sir Henry

Liddell, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Thomas Drum/, Sir ntr, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Frank/and, Sir Thames

1*

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Weitern Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of Effete, and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from to Malden, in the County of El]ex; and from to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other

Roads adjoining to the same Roads; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bramflon, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Compton, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellqwes, Mr. Carew, Mr. Willes, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Boteler Charnocke, Mr. Thomas Foley, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Parker, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Phil-lipfon. General Onslow, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Gwynne, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pye, Mr. Ru/h, Sir Cordell Firebrace, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Customs and Ex-cife do lay before this House, Copies of all the Returns that have been transmitted to them by the Clerks of the Peace for the several Counties, Ridings, and Divisions, of the Names, Employments, and Places of Abode, of such Persons who have entered and registered the same with the said Clerks of the Peace} signifying their having, before the 29th of September last, entered themi'elves with a certain Commission Officer of the Fleet to serve as common Sailors for the Space of One Year, and who do thereby claim to themselves the Benefit of an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguis'ed, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

A Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in and near the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through Stratton, Daglingworth, Dunjborne Rouse, Duns-

borne Lear, Dunjborne Abbots, Winflone, Elmflone,

Brimsfleld, Stockwell', Cowley, Witcomb, Birdlip, and to

Birdlip's Hill, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the said Road, being Twelve Miles, or thereabout, by reason of the Soil thereof, and of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, is become so ruinous and bad, that, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof arc impafiable for Waggons and Carriages, and also for Horses laden} and great Part of the Road is dangerous for Travellers; And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be amended, unless feme other Provision be made for that Purpose, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as It shall appear to them, to the House:

An4

Shenfield

Roads.

Sm*gg!er* entered in the Ficeu

Cireoceftex

Road.

20 Geo. II. 2° Februarii.

And it is referred td Mr. Mr.

Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Archer, Mr. Sir Edmund

Thomas, Mr. Bayntun Ro/t, Mr. Gagt, Lord DeerhurJI,

Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. SyJenhnnt, Mr. Win ford, Mr. Lev in z. Sir John Gordon, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Douglas, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Pratt, Sir Geo. Mr.

Mr. Hum/rev, Mr. Gore, Mr. Carew, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Hampden, Dr. Newland, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Bertie , and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Gicuc/fier, Hereford, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Catt-rick

Rojiii* A Petition.of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the ‘ Counties of York and Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Hoad leading from Bridge, in the County of York, through Yarm, in the said County, to and through Stockton, in the County of pur ham; and from thence through in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham-, is a common High Road; and that by reason of the Deep-nefsot* the Soil, and the many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, many Parts thereof are become very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and, in the Winter Sea-Ion, are lb bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pal's without great Danger; and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpos?: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be feferred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bowes, Sir John Cust, Mr. Turner, Mr. Torke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Fenwick, Mr. Edward Montagu, Lord Dupplin, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lifter, Lord Strange, Mr, Blackett, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Carew, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Mr. Mellish,

Mr. Wortley Montagu, Mr. Selioyn, General Pulteney, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Slanwix, Mr. Fere Pow/ett; and a|l the Members Who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland* and Cumberland:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

lobTrTvw^. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Dirtrmper Mr. Carerv, according to Order, reported, from thie Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Cattle. continue a^id amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more effectual; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the Hause; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qucilion fevtrally put thereupon, were,'

with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for obliging the Commissioners named in the Bill to sign Cer-tilicates gratis, and to take no more than for writing any such Certificate:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, being amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Dr. TreWc'c the Reverend Dr. Trebeck, for the Sermon by him preach- thanked, ed upon Friday last, before this House, at St.

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the tame:

And that the Lord Carpenter, Mr. Delme, Sir Hugh Smithson, and Mr. Sydenham, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Crowle, Mr. Legk, Sir John Ramf- Mercers' den. Sir Philip Musgrave, Mr. Wi, Mr. Hayward, Company. Mr. Arundetl, Mr. Laroche, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Nicholas Herbert, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Southwell, Colonel Elliott, Mr.

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Finch, Mr. Fane,

General Onslow, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Blackett, Lord Coke, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Duncombe, Lord Galway, Sir Edmund Thomas, Sir John Pennington, Sir Conyers,

Mr. Lamb, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Page, Ms. Foley, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Ojbaldefton, Mr. Cholmley Turner,

Mr. Charles Hamilton, Lord Inchiquin, Mr. Best, Mr.

Charles Frederick, Mr ..John Frederick, Mr. Jof.

hend, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. Rawlinson Sir Thomas

Whitmore, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor ip Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred.

An ingrafted Bill for repealing the several Rates and Supply BiHj Duties upon Houses, and for granting to his Majesty House and other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Window Lights; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by An- ®utX. nuities, in manner therein mentioned, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; was read the Third time.

An ingroftfed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, That nothing in the Act contained shall extend to any Barn, Stable, Coach-house, Granary, Oast-house, Malt-house, Brew-house, Cow-house, or Dove-house:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the T^itle be, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four million Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rites or Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Arm suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the BftiiQit* Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year

*747-

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth;

Vol.

25.

ESTIMATE

Ways and Means.

Supply.

Souik Bemfleet, &c. Roads.

268 2° — 30 Februarii. . 1746.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1747.

Major-General Churchs Regiment

Colonel Frafer's - -

Colonel Holmes's, -

Lord Viscount Torringtons

Colonel Cochran's -

The late Colonel Cotter el? s

Lieutenant-General s

Colonel Duncombe's -

Brigadier-General Ps

Sir Andrew Agnew's -

Contingencies

Numbers, Pay of the Regiments, for 365 Days.

*55 £ ' d. 20,175 7 6

M55 - - 20,175 7 J

Li 55 - - - 20,175 7 6

I»I5S - - - 20,175 7 6

i>i55 20,175 7 6

L155 - - - 20,175 7 6

M55 20,175 7 6

L155 - - - 20,175 7 6

Li 55 - - - 20,175 7 6

L155 II>55° 20,175 7 6

War Office, F,2d, 1746-7.

H. Fox.

TOTAL

jr. S. d.

201,753 15

4,500 ——

206,253 15 —

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marti?) 30 die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1746.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Clergy, Gentlemen, Farmers, and other Inhabitants, within the several Parishes of Wichford, Nemden, Pitfea, -

jley, North and South Bemfleet, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Petition hath been presented to the House from the Trustees for repairing the Roads from Sheffield to , in the said

County, wherein is a Clause intended to repair the Roads from Shenfield to Rayleigh, and from Rayleigh to Leigh and Rochford: That the Town of South in the

Hundred of Barjlable, mentioned in the said Petition, is adjoining to the River of Thamesabout Five Miles above Leigh aforesaid, and is an old Sea-Port Town; and there hath been. Time out of Memory of Man, a proper Conveyance to London for Corn, Calves, Sheep, Hay, Wood, and other Goods, not only for the Petitioners, but in general for the Country many Miles round; not only to the inestimable Convenience of the Petitioners and their Neighbours, but also upon the Return of Vessels much greater, who bring them back large Quantities of Chalk, much cheaper than at other Places, and which is not to be had in a wet Summer for any Money: That out of the Highway leading from Shenfield to , near

IVichford, a common Highway leads to the said Parish of South Bemfleet, which is in a ruinous and founderous Condition (though the Inhabitants have yearly and duly done their Duties) so as not to be passed by Carts, Waggons, and Carriages, without the utmost Danger: That thejrepairing the said Road will be of the utmost Benefit

and Advantage to the Petitioners, and their Neighbours:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that a Clause may be added to the Bill prepared, pursuant to the said Petition, whereby the said Road to South Bemfleet aforesaid may be repaired by and under the Trustees appointed for the Management of Shenfield Road, or in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Gage, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Mr. PVilfon,

Lord Carpenter, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Montagu, Lord Strange,

Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Hume, Mr. Vere, Mr. Jollffe, Mr.-

Plumptre, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Crowle, Admiral Mathews, Sir Tho-

mas Drury, Mr. Ofbaldefton, Mr. Humfrey, Mr.

Mr. IVinford, Mr. IVodehouse, Earl of Mr.

Fane, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Bankes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Middlesex,

Hertford, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for w'rmondin* the County of Norfolk, at their General Quarter Sessions JRoadi. of the Peace held at the Castle of Norwich, in and for the said County, on Wednesday the 14th Day of January in the Year of our Lord 1746, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for repairing the Highways between Wymondham, and Attleborough, in the said County, several Tolls, Duties, and Powers were granted for amending the said Highway; which Act, by another Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, was farther continued; and, by thSt Act, another Road therein mentioned was directed to be repaired: That by another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the Acts aforesaid were further continued, and another Road therein mentioned was directed to be repaired:

That although the Monies collected by the ToK‘s granted have been duly applied according to the Directions of the Acts aforesaid, yet many Parts of the said Roadsare, by reason of many heavy Waggons and other Carriages frequently passing through the fame, so bad, that the several Parishes, in which the said Highways do lie, cannot, by the ordinary Course of thej-aws and Statutes of this

Realm,

Jarkyni1

Marriage

Settlement.

Durham, &c. Road.

Sunderland

Roads.

Guv's D 'spital ^(UtC.

20 Geo. II.

3* FebruariL

Realm, sufficiently amend arid keep the same in Repair: That in ortler to carry on and complete the Repairs of the said Roads, the Petitioners find it necessary the said former A&sfhnuld be furthercontinued, and thcTermsand Powers thereby granted be enlarged: That the great Road between London and the City of Norwich (in which the aforesaid Highways do We) other Parts and Places of the Highways lying upon the same Road, viz. between a Place or Gate in Wymondham aforesaid, leading off lYymondham Common, called Wymondham Fal/gate, and the Mouth of the Lane called Wigmore Lane, and also other Parts and Places of

the said Highways leading from , in Attle-

borough aforesaid, to a certain Place or Bridge called tlebriuge, in Attleborough aforesaid, arc almost impassable in the Winter Sealon; and cannot beeffectually repaired, U'.leli some Provili-»n be made for that Purpose: And therefore pray ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the said foiraer Acts, and for cn-larging the Terms and Powers thereby granted, and for nu ung the said Acts more effectual; and also for making Provision for repairing the additional Road before-mentioned, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Edward Dering. Ado.iral Vernon, Mr. Carew, Mr. , Mr.

York, Mr. OJbald.fton, Sir Richard Mr.

Mr. iVinford, Mr. Ga/hry, Mr. Mr.

Lord Deerhurji, Mr. LvJier, Lord Chetwynde, Mr.

Townshend, Lord Strange, Mr. Glanvi/le, Mr. BrookJ-tank, Mr. Shuttleworlh, Mr. Plumptre, General

Sir John Tyrwhitt, Mr. FeMr. Banker, Mr.

Hooper, Sir John Cup, Mr. Mete life. Sir Thomas -land, Mr. Vyner; and all the Me.ube-s who serve for the Counties ot Norfolk, Suffolk, and And they arc

to meet tl 'S Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Spial er's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Message from the Lord?, by Mr. Holford and

Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Parkvns Baronet, and Jane with the Content of their Guardians and Trustees, to make a C nveyance, by way of Settlement, on their l.Kertnar-riage, notwitr.standing their Minority: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing ihe High Road leading through and from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the High Road from Sunderland, near the Sea to the City of , in the County of

Durham: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to confirm a Decree of the Duchy Court of

Lancaflerconcerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincolnand a Conveyance from Loifcelles Metcalfe Esquire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of s Hospital; was read a Second time.

llefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brook

bank, Mr. Bance, Mr. Newnham, Sir John Cu/t, Sir

K ndrick Clayton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mr. Hay,

VOL. 25.

Mr. Plvmer, Mr. Plumptre, Lord , Lord Perceval, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Bennett, Mr. Wynne, Mr. tVilkinson, Mr. Mr.

Martin, Mr. Hanbtiiy, Sir John , Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Levinz, Mr. Fetlozves, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walker, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Vaughan, Admiral Vernon,

Mr. Owen, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Jenyns, Mr.

Lord Gage, Mr. Steele, Mr. Compton, Sir John Ruflouf, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Orj, Mr. Banker, Mr. Mr!

Fane, Mr. Palmer, Mr. TuffneMr. Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Gibbon, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Qafliry, Mr. Raw/injon Earle, Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the County of Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Strange, from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred, acquainted the House, That the Committee, apprehending that the Matters to them referred are of the greatest Concern, and which, in their Consequences, may ailed several Persons of Character and Reputation, hag directed him to move the House, That the Committee may have Power to examine any Persons, they shall think fit, in the most solemn Manner.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine such Persons in the most solemn Manner, as they shall think fit, upon the Subject-matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Henry Archeri Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Arthur Ar/cott, Lord Vere Beau clerk, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Campbell of Pembroke-

shire, Mr. Cary, Sir R. Clayton, Sir John Crosse, Sir Jo-feph Danvers, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Gafliry, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Gough, Sir Lodowick Grant, Mr. Richard , Mr. Gul-

flon, Marquis of Hurting ton, Mr. Lord Luxborough, Mr. Legge, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Locke, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. James Pelham, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Sir

Poole, Lord Harry Powletl, Mr. Major Selwyn,

Mr. Stone, Mr. Thrale, Mr. Vane, Mr. Vere, Mr. Walker, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Watson, Mr. Befl, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Philip Yorke, Mr. Young, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Mufcndeu, Mr. , Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Rajhleigh, Mr. Brand, Mr. Pow/ett, Mr. Vyner, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

The House being informed. That One of the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Counpil assembled.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, being informed there is a Bill depending in the House, for the Naturalization of foreign Protestants, think it their indispensable Duty to make their Application to the House; apprehending, if such Bill should pafsinto a Law, it would be greatly prejudicial to the Revenues, Trade, and Liberties, of the said City: That the antient Duties of Package, Scavage, Portage, and Balliage, of the Goods of foreign Merchants brought into, or carried out of, the City of London, are confirmed to the Citizens thereof by divers Royal Charters, and Acts of Parliament; and were charged, by an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, towards raising the annual Sum of Eight thousand Pounds for the Orphans and other Creditors of the (hid City; and that though a Bill of this Nature did pass into a Law in the Seventh Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne,

3 yet.

Mercers

Company.

Foreign

Protestantf

Nat.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties, See.

Hedon

Election.

in 6 — 40 Fe A. 1746.

vet, the Effects thereof being found prejudicial to the Oonstitution, the same was soon repealed; and that, in the Preamble of the Act for that Purpose, it was declared, that divers Mischiefs and Inconveniencies had been found by Experience to follow from the said Act, to the Dif-couragement of the natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, and to the Detriment of the Trade and Wealth thereof; and that the Petitioners apprehend the fame, if not greater Mischiefs, must acerue to the Publick by this intended Indulgence to Foreigners, by which the natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom will be deprived of many valuable Branches of their Trade and Commerce, and their religious and civil Rights greatly endangered: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Irejlpresented to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,-and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Luke Robinson Esquire, complaining of

an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of 2ork:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination in the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard:

And they having dated the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of York, to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the said Borough;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having dated that Right to be in the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and JBurgeffes, of the said Borough:

The Counsel for the Petitioner examined a Witness in Support of their State of the Right of Election:

And a Bye-law of the said Corporation, dated the 23d of July 1696, being by that Witness produced, and being read.

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having also examined a Witness in Support of their State of the Right of Election;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. Resolved, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Heclon, in the County of York, is in the Burgesses of the said Borough.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Evidence.

And Mr. Samuel Watson, Mayor of the said Borough, having produced the original Poll taken at the said Election, the Counsel for the Petitioner examined a Witness in order to prove a Declaration made by the Sitting Member before the said Election.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove several Declarations made by the Mayor of the said Borough before the said Election-

And having proposed to prove, that the Delivery of the Precept for the last Election of a Burgess for the said

Borough, was delayed by ah Agent for thfc Sitting Member;

And having? examined a Witness, in order to prove, that the Person who procured the Delay of the Delivery of that Precept, was an Agent for the Sitting Member;

They examined a Witness, in order to prove that il.e said Agent procured that Delay.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to add to his Poll several Persons, whole Votes were tendered for the Petitioner at the said Election, and were rejected by the Mayor;

And several publick Books of the Corporation having been produced for that Purpose;

The Counselon both Sides were directed to withdraw*.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter off the Petition of LukeRobinJ'on Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York, be adjourned till To-morro.v Morning.

And then the House adjourned till 'Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurti, 40 die Februarii j Anno 20* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746. PrAYeRS.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council

assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Town have, for many Years, been tpaintained and repaired by several successive Acts of Parliament; the last whereof, which was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, is determined and expired: And therefore, to the end that the said Haven and Piers may be cleared, preserved, and kept in good Repair, praying, That this House would give Leave for a Bill to be brought into Parliament for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, and for preserving. Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire, by an Imposition on Coals, and other Goods, to be imported into the said Haven.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Counties of and whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, as well in behalfof themselves, and many others of the said Counties, as in behalf of the Publick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of the Increase of Buildings and Inhabitants in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Parts adjacent, in the Counties aforesaid, a much greater Communication than formerly is become absolutely necessary to be held between the Cifies, Places, and Counties aforesaid; which cannot be had but by frequent passing and repairing over the River Thames, over which River there is no Bridge betwixt Kingston and Chertsey, which are County Bridges, and of the Distance of Ten Miles, and upwards, from each other: That a Bridge is proposed to be bu it by, and at the foie Expence of, a Person living near the said River, from Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore in Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, at a proper Place, between the Bridges aforesaid, and Five Miles Distance from either: That if a Bridge should be so built, as aforesaid, it will be a Means to carry on a Communication and Commerce between the lard Counties, and other Counties and Parts adjacent, and be very useful and beneficial to Inch Persons as shall have Occassion to cross the said River to and from the Places aforesaid; and that thereby not Only many Inconveniencies would be remedied, but great Advantages will accrue to the Publick:

And:

Yarmouth

Harbour*

Wdlfoff uponTharttrt BridgS.

Piftrmper

among

(Jattlr.

to Geo. It*

4° Februarli,

And therefore praying, That Leave rr.iy be given for building a Bridge crols the River Thames, from and to the Piaecs aforesaid, in such manner as shall be thought proper; and that such Powers may be granted and given i t repairing and prclerving such Bridge from time to tune, when built, as to the House Hull leem proper and necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to tl'e H 'use:

And it is referred to Mr. v, Mr. Mr.

IVother, Mr. 6nrrell, Mr. Heft, Mr. CornewaU, Sir John Crcjfe, Sir Thomas Cave, Sir Coventry Caretv, Sir

Thomas I suite, Mr. Wat pole. Sir Henry Mr.

Left,. M r. Lechmcre, Lord Com.bury, Mr. Hamilton,

l.»rd Pa/merffon, Mr. Pollen, Mr. , Mr. Fane,

Sir Edward Pickering, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mr.

Bennett, M.. Pturner, Mr. Thibet, Lord John Sir Jo n llujhout, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Br ere ton, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. IVidioms, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles: and all the Members who ltrve for the Counties of Surry aid Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir John Crojje do earry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Commerce Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th w'khSpaih, Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way* ref >lve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to 4nd Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And t lie laid Order being read accordingly;

Refo/veJ, That this 1 Joule will, upon Friday Morning next, rel'olve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply* ref.lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rejoived, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refulve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to continue and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Older*, and Regulations, more clTeftually to p event the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; and for making the same more efi'-itval; was read the Third time. '

Refdved, That (h< Bill do pais: And that the Tale be, An Act to continue, expi. in, and amend, an Act made in the last Session of Pd!:hip«-nr, iu-ituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules Orders, and Regulation:, more eliiftually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom.

The House being informed, That Mr. Horne, from Greenwich the Commissioners for Greenwich Hospital, attended at Hospital. the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the House, pursuant to the Direction of an Act of Parliament, the Repoit of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Derwentwater Eftite, between ift December 1745, and 30th November 1746, and of their Proceedings in earthing on the Building.

And then Ik* withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

3d February 1746-7.

I.i Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, inti-tu'ed, e\n A.*? for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Etrl of Derwent water and Charles Knde'iffe; icq airing the Co omifli mers or Governors of the Royal Hospital for S un n. at Greenv' h,to contract ami atvec with abte and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for

fin:.h ng and completing the said Koval llolpit ti in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the eafiestand moll iva! liable Term , according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before ni. Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital do humbly report as followeth 1

There has been received, between ift December 1745, and 30 November 1746, out of the Rents

and Profits of the Estate -

1

jC* d, 5>4*9 2 9

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building:

In Queen Mary's Court,

The fitting up the South-east Corner Room on the Ground Floor, for Offices; finishing an Apartment on the South S de of the Middle Passage, in the East Building Ground Floor; finishing the Paving on the East Front; Part of the Chapel and Vestibule to Ditto; and finishing the Iron Work and Glals in the Cupola of the Chapel-Building; are done, and brought t^ Account, and amount to the Sum ot One thousand Nine hundred and Nineteen Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence -

The ordinary Works done this Year amount toTwo thousand and Twenty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence ——

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of (he Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on Account of Repairs between ill December 1745, and 30th November 1746 ——

And, by the Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Interest due to them on the Sum of £.25,900 at £ 4 per Cent, per Annum, which was advanced by them to pay off Incumbrances on the Derwentwater Ertate, for the like Sum; Part of which was at £.5, and the other at £.6 pa Cent, per Annum ——

By Order of the Commissioners.

Rd.

VOL 35.

i»9x9 4 8

4,022 13 6

3,941 18 a

75 9 7

1,036 ——

q

Ordaed,

7 2 40 Februarii. 1746.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Shenfield A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are therethrough UIlt0 subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

" Road. setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from the Wcltern Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of Essex; and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from gretting to Maiden, in the County of Essex, and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County: That, at the Time of passing the said Act, the Road leading through the whole Parish of Langham was omitted out of the said Act, although the same was then, and now is, in a very ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, without some Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore, and in regard a Bill is now depending for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said former Act, and for repairing other Roads in the said Bill mentioned, praying, 1'hat Provision may be made, in the said Bill now depending, for repairing the Road leading through the Parish of Langham aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

And it is referred to Mr. Bramston, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Humfrey, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Carew, Sir Humphry Howorth, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Hill, General

Onslow, Mr. Herbert, Mf. Prowse, Mr. Pytts, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Cor del Ffrebrace, Mr.

Compton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Which cot, Mr. Brere~ ion, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Periam, Mr. Wilkinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Half-pay suant to their Address to his Majesty, a List of the re- Officers, and duced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-Pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1747.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command,

A Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines who died on the British Establishment of Half-Pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1747: And also.

An Account of the Number of Horses loft in Flanders, Horses Jolt and at the Battles of Falkirk and Culloden, in the Year 'n Flanders 1746; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof. *c‘

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Account were read.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Account is as followeth.

Am ACCOUNT of the Number of Horses loft in Flanders, and at the Battles of Falkirk and Culloden, in the

Year 1746; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof.

Earl of Stair*s Regiment of Dragoons

Earl of Rothes's - - Ditto - -

Sir John Cope's - - Ditto

Lord Viscount Cobham's Ditto

Lord Mark Kerr's - Ditto - -

Major-General Hamilton's Ditto

Colonel Naizon'n - - Ditto

War-Office, 4 February 1746-7.

H. Fox.

Total

Horses loft. Allowance at ^.15 each Horse, and Accoutrements.

to 1 3°

10 150

3 45

60 900

9 *35

>59 4.3S5

165 *.475

m . 408 6,120

ffcdo*

£l«06in.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused. by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Luke Robinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses; and an Entry in the Poll taken at the said Election, and several Entries in the public Books of the said Borough were read, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioner a Person whose Vote was tendered for the Petitioner at tire laid Election, and rejected by the Mayor:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And One of the said Witnesses was further examined: And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in; and the said Witness was further examined:

And another Witness was also examined, in order to add the said Person to the Poll of the Petitioner:

And several Entries in the public Books of the said

Borough were read, as to the Manner of holding, opening, and dismissing, the Courts of the said Borough, and as to the Manner of admitting Burgesses:

And several other Entries in the public Books of the said Borough were read, and several Witnesses were examined by the Counsel for the Petitioner, in order to add to his Poll several other Persons whose Votes were tendered for him at the said Election, and were rejected by* the Mayor.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having referred to the original Poll taken by the Mayor at the said Election, and produced by him;

An Entry fabferibed to the said Poll was read, and several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove, that after the Close of the Poll, a Scrutiny was demanded and granted:

And several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove that the Mayor refuled to proceed on the said Scrutiny at the Time by him appointed, and that his Refusal was grounded upon frivolous Pretences.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election; some as having been influenced by Bribery, some as having received Alms, and some as not having been admitted Burgesses;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They

2 o Geo. II.

4° — 50 Februariu

They were a<?ain called in: Resolved^ That the Bill he committed.

And the Count'd for the Petitioner produced Evidence, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-

and examined Witnesses, in order to prove that some of tee of the whole House.

the Persons whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had pro- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-posed to difqtjalify, as being influenced by Bribery, had ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole received levciai Sums of Money in consequenceot a Bond House> upon the said Bilh

Committees.

Supply Bit!; House and Window Doty.

Difiemper

antone

Caolc.

Dring'i

Name.

Taylor'.

fidatet.

Supply Bill; Malt Dune*, it c.

given, as the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, for the Purpose of influencing those Persons:

And One of the said Witnesses, to whom the said Bond was given, having produced the said Bond, and several Receipts for the Money by him paid tothofe Person», and having referred to and produced several Letters by him received;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in; and the said Letters were lead.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Luke Rob injun Esquire, complaining of an Undue Election and Return lor the Borough of in

the County of York, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 50 die;

Anno ao* Georgii II4' Regis, 1746. Prayers.

0R DERED, That all Committees be revived.

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four Millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates and Duties; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edmund Garforth, formerly called Edmund,

and his Heirs, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Garforth: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money by Leafing or Sale of the Estates late of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be fold, for the Purposes aforesaid: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called

England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747; was read a Second time.

Yol. 25.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee* to whom the Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Counties of York and Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the lamb was read; and is as follower h; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners called son and Mr. John Reynoldson: Who, being severally examined, laid, That they are well acquainted with the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the county of ,

through Farm, in the said County, to and through Stock-ton, in the County of Durham', and from thence to Sedge-field, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham; which is a common High Road, and is so far out of Repair, as to be extremely dangerous for Wheel-Carriages: That the several Parillies, through which the said Road leads, have constantly performed the Statute-work, which has been found inefficient to keep the said Roads in Repair, and that it is inapoflible to amend the Road without the Aid of an Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Bridge, in the County of York, through Far, in the said County, to and through Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Sedgefield, to the City of Durham: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lambton, Sir George Oxenden, Sir Miles Stapyiton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Tempest, and Mr. John Forke, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the County Palatine of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witnesses were called;

Mr. George Arrowjmith and Mr. John Gibson: Who, being severally examined, said, That the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton to Barnard Castle, through Darlington, in the said County, by reason of the Deepnefe of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages frequently passing along the feme, many Parts thereof are become so ruinous, and out of Repair, that, in the Winter Sealoo* Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass without great Danger.

And they further feid. That the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, fit for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, through Darlington, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County: And that Mr. Vane, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Tempest, Sir Henry Liddell, and Mr. Shultleworth, do prepare, and bring in, the feme.

4 A A Message

Catterick

Bridge

Roidn

Stockton t Sec. Road.

Royal Assent

to Bills.

Game Laws.

Westminster

bridge.

274

5' Febrttarii.

A. 1746.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Saunderson, Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the ltoyal Afient to Two publick Bills and to One private Bill following; viz.

An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities to be charged on the said Rates or Duties:

An Act to continue, explain, and amend, An Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the horned Cattle in this Kingdom:

An Act to enable Richard Wain house, and his Heirs Male, to take and use the Surname of and no

other, pursuant to the Will of Emmott Esquire,

aieceased.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare Heads of a Bill to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Game:

And a Committee was appointed of, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Bennett, Lord Strange, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sir John

Hynde Cotton, Earl of Middlesex, Sir Geo. Mr.

Chetwynd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Cornewall, Mr.

Mr. MuJJenden, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Comptroller, Sir John

Cujl, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Turner, Admiral Vernon, Sir John Chester, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Prowse, Sir Cordel Mr. Carew,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Thomas Whitmore, Sir John Turner, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Robert Mr. Win-

ford, Dr. Lee, Sir James LowMr. Pye, Lord Perceval, Mr. Gwynne, Major Selwyn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Gage,

Mr. Pitt;and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all*who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge at Westminster being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament passed in his present Majesty's Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the oppose Shore in the County of Surrey; and are, by Two Acts passed in the 12th and 13th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the said intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of: That the Petitioners have made a considerable Progress in building the said Bridge; and have purchased several Houses and Parcels of Ground for opening, widening, and rendering convenient, the said Ways, Streets, and

*7

Passages; in doing which they have expended almost all the Monies hitherto granted them for the said Purposes, notwithstanding the y have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality; and are still under Contrafts for feve- . ral Parts of the Works which are now carrying on, and which will amount to a greater Sum than is now in the Hands of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners find themselves under a Necessity of applying to this House for such further Sums of Money as this House shall judge proper, that a Work so useful and advantageous to the Publick may not be Hopped for want thereof: And therefore praying the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to St. Andre* whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Holbora other of the Inhabitants and Parishioners, of the Parish of St. Andrew Ho/born, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matterof the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 1 able:

Where the same was read; anti is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Reverend Mr. Barton, Rector of the said Pari fir, said. That the Number of Inhabitants in the said Parish is increased near double in the last Forty Years: That the Two Church-yards belonging to the said Parish, which he thinks are not One Acre, are so full of Corps, that it is difficult to dig a Grave without digging up some Parts of a Corps before decayed; which makes it very offensive to the Inhabitants, and the Reason many Corps are carried out of the Parish to be buried: That it was so offensive in the Year 1720, that the Church-yards were (hut up by Order of the King and Council.

Mr. Thomas Manning and Mr. HaBluck, Churchwardens of the said Parish, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Barton.

Mr. John Lambe, Sexton of the said Parish, said, That

for Two Years pall it has been difficult to dig a Grave, without digging up Parts of dead Bodies before decayed.

Mr. Christopher Horfnailesaid, That he has lived Forty

Years adjoining to the Church-yard, and has been a Wit-nels to the indecent Manner of digging Graves, and the Offensivenels of them; and confirmed the Evidence before given, in regard to the Difficulty of digging a Grave without digging up Pans of dead Bodies before decayed.

Mr. Joshua Cox said. That he was present at a General Meeting of the Inhabitants and Parishioners of the said Parish on the 8th of January 1746; that he was also present at the several Notices given, in the Church, of such Meeting: And he laid before the Committee the Proceedings of the Inhabitants and Parilliioners at the said Meeting; by which it appeared, that they came to a Resolution to apply to Parliament for an Act to enable the Parishioners of the said Parish to purchase a Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish, and to raise Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Hol-

born, in the City of London, and County of to

purchase a convenient Piece of Ground lor an additional Burying Ground for the LTfc of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose; And that Sir William Calvert and Mr. Fellowes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,

OH of the House.

Forrsn

JVoreiiaiit3

Xu.

Hedon

Ek&ioa.

20 Geo. II. 5* Febrmrii. 275

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, lie now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itU-lf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Dill for naturalizing Foreign Protestants, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly j

RJJ-ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-right, icioU e itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Flearing of the Matter of the Petition of Luke Rcbinfcn Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for r he Borough of Hedin the County of York: And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded in their Evidence, in . rder to disqualil) several other Persons who voted for the- Sitting Mem'.ier at the said Election, as having been influenced by Biibery:

And having propuled to examine Witnesses, in order to prove a Conlession, made both before and after the said Election, by William Ellis, One of the said Persons, that he the said William Ellis had received a Bribe to vote for the Sitting Member;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having objected to the Admission of this Evidence, the said William Ellis having, at the said Election, taken the Oath appointed by an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more eflcdual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having made Answer to that Objection;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having replied to that Answer;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The House was moved. That the Journal of the House, of the 12th Day of February 1755, might be read, in relation to the Resolution of the House in the same touching the Elediou and Return for the Borough of Southwark, in the county of ; whereby the Petitioner's Counsel were restrained from examining Thomas Goman, to prove his having received a Bribe to give his Vote for the Sitting Member, the said Thomas Gaman having, at the t:me of that Election, taken the Oath required by the said Act:

The House was also moved, That the Journal of the House, of the igth Day of January 1744. might be read, in relation to the Proceedings of the House in the same touching the Election and Return for the Borough of Great Marlow, in the county of ; when the Counsel for the Petitioner proposed to prove, that a Person, who voted for the Sitting Member, had been induced to give his Vote both by Threats and Promiles, and proposed to prove that Fad by Evidence of the Conic ffi on of that Person:

And the said Journals were read accordingly.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in: And the Counsel for the Petitioner were directed to proceed in their Evidence.

Then a Witness was examined, in order to prove the Confession of the said William Ellis, made before the said Election, that he had received a Btibe to vote for the Sitting Member.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the said Witness was further examined t And another Witness was also examined, in order to prove the like Confession of the said William , mado after the said Election.

Vol. 25.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that several other Persons who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election, werejnfluenced by Bribery to vote for him.

Then they examined a Witness, in order to disqualify several Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, as having given Bribes in favour of the Sitting Member*

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Sitting Member had deposited a Sum of Money for the Use of a Burgess of the said Borough, upon Condition of voting for him, contrary to an Act outlie 7th Year of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for preventing Charge and Expence in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament:

And the said Act was read.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And several Entries in the publick Books of the said Borough were read, in order to prove that Two of the Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election, were admitted Burgesses of the said Borough as regularly as One of the Persons whose Vote was tendered for the Petitioner, and rejected by the Mayor.

Then several Entries in the publick Books of the said Borough were read, and Evidence was produced, and several Witnesses were examined, in order to prove that One of the Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, and who was admitted to his Burgessship upon a Suppo-fition of his being free-born, was born before his Father was admitted a Burgess of the said Borough.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that several Persons, who voted for the Sitting Member at the said Election, had received the Benefit of a publick Charity in the said Borough; and that One of those Persons was threatened by the Mayor to be deprived of the said Charity, if he did not vote for the Sitting Member, and that he was induced by those Threats to vote for the Sitting Member:

And an ancient Book belonging to the said Borough having been produced;

Part of the Copy of the Will of the Donor of the said Charity, entered in the said Book, was read.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having proposed to disqualify Two Persons who voted for the Sitting Member, as having received Sacrament-money, and having examined a Witness for that Purpose;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the receiving of Sacrament-money does disqualify Persons to vote in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine coniradicente.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner having alleged. That the Sitting Member was not qualified to beeleded, he not having such an Estate as is required by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen , in-x tituled, An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of LukeRobin/on Esquire, complaining of an. undue Election and Return for the Borough cf Hedon, in the County of York, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Shenfield through Langliam lloads.

Clrencester

Road.

27 6 6° Fehruariu A. 174(5.

Ver.eri^ 6° die Februarii }

Anno lo* Georgii IIJl Regis, 1746. I'raykrs.

MR. Bramston reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of teveral Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, pilled in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of and the

Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from Margretting to Malden, in the County of and from Colchester

to Langham, in the same County, was read; whereby it appeared, that the whole Road leading through the Pa-rish of Langham is not dire died to be repaired by the said Act.

Then the Committee examined John Esquire:

Who said. That the Road leading through the Parish of Langham is in a very ruinous Condition, and that the Statute-work is insufficient effectually to amend and keep the same in Repair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Sheffield to Harwich, in the County of Iffix; and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the county of ; and from

Margretting to Malden, in the county of ; and from

Colchester to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road leading through the Parish of Langham, in the said County of Essex.

Mr. Henty Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and other Persons living in and near the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, through Stratton, Daglingworth, Duffborne Rosse, Dunff borne Lear, Dun/borne Abbotts, Syde, Eimfione, Brimsfield, Slockwell, Cowley, Birdlip, and to

Birdlip's Hill, in the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Committee examined Mr. Robert Alders: Who said, He was very well acquainted with the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is above Twelve Miles in Length; and in so bad a Condition, that many Parts are not pafl'able for Wheel-Carriages, and very dangerous and difficult even for Horsesin the Winter.

The Witness added, That the Repairing of the said Road would be of great Advantage to the Country; but that it was impossible it should be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill, in the said County: And that Mr. Bathurst, the Lord Gage, Mr. Chester, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Mr. Cornewall, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A' Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, David Williams, assisted by John David and Owen Ellis, did lately, upon

Pretence of a Replevin at the Suit of the Reverend Mr. Robert Lloyd, take and drive away certain Cattle at that time detained in Distress for Arrears of Rent due to the Right Honourable Sir William , a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money by Leafing or Sale of the Estates late of 'Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrancesaffefting the fame; and for making a Partition of futh Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be fold, for the Purposes aforesaid; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Edmund Garforth, formerly called Edmund Dring, and his Heirs, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Garforth, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Wadsworth was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Beginning of King William's War with France, we made use of

common Paper for Cartridges, both for the Royal Navy and Train of Artillery; but that, when we came to engage, there often happened to be Part ofa Cartridge left in the Guns, which kept a Coal of Fire, so that the next Cartridge took Fire, and the Gun went off, before the Men could charge, or get clear of the Gun, by which manyMenloft their Limbs or Lives; that when they came to engage, after the first Firing, none would venture to charge the Guns till they had fponged them, which took up a great deal of Time; but that th having found

out the Use of Parchment for Cartridges, which kept no Coal of Fire, had no Occasion to sponge their Guns; which enabled them to fire Twice to our Once, and gave them great Advantages in all Engagements; but that, in Queen Anne's War, we made use of Parchment, which retained no Coal of Fire; but that, as Parchment has a greasy Quality from the Skin, which uncorns the Powder, and the Nitre in the Powder, rots the Skin, which de-ftroys both in a short Time; for this Reason the Gunners of the Royal Navy durst not fill Parchment Cart-tridges with Powder before they had Occasion to use them, for Fear of having both Cartridge and Powder spoiled: That to remedy these Inconveniences, the Petitioner, being concerned in making Paper, did let himself at work to find out a Way of curing Paper for Cartridges, in retaining no Coal of Fire, and also topreserve the Powder much longer than the Powder Barrels will keep it good: That after a Multitude of Experiments, long Application, and great Expence, he did, in the Year 1711, discover what he fought for, and presented his cured Paper to the Board of Ordnance; but that it was not made use of until the Year 1724, when, after Two Years Trial, and being found to answer the Ends aforesaid, the cured' Cartridges of his Invention came into general Use, and have been ever since used both for the Royal Na\y and Train of Artillery; so that for Twenty-two Years pall he hath saved the Government Five Parts in Six of the

Charge

Privilege.

Taylor'*

Estatea.

Mercers*

Company.

Dring'i

Name.

Wad sworth's Cartridge Paper.

Leave of

Absence.

Distribution of Prizes.

Ways sod M^pft

Supply.

ao Geo. II. 6° Februarii. 277

Charge of Cartridges, by reason of the great Difference in Weight and Price between Paper and Parchment, which in that time must amount to a vast Sum, by fitting all the Men of War with Paper Cartridges in the room of Parchment; betides preserving the Powder, which Parchment destroyed: And yet that tire Petitioner hath received no Recompence for the fame, any further than in being employed in curing Three hundred Fifty-eight Reams of Dutch Paper, and making it into Cartridges, in the Year 1 724, 1725, 1726, 1 7 >7, after which he was laid aside; but that the Dutch Pa;>er is much heavier, and consequently much dearer, than the Petitioner's own lish Pajwr: And the Petitioner hath several times linee offered to the Board of Ordnance to supply the Service with his EngHjhCartridge Paper, cured in greater Per-

section than the Dutch, at Five Pence per Pound, where -s they pay Six Pence per Pound for the Dutch; and to make it into Cartridges for One Shilling per Hundred, /or which they now pay One Shilling and Six Pence per Hundred; and to print them for Three Pence per Hundred, for which they piy Six Pence; yet that his Propo-fals have not been accepted, though it will save the Nation a Third Part of the Expence in the Article of Cartridges: And therefore expressing the Hopes of the Petitioner, That these his Services and Savings may recommend him, that he may have the Satisfaction of laving his Country a Third Part of the Charge it is now put to in the said Article} and that Paper will not be

suffered any longer to be made use of for the Royal Navy of Great Britain, when an E Paper can be made much fitter for the Service, and One Third Part cheaper; the Petitioner fobmitting all this to the Consideration of the House, and that the House will do therein as they shall think fit.

A Motion was made, and the Qoellion being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Fenwick have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Order of tire Day being read, for the House to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bid for reserving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-sight, relblvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to seiedve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to rdblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the F.ftimatc of tire Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hoffsitals, for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences incurred on account of the Rebellion, and for other Services, for the Year *746, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Number of Horses loft in Flanders, and at the Battles of Falkirk and Cullt-

Vol. 25. n

den, in the Year 1746; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines who died on the British Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1747; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Halt-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1747; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Translation of a Treaty of Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great , their

High Mightineffcs the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, of the one Part; and his most Serene Electoral Highness of Cologne, Bishop and Prince of Munster, of the other Part — Hague, 4th July 1744

(which Translation was prefen ted to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1744) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty concluded at Whitehall the 27th Day of April 1744 with the E left or of Mentz, and Translation (which Copy and Translation were presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1744) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Swede, as Landgrave of -CaJJell, for Six thoul'and Hessians, signed and concluded at Hanover — T June 1745, and Translation (which Copy and Translation were presented to the House upon the 19th Day of December 1745) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,90$ Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJfe-CaJJel, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day ot December 1746, to the 24th Day of December 1747, both inclusive, being 365 Days(, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from October 15th 1 745, to November 18th 1746, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Contrafts made by the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, between OSlobtr 15th 1745, and November 18th 1746, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September 29th 1745, to September 29th 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

4&

frarkyns*

Marriage

Settlement.

Reading#

&c.

Roads.

Support of disabled Seamen, &c.

78 FebfUdriL 1746*

Lunacy 9* die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii IF Regis, 174.6.

Prayers.

AN iogrofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, and Jane Parkyns, with the Content of their Guardians and Trustees, to make a Conveyance, by way of Settlement, on their Intermarriage, notwithstanding their Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plum pi re. Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Mr. B Mr. Winford, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. OJbaldefton, Sir Jof. , Mr. Cople-

fott, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Levinz, Mr. White, Mr. Mr.

Charlton, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. P/umer, Mr. Lumley, Sir Francis Potle, Mr. WilJ'on, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. James

Pelham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Leathes, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Mr.

Hooper, Mr. Fellowes, Major Selwyn, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Smith, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Mr.

Jlank, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Pratt; and all the Members who

lerve for the Counties of Nottingham and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue and make more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks; and for amending other Roads in the last Act mentioned; is committed.

A Petition of the Matters of Ships, and other Officers and Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Seamen in the said Service; together with Two Representations of several Merchants, and others, in favour of the said Petition, thereunto annexed; were presented to the House; and the said Petition and Representations were read; the said Petition setting forth, That the Seamen employed in the Merchants Service are cx-poled to great Hazards and Dangers, especially in Times of War; and frequently lose their Lives and Limbs, and are otherwise maimed and disabled in defending the Ships which they lerve in when attacked by, as well as in attacking and taking, the Ships belonging to the Enemies of this Kingdom, and often in working such Ships in violent Storms and bad Weather; and are sometimes worn out by Age, and disabled by the Severity of Heat and Cold in certain Voyages, l'o that they are rendered incapable of any future Service at Sea, and of providing for themselves and Families: That by an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, certain Encouragements are given for Seamen to register themselves in and for his Majesty's Service; and Six Pence per Month is thereby to be deducted out of the Pay of every Seaman employed in the Merchants Service, as well as of those who served in the Royal Navy, for the better Support of Greenwich Hospital, to make Provision for such of the said registered Seamen, who, by Age, Wounds, or other Accidents, should be clifabled for future Service at Sea; and for the Children of such disabled Seamen, and they Widows and Children of such of them as should happen to be flam, killed, or drowned, f > far forth as the said Hospital should be capable to receive them, and the Revenue thereof would extend for or towards their Relief or Support: That by an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the

further Benefit thereof, and for preferring her Majesty's Harbour Moorings; and by an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the F.states forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of and

Charles Radcliffe, it is Enacted, That Seamen on board Merchants Ships, who shall be maimed or hurt in Fight against any Enemy of this Kingdom, shall be admitted into the said Hospital in like manner as any other Seamen wounded or disabled in the Service of the Royal Navy; and that by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy, every Seaman on board any Merchant Ship, who is maimed in Fight against any Pirate, is likewise to be admitted into the said Hospital: That, the said Hospital not being capable to receive, nor the Income tlier of being sufficient for the Relief and Support of, the disabled and worn out Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as have been killed, llain, or drowned, in the Service of the Royal Navy, the Seamen maimed or disabled in Fight in the Merchants Service against the Enemies of this Kingdom, cannot be admitted into the said Hospital; and there is no Provision at all made for those who shall be maimed or disabled by accidental Misfortunes, or for those worn out by Age, or for the Widows or Children of those who are killed, llain, or drowned, in such Merchants Service; wherefore the Petitioners are desirous and willing that Six Pence per Month should be deducted out of their Pay, and be applied towards the erecting, founding, and endowing, an Hospital for the Reception and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Relief of the Widows and Children of those who shall be killed, llain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service; but the fan\e cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, llain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service. And the said Representations alleging. That, if an Act of Parliament should pass for the Purposes mentioned in the said Petition, it will be attended with many Consequences useful and beneficial to this Nation; particularly it will greatly tend to the Increase of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, by encouraging our Sailors to undertake difficult and dangerous Voyages, to venture their Lives and Limbs in the vigorous Defence of the Ships they serve in, as also in attacking and taking Ships of superior Force, render such Sailors more obedient to Command, and prevent them entering into the Service of Foreigners, whereby his Majesty's Royal Navy will be the sooner manned upon any Emergency; and that it will likewise be a great Ease to the respective Parishes where Seamen have Settlements, by preventing them, when rendered incapable of Service, and their Families, when they are killed, from becoming burdenlome to such Parishes; and submitting the same to the Consideration of this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, together with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Burrell, Admiral Vernon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hume, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Philipps, Lord Doneraile. Lord Strange, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Bramjion, Mr. HoDr. Lee, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Mellish, Mr. , Mr. Of-

baldeston. Lord Limerick, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Mr. Fonereau, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Carew, Mr. Jol-lisse, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Proby, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Phil/ipftn, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Sir Geo. Oxen-

den, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Molsworth, Mr.

Mr. Winford, Mr., Saville, Mr. Compton, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Webster; and all the Members who serve for the Sea Port Towns; and all the Merchants of the House:

And

fapply.

20 Geo. It. 90 Februarii. 279

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow eth;

1. Resolved, That it is the Opini n of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand Two hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of , pursuant to Treaty.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounos, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elettor of

Alentz, pursuant to Treaty.

3. Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Eight hundred and Forty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty.

4. Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-eight thousand Five hundred Seventy-five Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year >747*

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-six thousand One hundred Ninety-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences on account of the Rebellion, and other Services of his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1746, incurred, and not provided for by Parliament

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-one thousand Six hundred and Seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Peny Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Two hundred Sixty-four Horse, and Four thousand Nine hundred and Eight Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, the Troops of his Majesty the King of Szveden, as Landgrave of Hesse-CajJ'el, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1746, to the 24th Day of December 1747, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the said Time, pursuant to Treaty.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Nine hundred Fourteen Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the educed Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1747.

8 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a bum, not exceeding Three thousand Nine hundred and Forty-eight Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pentions to the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the E.;ab:ifn.nent of Halt-pay in Great,

and who were mairted to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1747.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand One hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for providing Four hundred and Eight Horles loft in Flanders, and at the Battles of Falkirk and Culloden, in the Year *746.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Ma-

Vol.25.

rines (Commission and Non-Commission Officers included) employed for the Year 1746, be continued for the Service of the Year 1747.

11. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Six thousand Two hundred and Fifty-three Pounds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Eleven thousand Five hundred and FiftyMarincs (Commission and Non Commission Officers included) for the Service of the Year 1747.

12. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, towards finishing the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The Nine First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Tenth Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| jypr ^Carez

Tellers for the Not,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, Malt Duties, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, kc*

Cydec, and Perry, in that Patt of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland', and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the find Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Hedon Matter of the Petition of Luke Robinson Esquirr, com- Efe&fen. plaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having objected, that the Sitting Member was not qualified to be elected by the Estate mentioned in the Particular or Rental by him delivered to the Clerk of this House;

The said Rental was read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner summed up their Evidence.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that the Mayor of the said Borough acted with Impartiality at the said Election; and that there was a Tumult after the doling of the Poll, and on the Two following Days.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove that some of the Voters for the Petitioner threatened Violence to the Mayor, and other.*, if he did not return the Petitioner.

Then

o

Nezvdigate, >:

Oxenden,

} 73.

20:

.by

1

280

6° — 10° F

A. 1746.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member alleged. That the Petitioner was incapable of being elected a Member to serve in Parliament, having been convicted of an Qfffcce against an Act, made in the 2d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; by which Act every Person so offending, being convicted thereof, is for ever disabled to vote in any Election of Members to Parliament; and also to hold, exercise, and enjoy, any Office or Franchise to which he then shall, or at any time afterwards may, be intitled as a Member of any City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Cinque Port, as if such Person was naturally dead:

And an attested Copy of the Record of the Judgment given upon the Action brought in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, in Hilary Term, in the Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, against the Petitioner, for the Penalty contained in the said Act, was produced, and read:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjournal till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 1 o° die;

e

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Pring's A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name. il enable Edmund Go*forth, formerly called Edmund Dring, and his Heirs, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Garfonh, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. fm, Sir John Ratnfden, Mr. Thomas , Sir Tho-

mas Drury, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. White, Mr. , Mr. Bowes, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Neale, Mr. ney, Mr. Broohjbank, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mr.

Bonn, Mr. MuJJ'enden, Mr. Mr. Metcalfe, Mr.

Wins ord, Mr. Southwell; and all the Members who serve for ttie Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five at the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Durham, A Bill for repairing the High Road leading through

fcc Road. and from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the same County, was read a Second time.

Rcflved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Turner, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Dupplm, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lifer, Mr.

Blackett, Mr. Charles Gore, Sir John Mr.

Mellish, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Fere Pozvlett, Sir John , Mr. Plumper t, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Edward Montagu, Sir Roger New Mr. Fane, Lord Strange, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Carew, Mr. Mr.

iVortleyMontagu, General Pulteney, Mr. Stanwix, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr, O Lord Trent ham, Mr. Brereton\ and all the Members who Itrve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, Wcf.morland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sunderland A Bill for repairing the High Load from Sunderland Roads. near t/:e gfa to ti)C (j|ty of in the County of

Durham, was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committal to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Turner, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Fenwick, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Lifter, Lord Trent ham, Mr. BrMr. Sir Henry

Liddell, Mr. Stanwix, General Pulteney, Mr,

18

Montagu, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Carew, Lord Strange,

Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Pratt, Mr. , Sir John Ctifi, Mr. Townshend, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Fazakerley,

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mellish, Sir Miles Mr.

Charles Gore, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Selwyn,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Nugent, Admiral Fernon, Mr.

left, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Fellow es, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr.

Winford, Mr. Fane, Mr. MuJJ'enden, Sir Hugh,

Mr. Probv, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. , Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Admiral Townshend, Mr. , Mr. Hill,

Sir Ltdowick Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, morland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley I.rve Leave to go into the Leare of Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. A bit nee.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Taylor'* for raffing Money by Leafing or Sale of the Estates late Rftates. of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the feme; and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be fold, for the Purposes aforesaid; was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be commuted to Mr.

Mr. Hooper, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Sir Watkin Wnss.

Wynn, Sir John Ihnde Cotton, Sir JohnR.amfden, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. MuJJenden, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Leflit,

Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ojbaldeston, Sir John Cust, Mr. PittMr. Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Walker, Mr. Whichcot, Mr.

Lowndes, Sir John liushout, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Crowle, Mr. Leatkes, Mr.

Mr. Hill, Mr. Lifter, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Compton, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Frank/aud, Mr. Owen, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Harris, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Kent, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'a Chamber.

A Petition of the Prnvoft, Bailiffs, and Town Coun- Dundee cil, of the Borough of Dundee, under the Common Seal Inipravraent of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in 1707, an Imposition of Two Peny Scots (over and above the Duty of Excise) was laid upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the said Town, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Term of Twenty-four Years, for discharging the then publick Debts of the said Town, and for other Purpose* in the said Act mentioned; which said Act was by another passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued for an additional Term of Twenty-five Years, from the 55th Day 1731,

for making Provision for paying off the publick Debts of the said Town; and for cleansing, enlarging, and improving, the Harbour there; and for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Piers, and the Common Hall and Gaol thereof; and for carrying on other publick Works of the said Town, and for making the same useful to the Inhabitants thereof; and for giving proper Salaries to the Mailers for instructing the Youth of the said Town:

That, since the Passing of the said Act, great Progrefe hath been made in carrying on the Repair*, and other necessary Works directed to be done by the said former Acts; whereby a Debt, of £.4,480. is, 3J including a Debt of £.1,945. 1J- incurred at the Commencement of the present Term, is now due and owing on the

Credit of the said Acts; and that the Petitioners find it is not possible, during the Continuance of the lubfiliang Term, to discharge the said Debt (there being a ftnatl Balance of the Duty now in Hand), and to carry on and complete the Repairs and Works directed by the find

former'

20 Geo. II. io* — 11° 281

former Acts to be done; and that, if the Term be riot dence, and examined several Witnesses, in order to prove further enlarged, such publick Works as have been done that Part of the Estate described in the last mentioned will soon go to Decay, and such Money as has been laid Particular or Rental was conveyed to the Petitioner by out on that Occasion will be intirely loft: That tnany his Brother without a valuable ConGderation, and is still Parts of the common Streets of the said Town are very enjoyed by the Petitioner's Brother: much out of Repair; and the Inhabitants, being in want And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having proof good and wholesome Water, have of late been at great posed to prove that the Deed, under which the Petitioner Expence, by Subscription, of conveying Water by Pipes claims Title to the said Estate, has not been registered in into the said Town: That, in the late wicked and unna- the County of York, where the said Estate lies, and where tural'Rebellion, Part of the Revenue of the said Town Registries of Deeds are established by Act of Parliament; was levied by the Rebels, and the Remainder expended The Counsel for the Petitioner admitted, That the said for the Use and Servceof the Government: And there- Deed had not been there registered: tore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill And Part of the last mentioned Particular or Rental was

for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and given by read, and a Witness was examined, in order to diminish the said former Acts, for the Purposes therein and in this the Value of another Part of the Estate described in the Petition mentioned, in such manner as to this House shall laid Particular or Rental:

seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ConGderation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord George Sack-ville. Lord Gage, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. , Lord

Perceval, Mr. Grenville, Sir Middleton, Mr. Carew, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Laroche. Mr. Gybbon, Sir Char let Mordaunt, Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr.

Colonel Stewart, Lord FortroJ'e; and all the Members who lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Debtors A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in his Majesty's Petition. Prison of the Fleet, in behalt of themselves, and others, the unfortunate Prisoners in the several Gaols within this City, and the Liberties thereof; was presented to the Ho use, and read; complaining of their Distteis: And pray ire Reliet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Senrants Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Wage*, refoive it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of Servants Wages; and for the better Regulation of Servants; be now read;

>And the said Order being read accordingly;

P.efoived, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole' House, upon the said Bill.

Commerce Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second wiih Spain. Reading of the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for p'.ohibiting Commerce with Spain, benjw read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Scvennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Hcdon The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Ek&ioo. Matter of the Petition of Luke Robinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded in their Evidence:

And the Journal of the House, of the 4th Day of March 1 741, in relation to the Proceedings of the House, io the C '.:"e touching a former Election and Return for the said Borough, was read:

And Part of the Particular or Rental delivered in that Year, by the Petitioner, to the Clerk of this House, upon Objection then made to his Qualiftcation, was read: And Purt of the Particular or Rental delivered by the Petitioner, in this Session, to the Clerk of this House, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member producedEvi-Vul. 25.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member having proposed to prove that another Part of the Petitioner's Estate, described in the said Particular or Rental, was subject to the Payment of a certain Rent-charge;

The Counsel for the Petitioner admitted, That such. Rent-charge was payable out of the said Estate:

Then another Part of the said Rental or Particular was read; and the Counsel for the Sitting Member examined a Witness, in order to diminish the Value of another Part of the Petitioner's F.state, described in the said Particular or Rental.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member also examined several Witnesses; and an Entry in One of the publick Books of the said Borough was read, in order to disqualify several Persons whole Votes were tendered for the Petitioner at the last Election for the said Borough, and were rejected by the Mayor, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had proposed to add to his Poll.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member also examined a Witness, in order to prove the Usage of the said Borough, as to the Manner of admitting honorary Freemen.

They also examined aWitness, and produced Evidence, in order to prove that Two of the Persons who votefd for the Sitting Member at the said Election, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had endeavoured to disqualify, had voted at former Elections:

Which tire Counsel for the Petitioner admitted:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Februarii;

Anno 200 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Bramston reported from the Committee, to shonfield whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road*, granted by an Act, passed in the 1 ath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of Essex; and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from Margrettirtg to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same lloads; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the

4 C Amendments

H4* Februar 174

Amendments were once fead throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-raliy put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

.grossed.

Penreth A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Clergy, Gentle- Road. men, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cumberland. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road from the Market Town of Penreth, in the County of Cumberland, to the House of Adam Kendall, near in the said County,

leading through the Towns and Villages of Stainton, Penruddock, Threlkeld,

Cockermouth, and Bridgefoot, of Thirty Miles in Length, and upwards, being the ancient and accustomed Road from Penreth to the Sea-port Towns of Whitehaven and Workington, in the said County, and the common Poll Road from all the said Towns and Places to London; and also the Road from Penreth aforesaid to the Market Town Of Wigton, in the said County, leading through the Towns

and Villages of Newton, , Seberham Bridge, and

from thence to Rojley, and by Tracen Tree to Wigton aforesaid; are become ruinous, and almost impassable, ipfpecially in the Winter Season; and many Parts thereof are so narrow, that Coaches and Carriages cannot pass by one another} and that the ordinary Provisions made by. the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, now in Force, are not sufficient for the effectual enlarging, repairing, and amending, the Highways and Roads aforesaid; neither are the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Townsh.ps, thereby liable to repair the fame, of Ability so to do without some other Provision be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower Trustees to eredi a Turnpike or Turn-pikes, and appoint such Person or Persons, as they shall think fit, to collect a Toll or Tolls in such Part or Parts of the said Roads as may be mod: convenient, that the same may be speedily amended, widened, and kept in good Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ' appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir James Lowther, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Willes, Mr. Sir John , Mr.

Stanwix, Sir Thomas Cave, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Mr. Jof. Tovonf-

hend, Mr. Finch, Mr. Bowes, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Proby, Mr. Charles Gore, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Watson, Mr. Wi/fon, Sir John Ramsden, Sir John Philipps, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Harley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, Durham, Northumberland, Fork, and North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Reading, Mr. PoWney reported from the Committee, to whom he. Roads, the Bill to continue and make more effectual Two Acts off Parliament, One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the county of ; and for amending other Roads in the last Act mentioned; was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegationaof the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed toby the House.

14

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be. ingrossed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and In- 'Southampton habitants, of the T«wn and County of W*ter*wk>.

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Town of Southampton hath, for a long Series of Years, been supplied with good fresh Water brought from several Springs at some Distance from the said Town, by Leaden Pipes, to Four publick Conduits in the same Town, and to a large Pond for watering Cattle, which has been of great Use and Benefit to the said Town, and to the Matters of Ships trading the re: That the Charges of repairing the said Pipes, Conduits, and other Waterworks, have been, beyond the Memory of Man, defrayed at the publick Expence of the Inhabitants occupying Houses within the said Town, and Liberties thereof (except in the Tything of Portswood, and on the Eftntcs of

and Northam) by Rates made by Two of the Inhabitants

of each Parish and Ward, by Warrants of the Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of Orders of Sessions for that Purpose; but that fev'eral of the said Inhabitants have of late Years refuled to pay such Rates, whereby the find Repairs haveof late been totally negfe-dted', except wltat have been done by voluntary Contributions of particularGcntlemcn, which have not been sufficient to put the same in Repair; by means whereof there hath been for feme time past a great Scarcity, and will loon be a total Want, of such Water (unlets timely remedied) which will be a gre.t Prejudice to the Inhabitants, and to the Matters of Ships trading to and trom the said Town, and may be of the utmost ill Consequence in case of Fire, most of the Houses in the said Town confiding of old Timber and Plaister Buildings: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill may be brought in fer the more effectual making Rates within the faicTTown (except in the said Tything of Portswood, and on the Occupiers of Houses on the Estates of Padwell and Northam) for the present Repair of the Water-works thereof, and keeping the same in Repair for the future, in such manner as to this House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. DelmS, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Gibbon, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Sir Henry

Marshall, Mj> Careiv, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Mr.

Pollen, Admiral Vernon, Mr. HoubMr. West, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Mr. Sir

Thomas Cave, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Rolt, Mr.

Walker, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Thomas Whitmore, Colonel Bockland, Mr, Dawkins, Sir Wm.

Calvert, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Craven; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Stiffen, and Wilts:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to SouthwouM whom the Petition of the Bailiffs and Commonalty of the Harbour. Borough of Southwould, in the County of and

of the several Gentlemen, Tradelinen, Freeholders, Farmers, and Mariners, residing in and near to the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and bad directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition,

John Steel, Pilot, being examined, said, That he had known the Harbour of Southwould many Years; and that formerly the Depth of Water upon the Bar, at the Mouth of the said Harbour* being about Eight Foot at a

Sp.ing

do Geo. it. ti° PebrudriL

Spring Tide, was sufficient for Coafiing Vessels; but that at present the Entrance is so choaked up with Sand, that the Depth of Water is not at any time above Four Feet; by which means even very small Vessels arc prevented from getting in:

That about Ten Years ago, when the said Harbour was open, a considerable Trade was there carried on, to the great Benefit of the said Borough and the neighbouring Country; and that he (the Witness) had frequently piloted out Timber Hoys belonging to the Crown, which had been loaded there for the Use of the Government; but that now more than Half the said Trade is loti to the Town, upon account of the Inconvenience and Charge which attends the putting of Goods brought there into Boats, in order to their being carried to or from the Ships which lie wthout the Bar:

That all the Trade from the Northward comes by this Harboui, which, if open, would be a safe Port for Ships in Time of War to put into, when chafed by Privateers, to which they are very much exposed; and that the making of a Sluice, and scouring of the Haven, would not only be very beneficial to the Town and Country adjacent, but would all'o contribute to the Draining of the Marshes, which are now frequently overflowed.

Being further examined, he laid, That the Corporation of Southwould had expended more than the annual

Revenue of the Town (which is about £. 80 )

in endeavouring to scour the Bar, and keeping the said Harbour from being totally stopped up; but that the Charge of eflfedually clearing and opening the same will, by Estimate, amount to about £. 2,000, which Sum the said Corporation cannot raile without the A Alliance of Parliament; and that if a small Duty was laid only upon such Goods and Vessels as Ihrdl come or be brought into the said Harbour, he (the Witness) apprehends a sufficient Fund would be thereby established for raising the said Sum, and also for preserving the said Harbour open for the future.

Thomas Pott, of SouthwouldPilot, being examined, confirmed the Evidence given by the said John Steel Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk: And that Sir Ccrdel Firebrace, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Robert Williams, Admiral Vernon, and Mr. Carew, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Ways and Means.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to reiulve itlc-if into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House torefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-n<ght, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply Bill Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Malt Duties, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Peiry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty ceriain Duties ppon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that P,rt of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747; be now lead:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That Lord Strange, feari of Lord w.dtort

Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ockenden, vpn»ThameS Mr. Ord, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Wilkmfon, Mr. Browne, Sir John CttJl, Mr. Pytts, Mr. John Ftederick, Mr. Charles Frederick, Sir Richard Lloyde, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir John Philipps, Sir Watk. IVms. Wynn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, ofche Counties of Surry and Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, as well in behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Counties, as in behalf of the Publick, is referred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of Luke Robinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member proceeded in their Evidence:

And they having proposed toestablish the Vote of a Person who voted for the Sitting Member at the last Election for the said Borough, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioner had endeavoured to disqualify, as having received the Benefit of a publick Charity in the said Borough, and as having been threatened by the Mayor to be deprived of the said Charity if he did not vole for the Sitting Member, and as having been induced by those Threats to vote for the Sitting Member;

Part of the Copy of the Will of the Donor of the said Charity, entered in One of the publick Books of the said Borough, was read:

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove that the Person, who so voted for the Sitting Member, did vote at former Elections in the said Borough; and that Persons who have had the same Benefit from the said Ciiarity, have been constantly allowed to vote in all Elections in the said Borough.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove an Attempt to corrupt several Burgesses of the said Borough to vote for the Petitioner at the said Election:

And having examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Petitioner himself had made an undue Application to him for his Vote at the said Election;

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Person, who made that Attempt to corrupt those Burgesses, was an Agent for the Petitioner:

They also examined another Witness, in order to prove that the Petitioner himself had made an undue Application to him for his Vote at the said Election:

They also examined a Witness, in order to discredit the Proof offered by the Counsel for the Petitioner, That the Sitting Member haddeposited a Sum of Money for the U(e of a Burgess of the said Borough, upon Condition of voting for him:

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that a Burgess of the said Borough confessed, after the said Election, that he was influenced by the Promise of a Gratification made by the Petitioner, to vote for him: They also examined a Burgess of the said Borough, in order to prove that an undue Application had been made to him for his Vote in favour of the Petitioner; and that upon his Refusal to vote for the Petitioner, he was solicited by the Promise of a Gift to forbear to vote for the Sitting Member:

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove that the Burg- fs, who so confessed that he was influenced to vote for the Petitioner by the Promile of a Gratification so made by the Petitioner, did receive the Gratification so promised.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member having proposed to prove, that the Sitting Member is duly qualified by his Ellate to be c-leded a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Petitioner admitted, That the Sitting Member was so qualified.

Hedon

Licet ion,

4

i i* — -130 Februarii.

<A. 1746.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Member summed up the\r Evidence.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having examined a Witness, it^order to prove that the Petitioner is the true Owner of that Part of the Estate described in the Particular or Rental delivered by him to the Clerk of this House, which the Counsel for the Sitting Member had alleged to be the Estate of the Petitioner's Brother;

And having examined a Witness, in order to discredit the Witness who deposed that a Burgess of the said Borough had confessed, after the said Election, that he was influenced, by the Promise of a Gratification made by the Petitioner, to vote for him j

And the said Witnesses having been confronted;

And another Witness having been examined by the Counsel for the Petitioner, in order to discredit a Witness, who was produced by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, to prove an Attempt to corrupt a Burgess of the said Borough to vote for the Petitioner at the said Election; The Counsel for the Petitioner finished their Reply. And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The Sitting Member was heard in his Place.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion was made* and the Question being put, That Samuel Gumley Esquire is duly eletfted a Burgess to serve in this prefen t Parliament for the Borough of He don, in the County of York;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Luke Robinson Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to lervein this present Parliament for the Borough or , in the County of York;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Friday Morning next, to amend the Return for the Borough of in the County of York,

by rafing out the Name of Samuel Gumley Esquire, and inferling the Name of Luke Robinson Esquire, instead thereof.

Committee.*. Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Secretary at War, 7 Mr. Legge: ' 5 39'

Lord Strange,

Mr. Vane:

IO4.

V eneris, 130 die Februarii;

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Smuggler* r I ' H E House being informed. That Mr. Wood, Se-n X cretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, at-‘heFfcet- tended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, the Return of the Commissioners of the Customs to an Order, of the id Instant, for Copies of all the Returns that have been transmitted to them by the Clerks of the Peace, of the Names, Employments, and Places of Abode, of such Persons who have entered and registered the feme with the said Clerks of the Peace, pursuant to an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, to prevent Smuggling,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

The said Return is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled;

In Return to an Order of this Honourable House, of the 2d Instant, directing us to lay before you Copies of

all the Returns that have been transmitted to v:s by the Clerks of the Peace for the several Counties, ^Ridings, and Divisions, of the Names, Employments, and Places of Abode, of such Persons who have entered and regillered the same with the said Clerk's of the Peace, ligmfyiner their having, before the 29th of September last, entered themselves with a certain Commission Officer of the Fleet to serve as common Sailors for the Space of One Year; and who do thereby claim to themselves the Benefit of an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Ex-eife; and for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws, upon the Terms in this Act mentioned; and for Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures;

We humbly inform you, That we have not received any Return from any oi the Clerks of the Peace within the Time mentioned in your laid Order, or any other Time since.

Which is humbly submitted.

R. Chandler, Evelyn,

Custom-house, London, Beaumont H, B. nth February 1746. S. Mead, John Hill,

G. Vaughan, Robert Bay Its.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom Wah»r» the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and aponTJiames Inhabitants, of the Counties of Surry and whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well in behalf of themselves, and many others of the said Counties, as in behalf of the Publick. was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Pace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Taole: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. George Edwards, of Walton upon Thamet, feid.

That there is not any bridge crols the laid River, from the Town of Kingston upon Thames to Chertsey, which is near Ten Miles by Land, and 14 or 15 Miles by Water; and that the Bridges at Kingston and are both of

them County Bridges:

That the Building of a Bridge cross the Thames at Walton would be ofpubiick Utility, and particularly advantageous to the Inhabitants of the Paddies ot,

Wey bridge, Skeperton, Hand ford, and Sun bury, and all

Persons residing near the Thames on each Side, who are very numerous; since it will open a fete and commodious Interccurle crofe the River, the Passage whereof is at present very inconvenient, and Ibmetimes impracticable: That the Witness himself has been frequently obliged to wait a considerable Time before he could obtain a Passage over the Ferry, to his great Lois, and the Hindrance of his Business; and that many other Persons have suffered in a greater Degree.

Mr. Robert F:e!d confirmed the Evidence given by Mr.

Edwards; and added. That the Ferry at Wa/ton is extremely dangerous, by reason of tiieqti'ck Defeent to the Ferry on the Surry Shore, which makes it very inconvenient for Horles and Carriages; and the opposite Shore in the County of Middlesex in wet S'calbns is generally oveiflowed for several Hundred Yards quite round the Place where the Be,.r ufur.lly lands: That several Paflen-gers have narrowly etcaped, a: <i One Person was drowned in attempting to pals the said Forty.

Then Mr. Maurice Hammond informed your Committee, That Samuel Dicker Esquire, of Walton upon Thames, proposed to undertake, at his foie Expence. the Building

of a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Walton upon

Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of ShepcrtouJ in the County

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from ll'alton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite

Shore

Drvpoole

Incioiurc.

Warrington

Rosa.

Wymondham

Roads.

20 Geo. II.

Shore x^heperton, in the County of And that

Mr. Cdreiv, Sir James Lowther. Sir John Philipps, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Proprietors of and in a large, open, common Pasture, lying and being in the Parish of Drypoole, in the County of York, called or known by the Name of Somtrgangs, otherwise whose Names

are tiiereumo liiblcribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said common Pasture contains Seven hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and is held and enjoyed by the Proprietors thereof in common; and that if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be very useful and convenient for the carrying on of Husbandry, and keeping of a Stock of Cattle; and that other Improvements might be made thereby, which would be very beneficial to the Parties concerned, and that therefore the Petitioners are desirous to divide and inclol'e the said common Pasture, and to have a due Share and Proportion thereof allotted to each Proprietor in Severalty, in lieu of his common Right therein: That, notwithstanding that such Division and Inclosure will tend to the public Good, as well as to the mutual Advantage of all Perlor.s concerned in the said common Pasture; yet the same cannot be made effectual, to anf.ver the good Intentions of the Parties concerned, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said common Pasture, according to each Proprietor's Share and Interest in the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Crowleand Mr. Whichcote do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Shuttleinorth reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in tlr Thirteenth Year of the iLign of his late Majesty King George the First, lor repairing, widening, an I amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of ;and also for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the T.,11-bars in WaUgate, in Wigan aforesaid; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ids Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: YVhcie the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question several!) put thereupon wcic agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of his Maj"ft\'s Justices of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, met at their General Quarter-Sclfions of the Peace held at the Castle of Noricic/i, in and for the said County, on IV.-dnefdaythe 14th Day of January, in the Year of our Lord 1746, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. JehofiapUt Pojh'e, Agent for the Petitioners, pro-

duced, and laid before the Cor. a.ittec, an Act, passed in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King /r//.v:.v the Third, for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, in the said County,

which had Continuance for the Term of Fifteen Years; and also another Act, passed in the 7th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for continuing the be-Voi.. 25.

285

f're-mentioned Act for the further Term of Fifteen Years, and for repairing another Road.

Then the said Mr. Pojilc laid before the Committee another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for granting an additional Term of Twenty-one Years, and for amending another Road mentioned in that Act.

And then the same Agent laid before the Committee an Account which had been settled and adjusted by the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions held for the said County (who are appointed Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution); and by that Account there appears £. 13. 19J. 5 \d.to be a Debt due upon the Turn-

pike.

And he gave Evidence, That h$ had examined the Accounts relating to the Turnpikes for and since the Year 1731; whereby it appears, that the Money collected by the Tolls granted had been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions of the before-mentioned Acts; neverthe*icfs many Parts of the Roads are in the Winter Sc.Von very bad, and cannot during the subsisting Term (which, he said, expired at the End of this Session of Parliament) be effectually repaired, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said former Acts be enlarged.

Then the Committee examined the said Mr. Pojlle as to the Condition of the additional Roads, particularly mentioned in and by the Prayer of the Petitionwhicharedefired to be repaired, lie said. That those Roads are in a ruinous Condition; and many Parts thereofin the WinterSeafonfo bad, that they are impassable for Wheel-Carriages: And he added to his Evidence*, that, unless some Money be raised and applied for repairing the Roads, the same cannot be put into good Repair, and kept amended.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging tnc Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament paired for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hethcrjet, and from the Mouth of Lane to Hall

Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and making the said Acts more effectual: And that Mr. -ho.J:, the Lord Coke, and Sir Charles Mordaunt, do prepare, anu bring in, the lame.

Sir. William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the High Road between Cow Caztfcy Etui, adjoining to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the To..n of Belford, and from thence to Buckton-burn, in the County of Northumberland, was committed, Th-,t the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Hedon, in the County of York.

An ingrafted Bill to continue and make more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the County of Berks-, and for amending other Roads in the last Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

4 D Resolvetd,

130 Februarii.

Newctftle upon Tyne Roads.

Hedon

Eie&ion.

Reading,

&c.

Roads*

African

Company.

Lord Lovat's Impeachment.

Ditto.

St. James Westminster Church-yard, See.

a 86 13° Februa 1746.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be* An Act to continue and make more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen and the other in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in

and Puntfiela, in the County of Berks; and for amending

other Roads in the last Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Powney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the find Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are legally possessed of sundry Forts and Settlements on the Coast of,

which for many Years they supported and maintained at their own foie Cost and Charge, for the Protection and Security of the Trade of this Nation in Negroes for the Use of the British Colonies and Plantations in , and

in Gold, Ivory, Bees-wax, Dyeing-woods, and many other valuable and necessary Commodities for the Use of our Home Manufactures; and that it hath appeared to this House, that the said Forts and Settlements cannot be maintained and supported, upon the Foot of a free and open Trade, without the Aid of Parliament; and that the House hath been pleased to grant sundry Sums of Money, for several Years past, towards the Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements; and that the Petitioners have found by Experience, that the annual Allowances hitherto granted by Parliament for this Service, are not sufficient to enable the Petitioners to support and maintain the said Forts and Settlements in a defenfible Condition against the unwarrantable Encroachments of other rival Nations, and the open Attacks of declared Enemies: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the preTent dangerous State and Condition of this most valuable Trade into Consideration; and to purchase the said Forts and Settlements of the Petitioners, or to make such effectual Provision for enabling the Petitioners to support and maintain them, as the Nature and Importance of this Trade requires; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedings upon the Impeachment of Simon Lord

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Lord Dupplin, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Yorke, Lord Deerhurst, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord

Baltimore, Mr. Prowje, Lord , Mr. Legge, Lord Hi (/borough, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. B rereton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Hooper, Mr. MellijMr. Boone, Sir John Cust, Sir John Philipps, Lord , Lord

Lord Ine/tiquin, Mr. Blackett, Mr.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment, and prepare Evidence, against Simon Lord Lovat, impeached of High Treason, and who are also appointed Managers to make good the Articles of Impeachment exhibited by this House, against the said Lord, be impowered to go and examine such Persons who are or may be in Custody, as they shall think proper to be examined in relation to the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That Mr. John Sharpe be appointed Solicitor to the said Managers, for prosecuting the said Impeachment.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Rector of the Parish Church of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of , and also of

the Vestry-men of the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vestry-men and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, intituled, An Act for erecting a new Parish, to be called the Parish of Saint James, within the Liberty of fter, it was Enacted, That there should be a Vestry of Thirty-four Persons appointed, in the manner directed by the said Act, for ordering and regulating the Affairs of the said Parish: That by the said Act of Parliament it was also Enacted, That the First and all the succeeding Rectors of the Parish of Saint James should be seised, in his and their Demesne, as of Fee, in the Right of the Church (amongst other Things) of and in a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground in the said Parish of St. James, whereon some Stables and Tenements were erected, then in the Tenure or Occupation of Sir Thomas Bond, of Pechham, in the County of Surry, Baronet, and Thomas Bond Esquire, youngest Son of the said Sir Thomas Bond, their Assign or Assigns, Tenant or Under-tenants, containing in Front, next Ficcadilly-freet, alias Portugal street, Forty Feet; and in Depth, backward, Seventy-five Feet, a little more or less; abutting on the said Street, North; and, on the F.aft and South, on the Church-yard of the said Parish of St. James-, and the Ground then or late of Anthony Hart, Bricklayer, on the West; and the Two Messuages or Tenements fronting the said Street were then or late in the Tenure and Occupation of Richard Hayeburne, Carpenter, and the other then or late in the Tenure of John EliiJ'on, with all the Rents, Issues, and

Profits thereof, after the Expiration of a Term of Years, therein granted to the said Sir Thomas Bond and Thomas Bond, by One Indenture, bearing Date the 27th Day of January 1684; and further setting forth, on the Behalf of the Petitioner the said Bishop of Oxford, That the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, described to be abutting on the said Piccadilly -, alias,

North; and, on the East and South, on the said Churchyard; and the Ground of the said Anthony Hart, West; did, at the time of the making of the said Act of Parliament, and still doth, really contain in Front, next the said Piccadilly-street, alias Portugal-street, Sixty-five Feet, a little more or less; and hath been enjoyed without Molestation by the Petitioner, as Rector of the said Parish, in that full Extent of Measure, ever since the Year 1740, when the said last mentioned Term of Years expired (although the same Piece or Parcel of Ground is, in the said Act of Parliament, mentioned as containing in Front, next the said Piccadilly-street, alias Portugal-street, only

Forty Feet, a little more or less); which Disagreement between the Descriptions of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, with respect to the Abutments and Quantity of Feet in Front, as mentioned in the said Act of Parliament, the Petitioner, the said Bishop of O apprehends may be prejudicial to him and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish, in letting and disposing of the said Ground, unless remedied by the Aid of Parliament; and further setting forth, on the Behalf of the Petitioners the said Rector and Vestry-men, That the Church-yard of the said Parish of St. James is at present much too fniall for the Burial of the Dead, and cannot be sufficiently enlarged any other Way than by uniting to it all or Part of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground that abuts upon it, which the said Rector and Vestry-men are desirous may be done; but apprehend the same cannot legally be done without the Authority of Parliament to enable them to agree on making a proper Addition to the said Church-yard, out of the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Ground, fora reasonable ConfiJeration to be paid yearly by the said Parish to the said Rector, and his Suc-ceffois; and further setting forth, on the Behalf of the Petitioners the said Vestry-men, That the Methods prescribed by the above-mentioned Act of Parliament, for railing and paying the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Preacher Assistant to the said Rector: and by leve-

ral

Foreien

IWrftaiits

Nai.

Diflrilmtioa of Prizes.

Supply Pill; Mall Duties, &c.

Committee of Privileges.

20 Geo. II. 13* — 16° Felruarii. 287

ral other Acts of Parliament for railing and paying Monies on account of Robberies committed in the Hundred of OJJidstone, in the county of ; and for the Relief of the sick, hurt, and m umed Soldiers and, Mariners; and for repairing of the Highways; and for providing Engines, Stop-blocks, Fire-cocks, and other Implements, and paying Rewards or Gratuities, on account of Fires within the lliid Parish of St.; are very inconvenient and expensive to the said Parish; and that the Petitioners apprehend, tint all lueh last mentioned Monies may be raised with great Ease and Certainty, and much let- Expence to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in cate P.ovi-fr»n was made by Law for raising and paying the lane out of the Po>rs Rate in the said Parish; an 1 further setting forth, on the Behalf of the P.titioners the said Yeftry-men. That Inconveniencies frequently happen in the said Parish, concerning Doubts whether Persons employed as Beadles or Watchmen in the said Parish, gain legal Settlements there by such Employments: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for such Aid and Relief to the Petitioners in the Premises as shall seem fitting.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Conl'ent, as far as his Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident! >n of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Carcw, Mr Mr. , Mr. Nugent. Mr. Pitt, Lord , Sir John Philipps, M r. John Pitt, Mr. William Mr. Solicitor-General,

Sir Poicrt Audy, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir IFat kin llrms. Wynn, Sir Hirer Seivaigate, Mr. Phtmptre, Mr. Mr.

Gibbon. \!r. Wdhinfon, Mr. Mr. Metcalfe,

Mr. Eitiott, Mr. Trdautny, Mr. Wynn, Mr. ArJ'cott, Sir Thomas Bottle, Sir John Gordon, Mr. HoLlyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Refolded.That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon ThursJay Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whulc House, upon the Bill for reserving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty s Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, re Live its'finto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill lor continuing the Duties upon Mall, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Edit An called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 2 5.

LutteCy 16° die Februarii;

Anno 20° Georgii IF1' Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

/Y RDEREDt, That Sir Thomas Cave have Leave to V go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Oil, Wine, Fruits, and Soap, imported from Spain into England, from Chrflmas 1732, to Christmas 1739, inclusive: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Oil, Wine, and Fruits, imported into England, from Chifimas 1732, to Christmas 1739, inclusive, distinguishing the Quantities, and Countries from whence imported: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Oil, Wine, and Fruits, imported into England, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1715, inclusive, distinguishing the several Quantities, and Countries from whence imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accoun:s do lie upon theTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Seffron.

A Petition of Alexander Duncan Esquire, for and on the Behalf of the Prevolt. Bailiffs, and Town Council, of the Bo'v gl» of Dundee, was presented to the House, and read; letting for h. That, in the said Town of Dundee, there is an Hospital for the Reception of decayed Burghers, and a Revenue appropriated for the Support of the said Hospital, and the decayed Burghers from time to time placed therein; and that it will be very useful to the aid Town, if the said Hospital was converted into, and made use of as, a Workhouse for employing and setting to w rk the poor Inhabitants of the said Town, and the said Revenue applied as Pensions for the Support of the poor Burghers for the Time being: And therefore, in rega'd there h is been lately presented to the House a Petition from the said Town of Dundee, praying, for the Reasons in the said Petition contained. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted, by Two former Acts, for laying a Duty upon Ale and Bter brewed and fold with the said Town and Liberties thereof, for the Term and for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; praying, that ProvilLn may be made in the said Bill for continuing the said Duty for converting the said Hospital info a Workhouse; or that the Petitioner may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proved, Bailiffs, and Town Council, of the Borough of Ditndee, under the Common Seal of the said Borough,

is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Brookjbankreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to confirm a Decree of the Duchy Court of -cajierconcerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincoln-, and a Conveyance from Metcalfe Esquire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of Gay's Hospital ;'was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

report

Leare of A£>fence.

Accounts of OH, &c. imported flora Spain.

Dundee

ImprovcrocrX

Guy's

Hospital

Estate.

288 16° Februarii. A. 1746.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord Lorat'* Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the Committee,

impeachment, who are appointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Proceedings upon the Impeachment of Lord Lovaf.

Gloueefler, A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are

&c. Jtoads. thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloueefler to the City of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which Tolls and Powers were to take Place, and have Continuance, from and after the 24th Day of June 1726, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years; and that the Inhabitants of Maifmore, therein named, are thereby declared not to be liable to the Tolls therein mentioned: That, by means of the many Passengers and heavy Carriages which go from Huntley, through the Parishes of and

Abenhall, to Mitchell-Dean, which is the Monmouth Road

to South Wales, the Roads in and through the said Parishes of Huntley, Longhope, and ,to Mitchell-

Dean, are now also become ruinous, and almost impalpable: And ^therefore, the aforesaid Act being near expiring; and in regard the last mentioned Road, which is the great Road through Monmouth to South Wales, and the other Roads to South , particularized in the aforesaid Act, cannot be sufficiently amended and kept in good Repair for the future, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged, and the Money arising by means thereof appropriated for that Purpose; and for that the Roads in the Parishes of

more, Hartpury, and Corse, may be kept in good Repair by

the Parishioners of the same Parish, they doing their Statute-labour; praying. That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, by the aforesaid mentioned Act granted and given; and for appropriating the Money arising thereby in repairing the Roads in the said Act mentioned; and also in repairing the Monmouth Road to South Wales, in and through the said Parishes of Huntley, Longhope, and Abenhall, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet; and that, during the Continuance of such enlarged Term, the said Commissioners shall not have Power to erect a Turnpike in the Road from Gloueefler to the aforesaid Parishes of Maifmore, Hartpury, and Corse.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Fane, Mr. Carew, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Compton, Ixird Baltimore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Walker, Mr. , Mr. Hayward, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. , Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Drax, Mr. Frankland, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Boone, Mr. West, Mr. Winford, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Oswald, Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Chester, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Gvoynn, Lord Palmerston, Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Proby, Mr. Delme, Sir Nathanael Mr. Lechmere, Mr.

Legge, Admiral Mathews, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Trevor, Sir Geo. Oxenden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloueefler, Hereford, Worcester, and Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Pagers, and Records.

Din#. A Petition of the Freeholders, Landholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes or Hamlets of

Highnham, Rudford, and Newent, in the County of Glou-

eefter, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of tin;

Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the City of Gloueefler to the City of Hereford, the several Trustees therein named, were empowered to erect One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes in or cross the Highways in each of the said Counties of Gloueefler and Hereford, therein particularly mentioned; and to receive, in each of the said Counties, the Tolls and Duties therein mentioned: That although, since the Commencement of the said Act, considerable Sums of Money have been laid out for the Repairs of One of the Roads therein mentioned, leading from Highnham Poole, tli tough the said Parishes of Highnham, Rudford, and Newent, therein named, to the Market Town of Newent-, yet a great deal of the Money collected at the Turnpike between Gloueefler and Newent has been applied towards the Repairs of the other Roads in the said Act mentioned, particularly on the Road leading from Gloueefler to Newnham, another Market Town in the said County of Gloueefler-, which the Petitioners conceive to bean Injury and Grievance to tl:em, inasmuch as very few heavy Loads or. Carriages pass that Road, but are carried down the River Severn, from Gloueefler to Newnham aforesaid: That, by such Application of the Money arising by the Tolls collected between Gloueefler and Newent, as well as by reason of the many heavy Loads of Perry and Cyder, and other Carriages, Paflen-gers, and very great Droves of Cattle, which frequently pats the said Roads, great Part of the said Roads, between Highnham Poole and Newent, are still ruinous and out of Repair; and that the Repairing of the said Roads between Highnham Poole and Newent is done with great Difficulty, and at a very large Expence, inasmuch as it is a very deep Country', and the Materials used for that Purpose are to be brought by Land Carriage at lead Four, if not Five Miles: And therefore (the above-recited Act being very near expiring, and the Petitioners understanding that a Bill is intended to be brought into this House for reviving and continuing the said Act for a further Term) praying.

That, if such Bill pass into a Law, a Clause may be inserted therein, empowering the Trustees to lay out and expend the Tolls or Monies collected on the said Road leading from the said Highnham Poole to Newent, in the first place, for the better and more effectual Repair of the same Roads, until the same shall be sufficiently repaired; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counf'e!, in regard to such a Clause, or have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of n> the

City of Hereford, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Bruntiflaml Burgh of Bruntisland, in North Britain, was presented to Harbour,4c.

the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act of Parliament passed in the 6th Year of his late Majesty King George the First, for laying a Duty of Two Ponies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale fold within the Town or Burgh, and Liberties thereof, for railing Money for defraying the ne-eeflary Charges of improving and maintaining the Harbour belonging to the said Town; and for repairing the Church and Town House there; and also for paying off and discharging the publick Debts then due and owing from the said Town; which Duty was, by the laic! Act, to commence the 24th Day of June 1720, and from thence to have Continuance for the Term of 25 Years;

but

J

20 Geo. II.

6° Februarii.

289

but that the said Term is now expired; and that the 1738, a Convention was agreed on between his Majesty railing of Money, and applying the same for the Purposes and the King of whereby it was stipulated, That

aforesaid, has been found useful and beneficial to the said the King of Spain should cause to be paid to his Town; hut that, if the said Act be not revived, and the nick Majesty the Sum of Ninety-five thousand Pounds Term and Powers thereby granted enlarged, the Works Sterling, as a Balance due to the Crown and Subjects of already begun and earned on in pursuance of the said Act Great Britain, over and above the Demands of the Crown will toon go to Decay, the Revenue of the Town being of Spain: That, in 1739, the House did grant to not sufficient for that Purpose: And therefore praying, his Majesty the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, to make That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill for reviving good what had been acknowledged to be due from Great and continuing the said former Act, with such additional; which Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, together

Powers as to the House shall seem proper and reasonable, with the Balance of Ninety-five thousand Pounds, which Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the was to have been paid by the Crown of Spain, as afore-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- said, was designed to have been appropriated to the Pay-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ing of the Demands of the Petitiones, and the rest of appear to them, to the House: his Majesty's Subjects, who were Sufferers by the unjust

And it is referred to Mr. O/wald, Mr. Torke, Mr. Seizures and Depredations of the Spaniards: That the Gybbon, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Williams, Mr. King of Spain not having complied with the Terms of

Fane, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Walker, Mr. West, Lord the Convention, his Majesty was pleased to order Repri-

Sapply Bill;

llaJt Duties, fcc

fals to be made on the Crown and Subjects of; in consequence whereof, several rich Spanish Ships were taken before the Declaration of War against Spain That, in the Year 1743, his Majesty was graciously pleased to grant a Commission for the Distribution of the Moiety of such Sums, as had arisen from Reprisals, among such of his Majesty's Subjects only as had sustained Lolfes by Depredations since the 2d of June 1721; whereby the Petitioners were secluded any Relief under the said Commission, notwithstanding that their Losses constituted a great Part of the Demands made by the Brilifti Commilfiiries on the Crown of Spain, as aforesaid: That, in the Years 1743 and 1744, the suffering Merchants petitioned this House, setting forth their unfortunate same; and praying to be relieved out of the Sixty thousand Pounds granted, as aforesaid, for the Uses of the Convention; and that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petitions, and was graciously pleased to recommend it to the Consideration of the House, who thereupon referred it to a Committee; and that a Report was made from Malt, granted for the Year 1745, to satisfy Principal and the said Committee to this House, on the 2d of May

Chetuynd, Mr. Proby, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Plumer-, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for t he Service of the Year 1747;

Ordered, That it be an Instrutftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to diretft, rhat the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1747, of the Income of the Duties on

Petition irfpefting Losses by un-last Seizure* Sr the boards.

Interest chargeable thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1747.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock.

And he moved the House accordingly, for Leave to bring up a Petition of several Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and others, trading to Portugal, Spain, Italy, and the West Indies, Sufferers by unjust Seizures and Depredations of the Spaniards before the 2d of June 1721.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House. Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-

1744, and the 19th of April 1745: That the late most horrid and unnatural Rebellion having broken out before the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners did not think it a proper Time to renew their Application whilst the House was so essentially employed in providing for the Preservation and Safety of his Majesty and his Kingdoms: But, that Rebellion being now happily supprefi'ed and extinguished, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the House will take their unfortunate same into Consideration, and grant that the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds, formerly granted to make good the Convention Treaty, and hitherto undisposed of, may be appropriated towards making the Petitioners Satisfaction for the great Losses they have sustained, as aforesaid; or that the House will grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange have Leave to make a Motion.

And he moved the House accordingly; and presented to the House,

A Petition of the Governors of the Charity for the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, on behalfof iuchpoor Widows of Clergymen as are Annui*

tingforth, That the Petitioners, pursuant topublick No- tants of the Mercers Company

tice given in the London Gazette in April 1730, did deliver Which Petition was read; setting forth, That by Lct-

into the Office of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and ters Patent of his Majesty King the Second, under

Plantations their several Claims for Losses sustained by his Great Seal, dated the First Day of 1678, the Pe-them, as aforesaid, as also the Proofs and Vouchers relating titioners are constituted a Corporation for the Relief of thereto, amounting to the Sum of One hundred and Fifty poor Widows and Children of Clergymen: That this

thousand Pounds Sterling, and upwards; which Proofs and Vouchers were transmitted to the Commissaries appointed by his Majesty, in pursuance of the Treaty of Seville, and were included in the Demands made by the said Commissaries on the Crown of Spain: That, in the Year Vol. 25.

Charity has been f r much encouraged by many pious and well-disposed Persons, that the Petitioners ha\e for several Years been able to make a Distribution of Five Pounds a Year each to Seven hundred Widows of poor Clergymen, and to put out many of their Children yearly to

4 E useful

Merc era Company.

290

i6° — 17® Februarii.

A. 1746.

qfefulTrades ‘.That the objects of this Charity have always A Petition of Robert Lang, and Partners, Merchants been far more numerous than the Petitioners could pro- in , was presented to the House, and read; setting

vide for out of their certain annual Revenues and casual forth, That on the Western Coast of Scotland (the most Benefactions: And that the Petitioners find, upon In- populous Part of that Kingdom) great Quantities of quiry made in consequence of a Petition lately preferred Salt are used in the Herring and other Fisheries, as well to this House by Dr. Shaw., on behalf of himself, and as for Home Consumption; which Salt being at present others, Creditors and Annuitants of the Mercers Com- clandestinely run in from , to avoid paying the

pany, that a great Number of such Annuitants are Clergy- Duty.; and the fame, by reason of its Mixture with Rock men's Widows, and are likely to be left destitute of any Salt, being not only preferable in Quality to what is made Support, and to become Objects of the Petitioner's Cha- in at the Salt Works along the Forth, but allb

rity, through the Mismanagement of that Company, un- cheaper, for the Reason before-mentioned, as well as less relieved by Parliament: And therefore praying to be others, the same greatly discourages the erecting Salt heard before the House on behalf of such unhappy Wi- Pans upon the said Western Coast, for making of White dows, as the Petitioners are created a Corporation for Salt for the aforesaid Purposes: That the Petitioners, not-their Relief, and as such Widows are incapable of ipply- withstanding those Difficulties, are willing to erect Salt ing for themselves: And expressing the Hope of the Pe- Pans at Glasgow, provided Liberty was given them to titioners, that the House will take the unhappy same of bring Rock Salt from England, to be refined there, charge-such Widows into Consideration, and will give them such able with the same Duties as are now paid; and under speedy and effectual Relief as to the House shall seem such Restrictions and Regulations for securing the Pay-proper. ment thereof as shall be thought necessary; by which

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Com- means not only his Majesty's Revenue will be much in-mittee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in creased, but great Advantages accrue to the Publick; but Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto sub- that, by the Laws now in being. Rock Salt cannot becar-scribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of Lon- ried above Ten Miles pittance from the Pit: And there-don, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Credi- fore praying the House to grant the Petitioners the Liters, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the berty of carrying Rock Salt to Port Glasgow, or such said Company, is referred. Relief in the Premises as shall seem meet.

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

'Sonthwould Sir Cor del Firebrace presented to the House, accord-Harbour. ing to Order, a Bill for opening, cleansing, repairing, # A Petition of David Young, Profelfor of Philosophy, / and improving, the Haven of Southwould, in the County in behalf of himself, and of the Provost or Principal, of Suffolk: And the same was received. Matters or Professors, in the Colleges of St. Salvator and

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Firebrace have Leave to make $/. Leonard, in the University ot St. Andr ew's, was pre a Motion:

Holton

Inclosure.

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martts, 1 70 die Februarii;

Anno 20# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

P R A Y I R S.

P ETITIONof Edmund Turner Esquire, Lord of

Lang's Salt works at Glasgow,

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said College of St. Salvator consists of a Provost, or principal Matter, Three Professors of Philosophy, a Protcffor of and a Professor of Humanity, with final) Salaries annexed to each Professorftiip; and that the said St, Leonard's College is likewise composed of a principal Master, Three Professors of Philosophy, a Professor of and Professor of Humanity, who teach the same Arts and Sciences, and enjoy the same Salaiies, respectively, with the correspondent Professors in the said Col lege of St. Salvator; and that the said Colleges have different large Fabricks, and Rents and Emoluments, under separate Managements: That the present Matters and Professors in both the said Colleges, taking into their Consideration the Meanness of the Professors Salaries, which the Manor, and Patron of the Parish Church, of rnuft needs be a Discouragement to Men ot Learning and Holton, and Holton with Bickering, in the County of Lin- Abilities to accept of vacant Professorships, as also the coin, and Diocese of Lincoln; Gilbert Caldecot Esquire, ruinous Condition of One of the Fabricks, not to be re-Owner of all the Lands within the said Parish (except the paired and supported without an Expence far exceeding Glebe, and what belongs to the said Edmund Turner) ,what the publick Funds thereof can afford; and conceiv-and John Baxter, Clerk, Restor of the said Parish; was ing it to be their Duty, when they cannot immediately presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That apply a full Remedy to the growing Evil, at least to at-many Inconveniencies having arisen by reason of the said tempt laying a Foundation, which hereafter may support Lord ship of Holton lying open and uninclosed, and in this linking, though onccflourishing, University, and give regard the Inclosing thereof will be a very great Improve- Hopes of restoring it again to its former Lustre; and, after ment of the lame, the Petitioners have, by Articles of the most mature Deliberation, finding no more probable Agreement bearing Date on or about the 28th Day of Expedient than the Uniting of the said Two Colleges, August, and the 2d Day of October last, agreed that the and their Rents and Revenues, under One common Ma-said Lord ship shall be inclosed in such Manner, and sub- nagement; and likewise uniting the correspondent Fio-jedt to such Covenants and Agreements, as in the said Ar- fefforships in the said Two Colleges, as tire same Hull betides are contained, to which all the Parties concerned are come vacant by Death or Resignation; the said present contenting: That although the carrying of the said Ar- Matters and Professors in both the said Colleges have come ticlesinto Execution will befor the Benefit and Advantage to an Agreement to apply to Parliament for an Union and of the said Parties, yet the same cannot be rendered et- Incorporation of the said Two Colleges, upon such Term# feftual without the Aid and Assistance of an Act of Par- as they conceive may be ofgeneral publick Benefit, and tend Lament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be . topromotethe Advancement of Learning: And, inasmuch given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing as such Union cannot be effected without the Aid and the said Articles for dividing and inclosing the Premises Authority of Parliament, therefore praying. That Leave aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Maimer, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner and Mr. Prowje do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotland; Union of Salvator an Leonard Colleges*

may be given to bring in a Bill for uniting the said Two Colleges, pursuant to the Agreement and Resolutions of the several Matters and ProfefTirs aforesaid, if the same shall appear to the Advancement of Learning, and better Education of Youth, in the said ancient University.

Ordered,

20 Geo. II. 170 Februariu 291

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the of Money be forthwith expended in Support thereof, will Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- be inevitably ruined, to the great Damage of the Peti-mine the Matter thereof and report the feme, as it shall tioners, and their Estates in the said Hundreds: And appear to them, to the H ,use: therefore praying. That Leave may be given to br ng in

And it is reierred to Mi. Le/ly, Mr. Yerke, Mr. Muf- a Bill for the Maintenance and Support of the said Navi-Jenden, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Tyner, Lord Doneraile, Lord gation, by raising a Duty, not exceeding above Six Pence Gage, Mr. Ere, cion, Sir MilesStapy/ton, Mr. Bowes, on the Ton, upon ail Goods, except Lime, Muck, and

Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Compton, Mr. P/u-Marie, carried up, and not exceeding One Peny o n thy mer, Mr Montagu, Mr. Care'.v, Mr. Bacon, Sir Edward Ton upon all Goods carried down, the said North River,

Derittg, Lord Baltimore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hooper, or by such other Methods, as to the House shall seem meet.

Lord Perce: al, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Scut, Mr. John Stuart, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Barrington, Major Selwyn, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Nugent, Lord Strange, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Shuttle- Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply ftfllj

worth, Mr. P/umpire, Mr. LValpole, Mr. Delmt, Mr. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for con- Mil'

Fane, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Celebrooke, and all the tinuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry,

Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to in that Part ot Great Britain called England, and for meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called

Persons, Papers, and Records. Scotland-, and for applying a certain Sum of Money,

therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Seiy Stjanr.*, Ordered, That Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Tre- vice of the Year 1747} was committed; the Amend-Vtttminster, latency, Mr. Archer, Mr. Steele, Mr. Metcalfe, Lord ments which the Committee had made to the Bill,;

CaurcJt-yard, Strange, Mr. Butler, Mr. Charlton, Lord Carpenter, Dr. and which they had directed him to report to the Cotes, Mr. Compton, Lord Chetwynd, Sir John Cust, Mr. House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftef*

Frederick, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Mellish, Mr. wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Montagu, Mr. Ojhaldrston, Lord Perceval, Sir John Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read

Turner, Mr. Truer, Mr. H'i/fon, Mr. BP inford. Lord throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and,

Palmerston, be added to the Committee, to whom the upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed Petition of the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of to by the House.

Oxford, Rtdor of the Parish Church of the Parish of St. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and also of the ingrossed.

Yeftry men of the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, oti the Behalf of themselves, and the rest Sir James Lowther reported from the Committee, to Penreth

of the Veftiy-men and other Inhabitants of the said Pa- whom the Petition of the Justices of Peace, Clergy, rish, is referred. Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Cumberland, was referred, That the Commitee had ex-Taylor'* Mr. Winford, reported from the Committee, to whqm amined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed States. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the railing Money by Leafing or Sale of the Estates late of House; and be read the Report in his Place; and after-Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor wards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Esquire, the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for making a Par- Richard Gilpin Esquire, being examined, said, That tition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be he hath known the Read described in the Petition 49 fold, for the Purposes aforesaid; was committed; That Years: That the same is in many Parts thereof too nar-the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, row for Wheel Carriages to pafseach other without Daa-and found the same to be true; and that the Parties con- ger; particularly that Part which leads from Penrith to cerned had given their Cunfent to the Bill, to the Satis- IVigtom, and other Parts (especially Hatton Moor), arc faction of the Committee; and that the Committee had very deep and founderous, by reason of Bogs; and that directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any the Provision made by Law, for Repairing of Highways,

Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's is not sufficient to make this Road pafiable.

Table: Mr. John Richard Jon confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Gilpin; and proved particularly the bad Condition of Bore A Petition of the thereunder-written, on behalf of that Part of the said Road which leads from Penrith to Xtvi^asion. themselves, and other the Gentlemen, Owners, Farm- Kinburn Bridge, and the Impracticability of repairing the ers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hun- feme by the Laws in being.

dred of Eastand LVeJl Flegg, Happing, Tmjlead', North and Colonel John Stephenson laid. That the Road leading

South Erpringham, Taverham, Blojie/d, and IValJliam, in from Cockermouth to Penrith, is not passable for Wheel the County of Norfolk, was pre fen ted to the House, and Carriages without Danger, especially that Part which leads read; setting forth. That the River Bure, or the North towards Kefuuick.

River, emptying itl'elf into the Haven of Great Yarmouth, Captain John Fletcher said. That the Road from Penis the great and almoftonly Meansof exporting the Corn rish to Wigton, by Seberham Bridge, is in a very bad

and Produce of the said Hundreds; and of importing, Condition, and in l'otne Parts not pallabie; and that it

and bringing into the.lame, Coals, and other Necessaries cannot be repaired by the Statute-work, and Six Pence in of Lite: That the Navigation of the said River hath been, the Pound.

for many Years last part, maintained by a certain Allow- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ance out of the Tonnage collected by virtue of an Act, repairing the High Road from Penreth, through made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty and Cockermouth, to Bridgefoot; and from Penreth afore-King George the Frit, intituled, An Act for clearing, said, through N.wton and Lem on by, to Wigton, in the deptnentpg, extending, maintaining, and improving, the County of Cumberland: And that Sir Lowther,

Haven and Piers of Great Tarmouih; and for depthening. Colonel the Lord Dupplin, and Sir John

and making more navigubie, the several Riv.rs emptying den, do prepare, and bring in, theiame.

themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving

Ships, wintering in the said Haven, from Accidents by The Loid Dupplin reported from the Committee, ap- Lorar* Fire; but that the said Act expiring at the End of the pointed to inspect the Lords Journals, in relation to their Impeachment last Sc-flion of Parliament, and no Duty having been since Proceedings upon the Impeachment of Simon Lord Lovat, raised for the Support of the said Navigation, the same is That th y wad inspected the Lords Journals accordingly; now falling into Decay; and, unless considerable Sums and had directed him to report to the House, what they Vox.. 25. found

191 17° Februarii. A. 1746-

found in them in relation to the Lords Proceedings upon pose (unless upon the Spot) under the Penalty of Forty the Impeachment of the said Lord; which he read in his Shillings Gallon: That it hath been also found by Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Experiment, that steeping Seed-corn in this Brine is the

Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz. greatest Preservative yet discovered against verminous ln-The Committee appointed to inspect the Lords Jour- lefts thatdestroy the Seed in the Ground; that it would nals, in relation to their Proceedings upon the Im- be an excellent Ingredient in making polished Glass, by peachment of Simon Lord Lovat, do find, reason it adds a Lustre beyond any other Saline Prepara.- That the House of Lords have presented an Address tion; is highly valuable to Physicians, Chycnifts-, Apothe-to his Majesty, humbly to desire that his Majesty will be caries, and Farriers, in the Preparation of the moll use-plealed to appoint a Lord High Steward, to continue du- ful Medicines; and is capable of being converted into the ring the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat: And that his Ma- best Sort of Pickle, with once boiling only; of all which jesty had been pleased to give Orders accordingly. Advantages the Subjects of this Realm are at present

Whereupon the House of Lords ordered, That the said deprived; but that if, by Authority of the Legislature, Commission for appointing a Lord High Steward shall this Brine were allowed to be taken, upon Payment of a be in the like Form as that for the Tryal of the Lord Duty proportionable to what would arise from the Salt Viscount Stafford, as entered in the Journal of the House that might be drawn from thence, the Revenue would be-of Lords the 30th of November 1680, except that the greatly increased by the Use of what is at present of no same be in the English Language. Benefit to his Majesty, or any of his Subjects; for which Then your Committee examined the said Commission, Liberty the Petitioner offers to pay Ten thousand Pounds as entered in the said Journal; and do find the same to be per Annum to the Government for Seven Years to come conformable to what was settled and agreed upon between and doubts not but, as the Utility of this Brine will by both Houses of Parliament, in pursuance of the Amend- degrees become better and better known to all Parts of -ment proposed by the Commons, as entered in the Jour- the Kingdom, it may in the Space of Twenty Years be trials Of this House of the 15th May 1679, and the 29th an Addition of £. 50,000 per Annum to his Majesty's Re-

- Nomember 1680.- venue: That the great Quantities of this Brine, which

Your Committee do likewise find, That the House of now run waste, betides furnithing sufficient for the Uses

‘Lords have ordered, that the Counted assigned the said Lord aforesaid, would, if manufactured, be sufficient to supply <Lovat may be present when he is at the Bar, in order to all Parts of this Kingdom with Salt of the beftNature and be heard touching any Point or Matter of Law, if any Quality for curing Fish, and at the same time furnish such shall arise, during the said Tryal; and that the Wit- great Quantities for foreign Exportation, and that at nesses which shall be produced by the Lord Lovat, to be Thirty perCent. cheaper than its present real Value, as by-examined in his Defence, shall be examined upon Oath; a Calculation, ready to be produced, will plainly appear; which Oath shall be administered in like Form as an by which Means the Subjects of this Realm might be en-Oath was directed by that House to be administered to abled to carry their Fifii to foreign Markets at the fame, any Witnesses who should be produced by the Earl of if not a lower Price, than they can be now supplied by Wintoun at his Tryal. any other Hands; which might be a Means, in time, of

And they also find, That the House of Lords have recovering to our own Country that most inestimable ordered, that Accommodations be made, in the Scaffold Branch of Trade the Fishery, at present principally cn-already creded in Westminster-hall, for the Commons, as grofled into the Hands of Foreigners, and be thereby a bath been used in Tryals in Westminster-hall upon Im- Fund for raising a Nursery of Seamen, additional to what -peachments.- the Colliery and Merchants Service now furnish: That

the Legislature, sensible of the Benefits that might arise impeachment of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to view the by the Use of this Brine, for making common Salt only

Lord Lovat. Court ere died in Westminster-hall; and report to the (the extraordinary Qualities thereof beyond other Brine House whatConveniencies and Accommodations aremade (being not then discovered) did, in the 14th Year of the for the Members of this House, when the House shall Reign of King the Second, pass an Act for making

be present, as a Committee of the whole House, at the the River Salwarp navigable from to the River

Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, impeached of High Treason: Severn, for the Carriage of the Salt then intended to have

And a Committee- was appointed of Lord DnppUn, been made from the B.ine above-mentioned; but that the Mr. Legge, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Henry Liddell, Sir several Persons thereby authorized did not carry the said John Cust, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Doneraile, Mr. Doding- Act into Execution; and that as the completing such ton, Mr . Gybbon, Mr. Frankland, Mr. OJbaldeston, Lord Navigation would open a Communication from Droitivich George Saekville, Mr. Compton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Legit, (an inland Town) to Worcester, Gloucester, and

Mr. Pratt, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Burrell, Mr. ProElomany other Sea-ports, to which there is now no Convey-Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pyt/s, Mr. Heathcote, ance but by Land Carriage; the Petitioner, being a Na-Sir John Barrington, Mr. Delme, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. tive of that Country, and sensible of the Benefits that Revel, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Proby, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Garwould arise to the Publick thereby, did, in the Year 1745, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir John Crojff'e, Mr. Cope, Mr. Arundell, procure a Survey and Plan of the said River to be taken,

- Sir John Notris, Mr. Torke, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gore, Sir together with an Estimate of the Charge of making the

Charles Mordaunt; or any Five of them. same navigable; and did also obtain a Petition from the

Bailiff, Burgesses, Proprietors of Salt Springs, and other Salwarp A Petition of Simon Wood, Citizen and Haberdasher Inhabitants, of the Town of Droitivich, for making the River. of London, was presented to the House, and read; let said River navigable, in order to be presented to the ting forth. That there hath been a late Discovery made House; all which was done at the foie Expence of the of the strongest and most efficacious Brine within the Petitioner: And representing to the House, that thisde-Kingdom of England (if not in the known World) at firable Work may be completed by only allotting One Droitivich in H orcefiershire, with which the Bowels of Peny per Buftiel upon all the Salt to be made at -the Earth are strongly impregnated, supposed to arise from for the Space of Seven Years; and that the Peti-

a subterranean River continually flowing and running tioner is willing and offers to undertake and perfect such waste into the River Salwarp: That if this Brine, from Navigation for that or any adequate Consideration; or which no Benefit arises to the Publick, or any private otherwise to furnish any Person or Persons, willing to en-Person, were permitted to be made use of in such manner gage in such Undertaking, with the Materials by him as Rock Salt now is, it would prove of great Advantage col left ed for that Purpose, on being allowed such reason-to this Kingdom, being peculiarly signal for curing Dif- able Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expence, as to the ealcs in Cattle; and which, lb greatly wanted at this cri- House shall seem meet; the Petitioner having the Interest ticai Juncture, cannot be taken and applied for that Pur- of the Publick more in View, in this Application, than

his

"Leave of

Absence.

Wednesfield

Chapel.

20 Geo. II. 170 Fe 293

hi* own private Gain: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as to them shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas have Leave to continue in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of Martha Gough, of Old Fallings, in the County of Stafford, Widow j IF alter Gough, of Pttry hall, in the same County, Esquire; Thomas Hays, of Hot-verhampton, in the Time County, Gentleman; Thomas 7 omkxs, of /Vcdne field, in the same County, Esquire; and WillliamTomkys and John Wood, both of t he lame

Place, Gentlemen; lor and on behalf of themltlves, and other Contributors for thecrefling and endowing aChapel in the 'J'ownship or Hamlet of aforesaid; was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Township or Hamlet of W, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, is a large and populous Place, inhabited chiefly by Persons employed in the Iron Manufactures carried on in the said Town and Parish: That t)ic Parish Church of Wolverhampton aforesaid is near Two* Miles dillant from the Township or Hamlet of Wednesfield aforesaid; and that the Road lying between the same being very' deep and dirty in the Wintcr Season, makes it very troublefomc and inconvenient to the Inhabitants of the said Township of Wednesfield to attend Divine Service at their Parish Church: That the Petitioners, and divers other well-disposed Persons, have, by a voluntary Si.bfeription, raised and contributed a Sum of Money fuffiuent to erect and build a proper and convenient Building or Chapel within the said Township or Hamlet of IVcdue field, in order to be consecrated and set apart for the publick Wotlhtp of Almighty God, according to the Usage of the Church of England, and for the Maintenance and Support of a Ministeror Curate to officiate therein i and have proposed and agreed that the Right of Prelentation and Nomination to the said Chapel or Curacy should bo vested in the Petitioner Gough, and her Heirs, as the largest Contributors to the said pious and charitable Design: That the said Chapel is proposed to be erected and built upon Wednesfield Green, lying near the Middle of the Township or Hamlet, of Wednesfield aforesaid, being Part of the Wade of the Manor of Wolverhampton, which is the Inheritance of the Dean of Windforand Wolverhamptoand the Prebenda-

ries. Sachrifl, or Sexton, of the Collegiate Church of verhampton; but is under and subject to a Lease of Three Lives made unto and veiled in Trullees, in Trust, for the Right honourable Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, during the joint Lives of the said Earl, and of Richard Dovey, Clerk; and, after the Death of either of them, in Trull, for such Person as shall lie infilled thereto under the Wills of Henry late Earl of Bradford, and Anne Smith, deceased, respectively: That the Committees of the Ellate of the said Earl of Bradford the Lunatick, and also the Committee of the Ellate of John Newport Esquire, a Lunatick, who has a reversionary Interest in the Lease of the said Manor (expectant on the Detcrmi-nati n of the Ellate and Property of the Earl of Bradford therein) under the Wills of the said Henry Earl of Bradford and Anne Smith respectively (lo far as they lawfully may) and also the present Dean and Prebendaries of Wolverhampton, who are Lords of the Manor, and Patrons of the Advowson of the Parish Church of Wolverhampton, and Thomas Cradock, Clerk, the present Mini-ller of the said Parish Church (but foas not to prejudice his Dues and Fees anling and payable within the said Township or Hamlet of Wednesfield aforesaid) are respectively willing and delirous, and have consented, that the said pious and charitable Design may be effected, and carried into Execution; but that the same cannot be effetfltially done, lb as to ani'wer the Intention of the Pariirs iniercfted therein, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Vol. 23.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Bramfion, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir Nathanael Cttrzon, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Williams, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Geo. Oxenden, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Tyner, Mr Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Delate, Sir John Philipps, Lord Gage, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Carew, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Gore, Mr and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Worcester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georg the First, intituled, An Act for repaiiing the Roads leading from the Wellern Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the County of Essex; and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the county of ; and

from Margretting to Malden, in the County of Essex-, and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Wellern Part of the Parish of Shenfield to Harwich, in the county of ; and the Road leading from Chelmsford, in the said County, to Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk; and from Margretting to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads.

Ordered, That Mr. Bramfion do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Norfolk, assembled at their General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace held the 17th Day of January 1746, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Shire House on the Castle Hill, in the said County, where the Summer Assizes, and the Quarter-Sessions for the Peace for the said County, have been always held, was lately intirely burned down: That it is absolutely necessary that a new Shire House should be erected there for the Purposes aforesaid, but that the same cannot possibly be done Time enough for the next Summer Assizes; and that there is no Place so convenient for the holding the said Assizes and Sessions, for the said County of Norfolk, as the City of Norwich, which lies in the Centre of the said County; That, as the said City is a County of itself, the Assizes and Sessions for the said County of Norfolk cannot be held there by any Law now subsisting: That it is doubtful whether the Laws now in Force are sufficient to authorize the railing Money on the said County of Norfolk for the Rebuilding of the said Shire House: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the holding the Assizes and Sessions of the Peace, for the County of Norfolk, in the said City and the County of Norwich, until a new Shire House can be built for the said County of Norfolk, and for the building a Shire House on the said Castle Hill; and for the railing Money on the said County of Norfolk for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Vere, Mr. Walpole, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Williams, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Rush, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Powlett, Sir

4 F Henry

Shenfield

Roadi.

Norwich Shire Hall.

294

17* — 18°

A. 1746.

Motion respecting Offices held in Trull.

Henry Liddell, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gybbon, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon

Mr. Cgoke, Lord Gage, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bacon, Sir John Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Turner, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. ftffleck, Mr. Boone, Mr. tain called; and for applying a certain Sum of

Burrell. Mr. Bramston, Mr. Bowes, Admiral Mathews, Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Mr. Hay; and all the Members who lervefor the Coun- Service of the Year 1747.

ties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Af- Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the

ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. reported from the Committee, to whom

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An t That a Committee be appointed, to inquire whether any to enable Edmund formerly called Edmund

and what Offices belonging to the Revenue are held in Dring, and his Heirs, to take, ule. and bear, the Sur-Trust, in the Whole, or any Part, for others, and for name and Arms of Garforth, was committed. That the whom; and whether any, and what, Deductions, Allow- Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and ances, or Gratuities, are made out of them to any Person found the same to be true; and that the Committee or Persons, and to whom, in order to lessen the publick had directed him to report the Bill to the House, with-Expence, and to prevent any undue Influence in future out any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the

Dring

Nam

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeU^rs for Che Yeas

Clerk's Table.

I JO.

Tellers for the Noes, S "r-

I Mr. Ellis:

So it passed in the Negative.

J

197.

Servant*

Wage*.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Mr. White reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, and Jane Parkyns, with the Consent of their Guardian and Trustees, to make a Conveyance, by way of Settlement, on their Intermarriage, notwithstanding their Minority, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and

Parkynit

Marriage

Setticotit

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the betteradjufting, and more easy Recovery, of Servants Wages; and for the better Regulation of Servants.

Commerce vrith Spain.

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18° die Februarii;

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 12. L. 2*. After "Years," inert " and that, " from and after the Solemnization of the said intended " Marriage, the said Sir Thomas Parkyns the Son shall and may give Acquittances and Releales for the Rents and Profits of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and that such Acquittances and Releases shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if he was of full Age."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the Houlc.

C i

Warrington

Roads,

A1

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of Lancaster j and also for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid; was read the of Simon Lord Lovat, impeached of High Treas'on. Third time.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Carew, Lord Loth* Mr. Witfon, Mr. John Torke, Sir John be I"Pe*chaal

added to the Committee who are appointed to view the Court erected in Westminster-hall; and report to the House what Conveniences and Accommodations are made for the Members of this House, when the5House shall be present, as a Committee of the whole House, at the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the county of ; and allb for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in Wall-gate, in Wigan aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Shuttleworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Supply Bill; Mak Duties, Sec.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747; was read the Third time.

Resolvedfih&t the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malr, Mum, Cyder and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng-

*7

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Rolf ord and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act, to enable Lillie Smith, and his Heirs by Valentina his Wife (formerly Valentina AynJ'combe)to take and use the

Surname of Ynscombe, pursuant to the Will of Thomas slynfeombe Elqutre, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Smith'*

Name.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved,

Win

and Meant

Supply,

a o Geo. II. 18° — 190 — 20° Febrtiarii.

29 5

Foreign Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

TroteUant* |Rg next, resolve itself into a Committee ot' the whole *' IJoufe, upon the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants.

And then the II nife adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die;

Anno 20" Georgii II'1* Regi*, 1746. Prayers.

Dring*a A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. uTx to enable Edmundformerly called Edmund Dring, and his Heirs, to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms o ( Garforth, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IVdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of being read; the House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Distribution Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reserv- of Pm«. ing a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Limerick took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Limerick reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Rennet:

Mr. Speaker,

I miLovat'* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

Xapcachacot. That, upon the humble Pet ition of Simon I.ord

for putt ing off his Tryal to a further Day, for Realons therein alleged, their Lordilrps have enlarged the Time appointed fur the T.yal of the said Lord till the

51I1 Day of March nexr.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rr. Andrew, Hot born, Btn'ing

Grouaa.

Sir William Calvertpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bdl to enable the Panfhioners of the Parish of Saint Andrew, i hi born, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to purchal'c a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necvssary for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

F*rky«>'« An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Harri^e to enable Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, and Jane Parkyns, *<u*ea*0, with the Content of their Guardians and Trustees, to make aConveyance, by way of Settlement, on their Intermarriage, notwithstanding their Minority, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth clcfirc the Concurrence of their Lord fit ips

Addrrft for removing a PrrfoB from Oficr for Bribery in Eic&nni.

Resolved, Nemine contradiecnle. That an humble Ad-drels be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Directions that William Redali, Inspector of his Majesty's Customs between Renvick and Hull, having given Bond to pay annually Part of the Salary of the said Office to a Voter for Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of York, be discharged from the said Office, if the said William Redali (till continues to enjoy the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be prcienled to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

CivilOovem- Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his mu of Gib- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-!*kar. reftions, that an Account be laid before this House, of

what Proceedings have been had for the eltabhlhing a Civil Government at Gibraltar, and for declaring the same a free Port, since the lad Application of this House to his Majesty for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

Vol. 25.

The other Order of the'Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to repeal an Act, masse in the Commerce 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An w,t^ Spain. Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Verier is y 20° die Februarii;

Anno 20° Georgii Ildl Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road be- Newcittle tween Cow Causey End, adjoining to the Town of upon Tjrne Newcastle upon Tyne, and the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton-burn, in the County of Northumberland,

was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 4. After " of," to insert " Coal, Lime And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do paf>: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cow Catvfey, near the Town of castleupon Tyne, to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton-burn, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir William Middleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for opening, cleansing, repairing, and impfov- SouthwoqjH ing, the Haven of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk, Harbour-was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cordel Firebrace, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Savi/e, Mr. Affleck, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Gray, Mr. Foley, Sir Wat kin Wms. Wynn,

Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Wa/poie, Mr. Crew, Colonel

hend. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Bramston, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Lechmere,

Mr. Lifer, Mr. Proufe, Sir Roger New diMr ./7k-mer, Mr. Vere, Mr. OJaldeston, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr.

Chelwynd, Mr Compton, Sir Miles , Mr. West

Mr. Pytts, Mr. Frankland, Lord , Mr. Jeaffre-

son. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Craven, Mr. Vane, Mr.

Cornezvall-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Ejf-x\ anthill the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Rennet:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Realm?, to continue and make more effectual Two Acts ol Par- koada.

liauient.

296

22® Felruarii.

A. 1746.

Earl Lei ce tier's EiUtes.

Guy's

Hofyital

EiUte.

Taylor's

Estates.

liament, One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in , and Punt-

field, in the County of Berks; and for amending other Roads in the last Act mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of Thomas Earl of Leicester, and Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Lord his only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marriage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the Lady Mary Campbell, One of the Daughters of John Late Duke of Argyll, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm a Decree of the Duchy Court of Lancaftcrconcerning certain Marth Lands, called

Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincoln-, and a Convey-

ance from Lascelles Metcalfe Esquire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of Guy's Hospital; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to confirm a Decree of the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster concerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincoln; and a Conveyance from Lascelles Metcalfe Esquire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded at the foie Costs and Charges of Thomas Guy Esquire.

Ordered, That Mr. Brookfbank do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act . for railing Money by Leafing or Sale of the Estates late of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for making a Partition of such Estates, or so much thereof as shall not be fold, for the Purposes aforesaid; was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Winford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Feet broad at the Top, the Fxper.cc whereof amounted to 19,787/. is. That the Commissioners, in vir-

tue of the Trufc reposed in them, performed several other Works towards the opening, cleansing, and improving, the said River, Port, and Haven: That in the Year 1719, in particular, they expended, at Two different Times, the several Sums of 432/. 6s. 10 and 362/. u. 5^ and in the Year 1720 the further Sum of 230/. m. 10 was applied to the same Purposes.

Mr. Isaac Thompson confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Burleigh, in regard to the Works performed by the Trustees, and the Expence attending the fame; which he said that he, together with Mr. Burleigh, had abstracted from the Books of Accounts kept by Mr. White, Agent to the Commissioners.

Then Mr. Thomas Marly produced to the Committee the Books of Accounts, which, he said, he had received from Mr. White, who (on account of his great Age) was incapable of attending your Committee in Person; but that he (the said White) informed the Witness, that those Books contained a just and particular Account of all Receipts and Dilb'urfements of Money by virtue of the said Act; and that the said Books had never been out of the Custody of the Witness since he received them from Mr. White.

An Abstract of the Receipts and Disbursements is as follows}

£ el.

Received by the Treasurer, from June

24th, 1717, to December21ft, 1 733 27,925 16

Diflaurfed by him during that time — 27,847 14

lb

Balance remaining in Hand 21 Decern-bir *753 - - - - 78 2

Received from December 21ft, 1733, to-June 24th, 1738, at which time the Act expired, 5,337/. 19*. 11 5,416

which, with the above Balance of 78/. is. oft/, amounts to -

Disbursed in the same Time

- 5'°86

.A

4

So that there remains in the Treasurer's Hands -

-I

33*

Wear River and Sunderland Fort.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners of Lands and Grounds adjoining on, or lying near to, the River Wear, in the County of Durham, and the other Gentlemen, Merchants, Trades-men, and Inhabitants, within the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said lYtition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the.Housejand he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was read; whereby it appeared, tint certain Powers were granted to the Commissioners thereby appointed, and certain Duties imposed and made payable, from and after the 24th Day of June in the Year of our Lord 1717, for the space of 21 Years, to be applied for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act:

And also an Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty, was read; whereby several further Powers were granted to the said Commissioners during the said Term, and for the same Purposes.

Then the Committee examined Mr. Mark Burleigh: Who laid, That the Commissioners appointed to put the said Acts in Execution had expended a considerable Sum of Money in building a Pier on the South Side of the said Haven; which Pier is 333 Yards long, and 30

Then your Committee proceeded to examine into the present State of the said River and Haven, and whether the Works already performed were sufficient to secure and improve the Navigation of the fame, or what further Works might be necessary for those Purposes.

And Mr. Burleigh and Mr. Thompson severally informed your Committee, That, notwithstancfing the Works already done, a dangerous Sand hath collected itself at the Mouth of the Harbour: That One of the Witnesses measured the said Sand about Two Months ago, and found it to extend a Hundred Yards from the Pier; That it stretches out in an irregular F igure, and is in most Places about a Hundred Yards broad: Thar the said Sand is daily increasing; and must in a little time totally obstruct the Navigation of the said River and Port, which is already rendered so difficult thereby, that several Mailers of Ships have abf dutely refilled to come into the said Harbour, on account of the Danger thereof, to the great Detriment of the said Town of Sunderland, and Parts adjacent.

The said Witnesses, being asked what Methods were proper to be taken to remove the present Obstructions, and to prevent the same or any other for the future, severally said.

That the proper and only Method, as they apprehended, for obtaining those Purposes, was, by lengthening the Pier already built on the South Side, and by erecting a Pier or Piers, Jettce or Jettees, on the North Side of the said Port or Haven, which Works the Commissioners appointed by the former Acts proposed to have performed; but the Duties collected by virtue of those Acts (as appeared by the Accounts before-mentioned) were infuffi-16 cient

20 Geo. II. 20* Februarii. 297

cient for that Purpose; and that it would be impossible to prefen'e the Navigation of the said River and Harbour without the further Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of in the County of Durham: And that Mr. Hours, Mr. Lambton, and Mr. Tempest, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Csttierick Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Or- Bridge dor, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from

Bridge, in the County of fork, through Tarm, in the said County, to and through Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Sedgy fie Id, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refohted, That the Bill be read a Second time.

AtWref* Rc/olved, Nemine contrThat an humble Ad-

trfpc&mjg dress be presented to his Majesty, humbly to beseech his Smiling. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give such Directions, as to his great Wil'dom lbail seem proper, for the immediate and effectual Execution of the Laws in being for the Supprclfing of the infamous Practice of Smuggling, whereby his Majesty's Revenue is greatly Icircncd, the Persons and Properties of his Majesty's Subjects are greatly injured, and the very Being of the Constitution is endangered.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Mctnbcis of this House as are of his Majesty's mt'ft Honourable Privy-Council.

Beonon re- A Petition of Nicholas Dennys Gentleman, in behalf of divers Merchants, and other Proprietors of Ships and phi'll S«»- Cargoes, which were seized by the Spaniards in the Year iwlrs of the »7 ‘ being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That lus Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting 'orth, That Nicholas Dennys, of the Petitioner's Father, and Company, were Owners of the Ship Mary Galley, and her Cargo; and Richard Score, and Company, were Owners of the Ship Neptune, and her Cargo; and William Allen, and Company, were Owners of the Ship True Love, and her Cargo; and George Buck, and Company, were Owners of the Ship Hope, and her Cargo; and Charles Davie, and Company, were Owners of the Ship Alexander, and her Car" >; and that the said Merchants fitted out the said Ship, m tl,e Year 1718 for

land^ in Time of Peace, where they went, and thence proceeded to Spain for Sue of their I'ilh; and that in the same fear, be lore the Mafic- 5 of the said Ships had any Notice of any War, and before any War was declared, the said Ships Hope, True Love, Mary , and Alexander, and their Cargoes, were seized in the Bay of Cadiz, lor the Use of the King of Spain, and confiscated; and that the Ship Neptune, and her Cargo, were seized in like manner, going into Corunna: That the Owners of the said Ships, purliiant to publick Notice given in the London Gazette, in April 1730, did deliver into the Office of the Lords Commissaries for Trade and Plantations their several Claims for Losses sustained by them, as aforesaid.as also the Proolsand Vouchers for the fame, amounting to £.8,732, for.; which Proofs and Vouchers were transmitted to the Commflaries appointed by his Majesty in pursuance of the Treaty of and were in-

eluded in the Demands, by the said Commissaries, on the Crown of Spain: That, in the Year 1738, a Convention was agreed on between his Majesty and the King of Spain; whereby it was rtipulated, that the King of Spain should cr.use to be paid to his Britanniik Majesty the Sum of £.05,000 Sterling, as a Balance due to the Crown and Subjects of Great Britain, over and above the Demands of the Crown of Spain: That, in May 1739, this House granted t o the Majesty the Sum of £. 60,000, to make good VOL. 25.

what had been acknowledged to be due from Great Britain to Spain-, which Sum of £. 60,000, together with the Balance of£. 95,000, which was to have been paid by the Crown of Spain, as aforesaid, was designed to have been appropriated to the paying the Demands of the said Sufferers, and the rest of his Majesty's Subjects who were Sufferers by the unjust Seizures and Depredations of the Spaniards: That the King of Spain not having complied with the Terms of the Convention, his Majesty was pleased to order Reprifels to be made on the Crown and Subjects of Spain; in consequence whereof, several rich Spanish Ships were taken before the Declaration of War against Spain: That, in the Year 1743, his Majesty was graciously pleased to grant a Commission for the Distribution of the Moiety of such Sums as had arisen from Reprifels, among such of It is Majesty's Subjects as had sustained LolTes by Spanish Depredations since the 2d of June 1721; whereby the Petitioners were excluded from any Relief under the said Commission, notwithstanding that their Losses constituted a great Part of the Demands made by the British Commissaries on the Crown of as aforesaid: That, in the Year 1743 and 1744, the said suffering Merchants, or their Representatives, petitioned this House, praying to be relieved out of the £.60,000 granted, as aforesaid, for the Uses of the Convention; and Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, then acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, and was graciously pleased to recommend it to the Confi- -deration of the House, who thereupon referred it to a Committee; who made a Report to the House, on the ad of May 1744, that such Losses, as aforesaid, had been sustained, and that the Proofs and Vouchers for the same had been delivered to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; and that the said£.6o,coo remained undisposed of: That, by reason of the late Rebellion, it was conceived improper to renew any Application to the House, for Relief in the said Matters, the ensuing Session; but that Rebellion being now happily suppressed, and Great Britain being restored to perfetft Tranquillity at home, praying, That such Relief maybe granted to the said suffering Merchants out of the said £. 60,000, or in such other manner as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Mercers' of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whole Company. Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants of the said Company, is referred, have Leave to lit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Mr. Lrvefon Gozver reported from the Committee, to wednesfield whom the Petition of Martha Gough, of Old Fallings, in Chapel, the County of Stafford, Widow; Walter Gough, of Pury Hall, in the same County, Esquire; Thomas Hays, of Wolverhampton, in the same County, Gentleman; Thomas Tomkys, of Wednesfield, in the same County, Esquire; and William Tomkys and John Wood, both of the same Place,

Gentlemen; for and on behalf of themselves, and other Contributors for the erecting and endowing a Chapel in the Township or Hamlet of Wednesfield aforesaid; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Rupert Dovey was called: And, being examined, feid, That the Township or Hamlet of Wednesfield, in (he Parish of Wolverhampton, is a large and populous Place, inhabited chiefly by Persons employed in the Iron Manufactures carried on in the said Town and Parish:

4 G and

Servants Wages, Icc.

Answer to Addreflcc.

Dundee

Improvement.

29$ 20° — 2 3°

and that the Parish Church of Wolverhampton is near Two Miles distant from We dues field Hamlet: and that the Road lying between the same is very deep and dirty in the Winter Season, which makes it very troublesome and inconvenient to the Inhabitants of that Township to attend Divine Service at their Parish Church.

And he further gave Evidence, That divers Persons have, by a voluntary Subscription, contributed the Sum of £.830, which Sum, he fays, will be sufficient to erect and build a convenient Chapel within the Township of nesfield, in order to be conl'ecrated and set apart for a publick Chapel, and for the Maintenance and Support of a Minister or Curate to officiate therein; and have agreed in whom the Right of Presentation and Nomination to the said Chapel Hull be veiled.

Then was produced, and laid before the Committee, a Plan of the Ground on Wednesfield Green, whereon the said Chapel is designed to be built, being near the Middle of the said Hamlet.

And it appeared to the Committee, That all the Parties concerned are willing and desirous the pious and charitable Design before-mentioned may be effected, and carried into Execution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for founding and building a Chapel in Wednesfield, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford: And

that Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. and Sir Waller

Wagstaffe Bagot, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of Servants Wages; and for the better Regulation of Servants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported, from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunes, 2 30 dieFebruarii;

Anno 20° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers. t

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their several Addresses, of ThurJ'day lad, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Lefiie reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Provost, Bailiffs, and Town Council, of the Borough of Dundee, under the Common Seal of the said Borough; and also the Petition of Alexander Duncan Esquire, for and on the behalf of the Provost, Bailiffs, and Town Council, of the Borough of Dundee; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the First Petition,

There was produced, and laid before the Committee, an Act, passed in the 4th Year of the Reign of his pre-f'ent Majesty, for continuing an Act, passed in the Parliament of Scotland in 1707, for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the said Town, and the Liberties and Sub-

Februarii. A. 1746.

urbs thereof, for dischargir.g the publick Debts of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and, by that Act, passed in the 4th Year of his present: Majesty, an additional Term of 25 Years, from the 251I1 Day of March 1731, was granted: and thereby Provision is made for paying off the then publick Debts of the said Town: and for cleansing, enlarging, and improving, the Harbour there; and for rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Piers, and the Common Hall and Gaol thereof; and for carrying on other publick Works of the said Town, and for making the same ulcful-and beneficial to the Inhabitants thereof; and for giving proper Salaries to the Mailers for instructing the Youth of the said Town.

Then Alexander Duncan Esquire, was called: Who, being examined, laid, That, since the Passing of the last mentioned Act, great Progress hath been made in carrying on the Repairs, and other necessary Works, directed to be done by the former Acts, whereby a Debt of £.4,480. ir. 3I d.(including a Debt of £. 1,945. lx. j-p/. incui-red at the Commencement of the present Term) is now due and owing on the Credit of the said Act.

And he further said. That it is not possible, during the Continuance of the fubiifting Term, to pay off and discharge the said Debt, and to carry on and complete the Repairs and Works directed to be done by the said Acts.

And he added to his Evidence, That, unless the present Term be enlarged, such publick Works, as have already been done, will loon go to Decay; and the Money, which has been laid out for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, will be intirely loft.

And, he being examined as to the Condition of the common Streets of the said Town, and also as ro the Want of Water for the Inhabitants thereof, he said. That the common Streets there are very much out of Repair, and that the Inhabitants had (by a Subscription) been at great Expence in conveying of good and wholesome Water into the Town.

He further said, That, in the late Rebellion, he was Provost of the Town; and then Part of their Revenue was levied by the Rebels, and the Remainder was expended for the Use and Service of the Government.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Allegations of the Second Petition;

When the said Mr. Duncan was called: Who said. That, in the Town of Dundee, there is an Hospital for the.

Reception of decayed Burghers, and a Revenue appropriated for the Support of them; and that it will be very useful to the Town, if that Hospital was converted into, and made use of as, a Workhouse for employing and setting to Work the poor Inhabitants of the Town; and that the Revenue appointed for their Support, applied as Pensions to maintain the poor Burghers for the Time being.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the common Streets of the said Town; and for supplying the said Town with good Water; and for converting an Hospital in the said Town into a Work-house for employing the Poor there: And that Mr. Lefiie, Sir Lodovick Grant, and Mr. Maule, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of Thomas Earl of Leicester, and Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Lord Coke, his only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marriage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the Lady Mary One of the Daughters of John late Duke of Argyll, de-cealed, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from

Walton

Earl

Lei c flier's Lliutci.

Walton

upon Thtiatt bridge.

io Geo. II.

23 — 24'

Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the of-pofite Shore in Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex: And the same was received; and read the First time. Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Bill; Mr. West preferred to the House, according to Order, Carriage a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties Dutks,4c. upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties; And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T'llcrS for tl, C Vc"'( )'5+-

TeUers for ,he Nocs'( MitcMmti'U, . 5"'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order of the Day being read;

Foreign The House resolved itself into a Committee of the rrotestants whole House, upon the Bill for naturalizing foreign Pro-' testants.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then alter Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 24° die Februarii;

Anno 20* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

Sr. Andrew A BILL to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Hoi borne J~\, Saint Andrew Holin the City of London,

Ground Jln<^ County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece 8 of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the Use

of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raile such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Fe/lozves, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Mr.

Delate, Sir "Daniel Lambert, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Brook shank, Mr. Gy b bon, Mr. Admiral Vernon, Mr. Elliot, Lord Strange, Mr. Onglcy, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Vere, Mr. Gore, Mr. Ccrncwall, Mr. Young, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Wilfin, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr.

Mr. Sxdenham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilbraham, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Compton, Mr. Cho/mondely, Mr. frey, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Rcbinfon, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Shuttleworth; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Anfiver to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad-Addrtft. dress of Friday last had hecn presented to his Majesty;

and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Servants Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported, from the Wages, &c. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for t'.e better adjusting, and moreealy Recovery, of Servants Wages; and for the better Regulation of Servants; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they bad directed VOL. 24

Februarii. 299

him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Army; punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Paymenty of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr.

Secretary at War and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Colebrooke Esquire was presented Mercer*' to the House, and read; setting forth, That there having Company, been presented to this House a Petition of Peter Shaw,

Doctor in Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Company of Mercers, of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company; the same is referred to a Committee to examine, and report the Matter thereof; and that the said Petition contains Allegations, in the F.xamination of which the Petitioner may be injurioully affected, unless he be permitted to prove (as he doubts not he is able to do) that the same are, so far as they regard himself, intirely groundless: And therefore praying. That he nuy have Liberty to be heard before the said Committee, as to the Matter of the said Petition, at such Time, and in such Manner, as this House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioner be heard, before the said Committee, if he thinks fit.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thmfday Morn- Foreign ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Protestana House, to consider further of the Bill for naturalizing Nat* foreign Protestants.

A Complaint being made to the House, at the Request privilega. of the Burgesses of the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts, That an undue Attempt hath been made to influence them, in giving their Votes for a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, by the Promise of £ 1,500, to be deposited in a Banker's Hands for that Purpose, to be spent or distributed, as the major Part of the Electors shall think proper;

And a Letter, signed W. Leverland, and dated London,

January 13, 1746, directed to Mr. William Hale, and brought to him, as the House was informed, by Mr Stephen Hale (in which Letter that Deposit is promised for that Purpose) was brought up to the Table, and read:

Ordered, That W. Leverland do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That William Hale do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Stephen Hale do attend this House upon this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill to repeal an ACV, made in the 13th Year of his Commerce present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibit- with spam, ing Commerce with Spain, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, That the said Bill be committed;

The House was moyed. That the Fifth Section of the said Act might be read:

And the feme was read accordingly:

And a Debate having arisen in the House upon the said Motion, That the said Bill be committed:

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Refclvtdl

o

300 2 40 — 2 50 — 2 60 Februarii. A. 1746.

Refolded, That an humble Ad chefs be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased (when his Majesty shall have Reason to believe the Crown of Spain will take off the Prohibition of Commerce with Great Britain' to take off the Prohibition of Commerce with Spain, laid by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, pursuant to the Power vetted in his Majesty by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

the whole House, to whom the Bill for reserving a cer- Distnbntw tain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy, was committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jovis, 26® die Februarii;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2 50 die Februarii;

Anno 200 Georgii llji Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

St. Jame»' /ORDERED, That Lord Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Weltmmfter v/ Hume, Mr. Bxicon, Mr. Scrvpe, Mr. Leveson Gower,

Churchyard. Mr Mr Dodington, Mr. Mr. Winford, Mr.

H'i Ikinson, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Glanville, Sir 'Thomas Drury, Captain Bofcaiven, Mr. be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Rector of the Parish Church of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and also of the Yeftry-men of the same Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vestry-

men and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred.

Smith's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. to enable Lillie Smith, and his Heirs by Valentina his Wife (formerly Valentina Ynscombe) to take and use the Surname of Ynscombe, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Ynscombe Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill 'be committed to Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Carew, Sir fVm. Calvert, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Marshall, Sir Richard

Warwick Bampfylde, Mr. Me/lish, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Chester, Mr. Heublon, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Winford, Mr. Fox, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Periam, Mr Proby, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Talbot, Sir John Crosse, Mr. Compton, Mr. Drake; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Bucks, and the City of

London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Carriage Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for raif-Duues, otc. jDg a certam Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Races and Duties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill.be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and Me*n». ing next? resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee, of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Anno 200 Georgii IId* Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Delme reported from the Committee, to whom Southarrproa

the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Waterwcri*. Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Southampton, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. 1

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Ruffen said. That the Town of Southampton is supplied with ffelh Water by Four Conduits of great Antiquity, which arc open to all Persons coming to draw Water: That these Conduits are supplied by Leaden Pipes from Conduit Heads, and Springs, about a Mile distant from the Town: That in Gosling Lane there is a Conduit, in which is a Pump, which is often used in dry Seasons to supply the said Town with Water: That at a small Distance from the Town there is a Water-house called Houndwell-koufe, where Two Pipes are constantly running, and the Poor of the Town used to walh their Clothes; from whence the Water runs to a large Pond without Eafi-gate, where all the Horses of the Town are generally watered; and in dry Seasons there is no Pond but this within a Mile of the Town, to water Horses.

That the Conduits are not only of great Use to the Inhabitants, but also to Matters of Ships, who frequently water at these Conduits, the Water being better for most Uses than Pump-water.

That these Conduits and Pipes were repaired, ever since his Memory, by Rates upon the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Houses in the said Town (except in the Tything of Portswood, and on the Estates of Padwell and Northani) until 1735, when, upon a Rite being made, several of the Inhabitants refused to pay to it, and, there being no Power to compel them, no Rate has been since made; and nothing has been laid out in repairing the said Conduits and Pip* s, but what arose by voluntary Contributions of Gentlemen: That the same are now l'o much out of Repair, that, if some Provision is not made, effectually to repair them, it will be a great Prejudice to the Inhabitants and Matters of Ships trading the re; and may be of the utmost ill Consequence in case of Fire, most of the Houses in the said Town confiding of Timber and Plaister Buildings.

Mr. Thomas Foy confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Jo'n Ruffen.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and maintaining the publick Conduits, and other Water-works, belonging to the Town of Southampton: And that Mr. Delme, Mr. Sydenham, and Mr.

Edward Gibbon, do prepare, an J bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Order, Wear Ri*«f a Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the and Sunder* River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the lind I*wrt* County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Greenwich better securing the Payment of such Shares of Prizes Hof;>iul.

taken

Bmntifland

Harbour,

&C.

Scotch Here table Jaradid.cn,

Foreign Pr defiant* Nat.

20 GeO. II 26* — 2i° Feb301

taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hof-j ttal at Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men in all Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for preventing Pensioners, and others, from embezzling the Goods and Stores of the said Hospital: And that Mr. Burrell, Mr. Hay, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 dieFebruarii 5

Anno 200 Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1746.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Bruntisland, in North Britain, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

In Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition,

Part of an Act, made in the 6th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, was read; whereby a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, was laid upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale fold within the said Burgh, and Liberties thereof, for railing Money to defray the ‘necessary Charges of maintaining and improving the Harbour belonging to the said Burgh, and for repairing the Church and Town-house, and also for discharging the publick Debts then due from the said Burgh; which Duty was to have Continuance, from the 24th Day of 1720, for the Term of25 Years; which Term is now expired.

Patrick Scotland James Mill, Ship-masters in Dundee, being severally examined, said, That the said Harbour, which is the only one upon the Firth of is now

going to decay for want of Money to keep the same in Repair; and that the Reviving of the said Act would be very beneficial to the said Town.

Then, in order to shew that the Revenue of the said Town is not sufficient to repair and maintain the said Harbour, a Slate of the said Revenue, with the annual Salaries, Stipendiaries, and Debts, payable out of the fame, since the Ijixpiration of the said Duty, attested by the Magistrates and Town Clerk of the said Burgh, was produced: whereby it appeared, that the said annual Salaries and Stipendiaries amount to the Sum of . 68. 4 11 \d. whereas the annual Revenue amounts only to the Sum of£. 59. 4*. 2 d.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And that Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lyttelton, and Sir Hugh Dalrympdo prepare, and bring

in the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking; away and abohlhing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called and for making

Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring Inch Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more eft'efti al Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Partof theunittd Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete: And that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor-General do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedesday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protcllants.

VcL. 25.

t*RAYERS.

MR. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- Stockton der, a Bill for repairing the High Road leading &c. from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, through Darlington, to Ba in the same County: And the time was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act £arj for settling the Estates of Thomas Earl of Leicester, and Leicester*s Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Lord Coke, his Estates. only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marriage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the Lady Mary Campbell, One of the Daughters of John late Duke of Argyll, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Walpole, Lord Limerick, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Warburton, Major Selwyn, Mr. Bowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Carew, Mr.

Montagu, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Walter,

Mr. Hales, Mr. Martin, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Cartwright, Mr. Winford, Mr. West, Mr. Duncombe,

Mr. Brereton, Mr Bacon, Mr. Cope, Mr. Page, Mr.

Tucker, Mr. Gray, Lord Perceval-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petitiion of the several Inhabitants of the Parish of gt jamet St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, whole Westminster . Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, Church-yard* and many others, Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of this House, that a Petition of the Bishop of Oxford, the licftor, and of the Vestry-men of the said Parish, has been presented to the House, praying, amongst other Things, the Authority of Parliament, to enable them to agree on makingaproper Addition to the Church-yard of the said Parish, by taking in all or Part of a Piece of Ground therein mentioned, said to contain in Front, to Piccadilly, Sixty-five Feet (but which, on Admeasurement, is found tocontain Sixty-leven Feet, as the Petitioners are informed) and, in Depth, Seventy-five Feet, a little more or less: That the Act of Parliament recited in the said Petition grants to the Rest or of the said Parish, for the Time being, only Forty Feet, Part of the said Piece of Ground, on which Two Messuages were erected; and that the Remainder was intended to be laid into the Church-yard, by way of Addition thereto, as the Petitioners hope to make appear to the House; but that, because the said Forty Feet is said to be bounded to the East with the Church-yard, the said Rector claims the whole Sixty-five, or Sixty-seven,

Feet, by virtue of the said Act of Parliament; and therefore took Possession thereof at Michaelmas 1740, at which time the Grant was to take Effect: That the said Piece of Ground is greatly wanted for a Church-yard: And therefore, as the Petitioners apprehend it was originally designed to be added thereto, praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard by themselves, or Coun-fel, in what they have to offer against that Allegation in the said Petition, which relates to the said Ground, in such manner as the House shall p'ease to order; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

4 H Ordered,

Durham,

&c.

Road.

Commerce

with Spain.

Yannouth

Harbour.

302 27 ' FebruariL1740.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- by the Counties of Norfolk and and the Burgh of

sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the to treat and agree upon a joint Application

Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Rest or to Parliament for a Renewal of the said late expired Act, of the Parish Church of the Parish of St. James, within with suchAlterationsas might bell conduce to the publick the Liberty of Westminster, and also of the Vellry-men Good: That every Meeting of the said Deputies, since

of the same Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, 1741* broke up without coming to any Agreement, be-on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vestry- cause the Deputies for the Burgh of Great Yarmouth men, and other Inhabitants, of the said Parish, is re- constantly infilled, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Bur-ferred: And that they do examine the Matter of this gestes, of the said Burgh, should have the absolute Dif-Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, posal of Six Pence per Ton, to be raised for the U.'e of to the House. the said Haven and Piers, by having the uncontroulable

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Leathes, Direction of the Works that should be performed there, Mr. Muffenden, Mr. Locke, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr, Cople- and the foie Execution of them, subject to ah Inspection. fton, be added to the said Committee. of their Accounts only, as by the said late expired Act;

which said Act continued in Force near Twenty-two Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Years, and raised in that Time, for the Use of the said Bill for repairing the High Road leading through and Haven and Piers, about Twenty-two thousand Pounds; from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to which has been so ineffectually applied, that the said Tyne Bridge, in the said County, was committed. That Haven and Piers were not amended thereby, but, at the the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Expiration of the said Act, remained in a very bad and and found the same to be true; and that the Committee ruinous Condition: That, in order to the improving the

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolFcd.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be gra-cioully pleased (when his Majesty shall have Reason to believe the Crown of Spain will take off the Prohibition of Commerce with Great Brit) to take off the Prohibition of Commerce with Spain, laid by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with pursuant to the

Power vested in his Majesty by the said Act, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That his Majesty is pleased to comply with what is therein desired by this House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City and County of Norwich, in Common Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, that the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, have presented a Petition to the House, setting forth, That the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Town have many Years been maintained and repaired by several fhcceflive Acts of Parliament, the last whereof, which was passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, is determined and expired, and praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire; by an Imposition on Coals, and other Goods, to be imported into the said Haven; and that these Petitioners, the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich, have a just Sense of the Necessity of railing Money for repairing, amending, and altering, the said Piers, and for depthening and cleansing the said Haven and the Chanel o and the Rivers

emptying themselves into the said Haven, which were provided for by the said late-expired Act: That the last mentioned Petitioners have for several Yearspaft, from time to ,time, aj>i>ointedDeputiestomeetotherDeputiesappointed

said Haven and Piers, and preventing such ineffectual Application of Money to be raised for the said Haven and Piers for Time to come, it was proposed, That the Twelve Commissioners to be appointed, as by the said late-expired Act, for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, City of Norwich, and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, should be impowered to direct the raising a Sum of Money by Duty on Coals, and other Goods, imported into the said Haven, to be by them, or the major Part of them, applied to the amending and altering the said Piers in the most expeditious and effectual manner, in order to remove a Bax, which frequently gathers to such a degree, before the Entrance into the said Haven, as to obstruct the Passage of Ships out of, or into, the said Haven, for many Weeks together, to the very great Damage of the Merchants and Manufacturers of the City of Norwich, who export their Goods to foreign Parts, and also of Exporters of Corn into foreign Parts, or to other Ports of this Kingdom, through the said Haven: That it has allb been proposed, that further Sums of Money Ihculd be raised for keeping the said Piers, so amended and altered, in Repair, and for depthening and cleansing the said Haven and the Channel of Bray don, and the Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven. And further reprefeating to the House, That about One-half of the Money raised by a Duty on Coals, and other Goods, imported into the said Haven, will be paid by the City and, County of Norwich And therefore praying. That, if Leave be given to bring in a Bill for raising Money upon Coals, and other Goods, to be imported into the said Haven, which shall be brought up to the City and County of Norwich, the Petitioners, the Mayor, Sheriff, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich, may be authorized to appoint Commissioners, who, with Commissioners to be appointed lor the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, may have Power to dispose of all Monies to* be raised for the said Haven and Piers} and to contract with Workmen for executing such Work as they, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be done to the said Haven and Piers, in order to prevent the Bar gathering at the Entrance into the said Haven; and to gain such a Depth of Water as will admit therein not only such flat-bottomed Ships as of late Years have been built for the Trade of that Port, but also Ships of greater Burthen, which, for want of such a Retreat in stormy Weather, have been obliged to lie in Yarmouth Roads during such Storms, where many Ships of late Years have been loft inSight of the said Town; which might have been laved, if they could have put into the said Harbour for Shelter, as formerly: And further praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against any Bill, applied for by the Burgh of Great Yarmouth, for raising Money upon Coals, and other Goods, brought through the said haven to the City and County of Norwich, to be by the said Burgh applied

separately

20 Geo. II. l70 Felruarii. — z° Martiu 303

separately to the said Haven and Piers, Without the Concurrence of Commissioners for the said City and County, to be appointed by the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the said City and County, or their Successors.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

▼smooth A Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, I-and-

Hubour. owners. Farmer?, and others, of the County of Suffolk, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Haven, Pier, and Bridge, of Great , in

the County of Norfolk, are in a ruinous Condition, and likely to become so more and more; and the Navigation of the Three Rivers, which centre there, intirely ob-flrutfted, to the great Detriment of the Trade and Manufactures of the Counties of Norfolk and , and

City of Norivich, and the Borough of Great Yarmouth, unless timely prevented by the Interposition and Assistance of Parliament: And therefore, on behalf of the Petitioners themselves, as well as for their Tenants, and many others the Inhabitants of the County of Suffolk, who, from their Situation, are more particularly interested and concerned therein, praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual repairing and maintaining the said Haven, Pier, and Bridge, and for the Navigation of the said Rivers, by laying such a Duty or Toll upon all Goods and Merchandize imported into the said Haven, as to the House shall seem meet, in order to answer the Pyrpoles before-mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sonthwould Ordered, That Mr. Caretv, Mr. Ruff, Mr. Cotton, Harbour. Mr. Robert Williams, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Aluffenden, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of -would, in the County of Suffolk, is committed.

of Middlesex, be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Coun-fel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be reaJ a Second time upon Tuesday Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill t House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill-, and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly;

And the said Bill was read the First time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Army Mutiny and Defection.

Wa'*on A Petition of the several Barge-masters, Barge-carters, pon Thames Freighters of Barges, and others, whose Names are there-Erid^e. under written, as well in behalf of themselves, and many other Barge-masters, Barge-carters, and Freighters, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, being informed there is a Bill brought into this House for the building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from Walton, in the County of Surry, to the of-pofite Shore in Shepperton, in the County of think it their indispensable Duty to make their earliest Application to this House; apprehending, if such a Bill should pal's into a Law, it would greatly prejudice and injure the Navigation as to Craft in general, and in particular to West Country Barge-masters, who navigate very large Barges, and bring down very large Quantities of Corn, Meal, and other Goods, to the Cities of London and Westminster, and Places adjacent, whereby they will

be greatly retarded in making their Turn to and from the West Country, as well as expensive and dangerous to the Barge-men navigating the Barges, and Barge-carters: That the Place where the said Bridge isproposed and intended to be built crols, from Walton in Surry, to Shepperton in MiddLsex, there runs One of the moll rapid Streams, or Current, upon the River Thames; and there also being a Twist or Turning of the River in that particular Place, the Petitioners insist, and doubt not to prove, that it will be almost: impossible to navigate the large West Country Craft through any Bridge to be built there, without running the utmost Danger of sinking their Barges, damaging the Freighters Goods, and losing the Lives of the Barge-men: That the Petitioners conceive very great ln-conveniencies must arise to them if the said Bill should pass into a Law, for the Reasons above let forth, which they are ready to make appear to this House: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for building a Bridge crols the River of Thames, from Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore in , in the County

Vol. 25.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 2° die Mart it;

Anno 2o# Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

P ft A Y e k s.

ORDERED, That Mr. Talbot, Mr. Mr. St. J»m«

Hume Campbell, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Mr. Lumley, Mr. Ord, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. urc Tucker, Mr. Walter, Mr. Heathcote, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Retftor of the Pa-rifli Church of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and also of the Vestry-men of the feme

Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants, of the said Parish, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Montagu, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir John St. Andrew Cuff, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Tuffneil, Sir Na- Holborn thanael Curzon, Mr. Hooper, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the U(e of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose; is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to wigan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, in the room of Sir Roger Bradshaigh Baronet, dccealed.

Mr. Debrie presented to the House, according to Order, s»uthemp»o»

a Bill for repairing and maintaining the publick Conduits, " »lor-',u,t*-

and

3°4

a* Martii.

A. 1746.

and other Water-works, belonging to the Town of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved,.That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sunderfan I Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Road. Bill for repairing the High Road from Sunderland near the Sea to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amend* ment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Cfrencerter Mr. Bathurst presented to the House, according to Road. Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of to Birdlip's Hill, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Catherick A Bill for repairing the Road leading from Catlieriek *^8* Bridge, in the County of through Yarm, in the said

°* ' County, to and through Stockton, in the County of Dur-

ham, and from thence, through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Sir Hugh Smithfen, Sir Roger Newdigate, Mr. Mr. Pratt, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. , Mr. Shuttleworth

junior, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Archer, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Delme, Sir John Barrington, Mr. , Mr. Hope, Sir John Philipps, Lord Strange, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cornett:all, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. (Valter, Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mr. Hay-

ward, Mr. Fox, Mr. Torke, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Gage, Admiral A fat hews, Mr. Grenville, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Carew, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brtret on-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland,

morland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Yarmouth Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen,

Harbour. Burge lies, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled (which Petition was presented to the House upon the 4th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Confide-ration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Walpole, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Owen, Sir Henry Liddell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Lealhes, Mr. Mujfenden, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Stanwix, Colonel Moflyn, Lord Galway, Mr. Legge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Bockland, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. West, Mr. Hales, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Herbert, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Ruftt, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Legh, Mr. Craven, Mr. Foley, Sir James > Sir

Daniel Lambert, Mr. Gray, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Lechmere, Mr. Archer, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Arfcott, Admiral Anson, Mr. Armdell, Lord Barrington, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Boone, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Cary, Mr. B/udworth, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Carew, Mr. Montagu, General Campbell, Mr. Mr. Charles Montagu,

Mr. Ofbaldefton, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Brand, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Browne,

18

Mr. Bowles, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir John Chapman, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Noel, Mr. Monson, Sir John Philipps, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Colonel Townshend, Lord Perceval, Mr. White, Admiral Townshend, Colonel Fitz-roy, Mr. V ere, Mr. Coplefton, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Craufurd, Lord Fortrofe, Mr. Laroche,

Sir Hump. Howorth, Lord Duncannon, Mr. Lambton Colonel Elliott, Mr. Earle, Mr. Penton, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Thomas Archer, Mr. Phillipson, Colonel Churchill, Mr.

Revet I, Lord Coke, Mr. Humfrey, Lord Charles Hay, Mr.

Hanbury, Mr. Fox, Mr. Hay, Dr. Coles, Mr. George Fox, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. Frederick, Sir Francis Dashwood,

Mr. Gibbon, Mr. Fane, Captain Evans, Mr.

Mr. Bapt. Leveson Gower, Sir Richard Lloyde, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr. Mr. Maule;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Lincoln, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Petition of the thereunder-written, on behalf of themselves, and other the Gentlemen, Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of Eastand West Fiegg, Happing, Tunstead,

North and South Erpringham, Taverham, Blofteld, and Walfham, in the County of Norfolk (which Petition was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich, in Common-Council assembled (which Petition was presented to the House upon Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House

Ordered, That the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk which Petition was presented to the House on Friday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for Army; the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; Mutiny and was read a Second time. Delation.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Carriage consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty ®ut"s &c* several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties; be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

The

20 Geo. II. 2* — 30

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Wat* Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* «nd Meant, night, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply* Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

D;Unbutton Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

of Prises, whole House, to whom the Bill for reserving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his‘ Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 3# Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

Mercer's A ®*TITIO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Com^wiy. -fA. and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Huntmgdom, was presented to the House. and read > letting forth, That, in the Year 161 j, one Richard did, by his Will,

give to the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mercers Company, in London, the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, in Trull, that they should therewith purchase Lands of the yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, and bellow the same yearly forever to some good and charitable Uses within the said Borough: That in the Year 1629, the Mercers Company in veiled that Sum of Two thousand Pounds, with other Monies, in the Purchase of the Manor of Chnr/grave, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Bedford; and, by proper Entries in the Company's Books, declared the Trull of the said Estates, so purchased, to be for securing, in the first place, the Payment of One hundred Pounds per Annum to the Town of Huntingdon, for the Purposes aforesaid: That the said Company have duly paid the same from that time to MidJ'ummer 1745, but since that time have refused Payment thereof; and that, by Agreement between the Company and the said Town of Threescore

Pounds, Part thereof, have been annually applied for the Maintenance of a Leflurer there; and the other Forty Pounds for putting out poor Children Apprentices: That the Petitioners, seeing, by the printed Votes of the House, that the Creditors of the said Company are leek-ing Redress for their several Demands, think it their Duty to lay their same before the House: And expressing their Hope, that no Claims of the Annuitants, or of the Bond or Judgment Creditors of the said Mercers Company. shall affect the Petitioners Security; but that the Trull upon the said Estate at Charlgrave aforesaid may be established, and the futue Payments of the said Annuity thereby secured to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Vicar, Ledlurer, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of Wakefield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Elizabeth Viscountess by her

Will, bearing Date the 14th Day of January 1642, and proved in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury the 7th Voi. 25.

Martii. 3 05

Day of August following, gave and bequeathed, amongst other Things, to the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, the Sum of Three thousand and One hundred Pounds, therewith to purchase the Inheritance of Two Church Livings, Par-fonages, or Redories, then commonly called Appropriations, or Impropriations, of One hundred Pounds a Year, or more, to either of them, if the said Sum of Three thousand and One hundred Pounds would reach unto it, within the Counties of York, Lincoln, or Bishoprick of Durham, the same to be by them conferred, bellowed, and conveyed, upon Two such preaching Minrfters, and with such Cautions and Provisions, as in the said Will is mentioned: That the said Wardens and Commonalty of Mercers received the said Legacy of Three thousand and One hundred Pounds; and, in or about the Year 1645, fixed Two Lecture?, under the Name of Lady Cambden s Lectures, at Wakefield aforesaid, and Gra in the County of Lincoln; and paid the Sum of Eighty Pounds yearly,

from the first Institution of the said Lectures, till about the Year 1666, and afterwards the Sum of Seventy-five Pounds yearly, to the respective Preachers of the said Ledlurcs, who have been from time to time, by the said Wardens and Commonalty of Mercers, chosen, nominated, and appointed thereto: That the said Wardens and Commonalty of Mercers did, in August 1741. chuse, nominate, and appoint, the Petitioner John Scott, Clerk, Mailer of Arts, to be Ledlurer at Wakefield aforesaid; who, upon such Election, Nomination, and Appointment, was licensed thereto, and received the said Stipend or Salary of Seventy-five Pounds per Annum till 1745:

That the said Wardens and Commonalty of Mercers, from that time hitherto, have refilled to make any further Payment of the said Stipend to John Scott the said Ledlurer, on Pretence that the whole Legacy of Three thousand and One hundred Pounds, not having been laid out in any Purchase, was exhausted and funk; whereby the Petitioners are in Danger of being deprived of the Benefit of the said Legacy of Three thousand and One hundred Pounds, and of the Lecture therewith established: And praying the House to take their same into Confederation, and give them such Assistance and Relief in the Premises as shall seem proper and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief in the Relief of such of his Majesty's Subjects in that Part j,

of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title Deeds and destroyed by Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in Scotch'Rebel*, the late Rebellion: And that Mr. and the Lord Dupp/in do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for the better adjusting and more easy Servants Recovery of Servants Wages; and for the better Regula- *'&c* tion of Servants; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 20, 21, 22, 23. To leave out " and between " Mailers and Mistresses, and other Servants, though " hired for any Time less than One Year, concerning the " Non-payment of Wages:

L. 27. Before " and, " to insert " Glaffmen,

" Potters:"

L. 37. After " Pitman," to insert " GlalF- man, Potter:"

Pr. 2. L. 3. After " Pitman," to insert " Glaff*

" man, Potter:"

L. 10. After " Handicraftsman," to insert " Miner, Collier, Keclman, Pitman, Glaflrnan, Potter:"

4 I L. 20.

' ' i

Lord

Lovat's

Impeachment.

30 5 30 Mar hi. A- 1746

L. 20. After " Pitman," to insert " Glaflf-man, Potter:"

L. 30. After " Handicraftfinan," to insert " Miner, Collier, Kcelman, Pitman, Glassman, Potter:" Pr. 3. L. 2. After " Handicraftfinan," to insert Miner, Collier, Kcelman, Pitman. Glassman, Potter:" L. 9. After " Pitman*" to insert " GlafTman. Potter:"

L. 16. After " Pitman," to insert " GlafTman. Potter:"

L. 26. After " Pitman," to insert " GlafTman. Potter:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Tab'e accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, who were appointed to view the Court erected in Westminster-hall, and to report to the House what Conveniencies and Accommodations are made for the Members of this House, when the House shall be present, as a Committee of the whole House, at the Tryal of Simon Lord impeached of High Treason, That the Committee had viewed the same accordingly; and that, the Committee expressing a Dislike of some Things there, several Alterations have been since made; and that the Committee now find Accommodations for above Four hundred Persons, beftdes the Managers; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the Managers, appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Simon Lord , do first go out of the House to the Places appointed for them in Westminster-hall, before the other Members do go out of the House.

Ordered, That, after Mr. Speaker shall have left the Chair, the Members, for their more regular proceeding, be called overby the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of the House, till the County, for which he serves, be called.

Ordered, That no Persons, but Members of this House, do presume to fit in the Places appointed for the Members in Westminster-kall.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody all such Persons as shall be in the Places prepared for this House in hall, before the Members do go into their Places; and also all such Persons as shall attempt to come into the said Places while the Members of the House are fitting the re.

Ordered, That, for the more convenient Passage of the Members of this House, the Passages to and from their Places in Westminster~hall be kept clear; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care accordingly; and that the Constables of Westminster do attend to assist him therein.

Ordered, That these Orders shall be observed every Day that the House shall go, as a Committee of the whole House, to the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, in Westminster-hall.

An Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of February in the Year 1709, upon Occasion of the Impeachment and Tryal of Dr. was read, in the following Words; viz.

" And whereas, by the Order of the House, Mr. " Speaker was to have gone first, and the Clerk to call " the Counties afterwards, it was moved, and unanimously " agreed by the House, That, for the more regular Proceedings of the Members, Mr. Speaker be desired to " stay after he had left the Chair till the last, and to fee " all the Members to proceed as the Counties were " called; And thereupon Mr. Speaker did (after he had

" left the Chair) go down into One of the short Seats at the lower End of the House, adjoining to the Bar, or " into the Passage below the Seats, as he thought was " convenient for him; and did stand there, to lee the " Members go, by their Counties, as the Clerk at the " Table called them over by the Return Book; and,

" after all the Members were gone, Mr. Speaker followed

them to his Place, which had been prepared, and was " reserved for him, in the Middle of the Front Seat,

" next to the Lords Court:

" And afterwards the Clerk and Clerk Assistant went " and fat behind the Managers, in One of the Seats which had been prepared and set apart for the Ma*

nagers, to be at hand, if any thing were wanting, or " should be required of them by the Managers.

" Note, That the Places provided for the Members of " the House of Commons was on the Right Hand " of the Throne.

" And the Managers who were of the Long Robe were " without their Gowns."

And Directions were given by the House, That this Precedent|should be observed upon Occasionof the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat.

Mr. Brookjlank reported from the Committee, to whom Support of

the Petition of the Matters of Ships, and other Officers and Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the other Seamen in the said Service, was referred,

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Fetition; and had directedhim to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations contained in the said Petition,

Part of an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, was read; which, after reciting, that his then Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, in order to encourage the Subjects of this Kingdom to continue in, and betake themselves to, the Service of the Royal Navy, did, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing date the 25th Day of October then last past, found and endow a Hospital at Greenwich, for the Relief of disabled Seamen, their Widows and Children, enacts. That all able Mariners, Seamen, Watermen, Fishermen, Lightermen, Bargemen,

Keelmen, or Seafaring-men, being the King's Subjects, and above the AgeofEighteen Years, and under the Age of Fifty, who shall voluntarily register themselves to serve on board the Fleet in the Manner directed oy the said Act; and who by Age, Wounds, or other Accidents, shall be disabled for future Service at Sea; shall be admitted into, and provided for in, the said Hospital, during their Lives; and that the Children of such disabled Seamen, and also the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed or drowned in the Sea Service, shall like-wife be received into the said Hospital, and there be provided for; all which is to be done so far forth as the said Hospital shall be capable to receive them, and the Revenues thereof will extend: And it is also further Enacted, That every Seamen in the Service of the Crown, or belonging to any Merchant Ship or Vessel, shall allow*

Six Pence per Menfem out of his Wages, for the better Support of the said Hospital, and to augment the Revenues thereof for the Purposes aforesaid.

Part of another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Dutiesgranted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty's Harbour Moorings; wasalf) read; which, after alleging.

That no Seamen had been admitted into the said Hospital, but only such as hadfervedin the Royal Navy, n >twith-

standing

20 Geo. ll. 3 ° Martii.307

{landing great Sums had been constantly paid towards the Support of the said Hospital, from the Wages of Seamen employed in the Merchants Service, enacts, That any Seaman, who shall ofler himlelfto he admitted into the said Hospital, and shall produce an authenrick Certificate of his having been wounded, maimed, or hurt, in defending any Ship, belonging to the Subjects of this Kingdom, against the Enemies of the Queen, her Heirs or Successors, or in taking any Ship from the Enemy, and being thereby disabled for Sea Service, shall be considered as fully qualified for an Admission into the said Hospital.

Part of another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppressing of Piracy, was also read; which, (or a further Encouragement to Seamen to light, and defend their Ships against Pirates, enacts, That every Seaman or Manner on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, who shall lac maimed in Fight against any Pirate, shall, upon due Proof thereof, not only receive the Rewards appointed by a Statute made in the 22d and 23d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the delivering up of Merchant Ships, and for the Increase of good and serviceable Seamen, but shall also be admitted into, and provided for in, Greenwich Hospital, preferable to any other Seaman or Manner who is diiabied from Service, or getting a Livelihood merely by his Age.

Part of another Act, made in the 8th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of and Charles Radcliffe, was also read; which, after taking

Notice, that the Encouragement given by the said Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, extends only to such Seamen or Mariners on

board any Merchant Ship or Vessel as shall be maimed in Fight against any Pirate, enacts, That every Seaman or Mariner, on board any Merchant Ship or Vessel belonging to the Subjects of this Kingdom, who shall be maimed in Fight against any Enemy whatsoever of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall be admitted into, and provided for in, the said Hospital, in like manner as any other Seaman or Mariner wounded or disabled in the Service of the Crown; but no Provision at all is made for such Seamen in the Merchants Service as shall be maimed or disabled by accidental Misfortunes, or worn out by Age, or other Infirmities.

Then, in order to prove that the said Hospital is not capable to receive all the Seamen who are disabled and worn out in the Service of the Royal Navy,

Ralph Her: :rtand Thomas being l'everally examined, laic!, T r.at they had served many Years on board the Fleet, and were now rendered incapable of further Service; and that they had applied for their Admission into Greenwich Hospital, and had been some time minuted for that Puii>olc, but that they are not yet admitted, becaulc there is not Room in the Hospital.

In order also to shew, that the Revenue of the said Hospital is not sufficient for the Purposes intended thereby, a State of the yearly Revenue and Expence of the said Hospital, dated the 19th of February 1744, and contained in the Journal of the House of the 20th of February 1744, was read; whereby it appeared, that the Revenue of the said Hospital is £.3,323. 131. 8 let's than the annual Expence of maintaining 1,000 Seamen, with the Officers, Servants, and Nurles, upon the present Establishment, and the ordinary Repairs in and about the said Hospital.

John Griffin, being examined, said. That he knows most

of the Persons whole Names are subscribed to the Petition, many of whom have likewise subscribed considerable Sums for the Purposes therein mentioned 5 and that he (the Witness) believes it is the general Desire of the Seamen in the Merchants Service, that a Deduction of Six Pence per Month should be made out of their Pay for the Relief of such as are disabled, and of the Widows and Vbt. 25.

Children of such as shall happen to be killed or drowned in the said Service.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cojnmittee, That the allowing of Six Pence per Month out of the Wages of every Seaman in the Merchants Service, to be applied for the Relief and Support of such Seamen as are rendered incapable of Service by Sickness, or by Wounds or accidental Misfortunes, either in defending, fighting, or working, the respective Ships to which they belong; and for the Relief and Support of l'uch of them as shall be worn out by Age, and of the Widows and Children of those who shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the said Service; will not only be a great Encouragement to such Seamen, but be a publick Utility.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Or Joed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolution agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Hume, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. Hoblyn, and

Captain Bofcawcn, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in ihe County of Durham, through Darlington, to Barnard Cafi/e, in the same County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Torke, Lord Chetwynd, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Leathes, Mr. Hay, Colonel Elliott, Lord Perceval, Mr. Harris, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. White, Mr.

Mr. Legge, Sir John Philipps, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Cujf, Lord Dupplin, Lord Luxborough, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Legh, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Bristow, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, Cumberland, , and

North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for railing & certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties; was committed: the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be recommitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdta.br the T} J*.

t1 11 r . 1 x' V Sir Thomas Whitmore, 7

Tellers for the Nocs,| Laroche: J 'Si-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the First Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House being informed. That there was a Meflkge from the Lords;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till after the said Message from thp Lords is received.

A Message

Support of disabled Seamen, See.

Stockton, kc. Road*

Supply Bill Carriage Duties, dec*

Message from the fiords.

o8 3° Martii 1746.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr: Burroughs and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

LoH T.nvat's The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, Impeachment. That, upon the Petition of Simon Lord Lovat, for the Reasons therein contained, their Lordships have enlarged the Time appointed for his Tryal, upon the Impeachment of HighTrcafon exhibited against him by thefloufe of Commons, till Monday next at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and that the Lords will be ready to go down into Westminster-hall at the Time above-mentioned,

in order to the Tryal of the said Lord Lovat: And also. Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Malt Duty, for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called , and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt^ Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum of Money, therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747; without any Amendment: And also,

fehe field The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act koadx. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for re-

pairing the Hoads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Sheffield to Ha, in the County of Essex; and the Road leading from , in the said County,

to Sudbury, in the county of ; and from Mar-

gretting to Malden, in the County of Essex; and from Colchester to Langham, in the same County: and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads; without any Amendment: And also,

Warrington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Reads, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the County of and also for amend-

ing and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Earl's Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in Wallgatein Wigan aforesaid: without any Amendment: And also,

Parkrns't The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Marriage this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Settlement. Thomas Parkyns Baronet, and Jane Parkyns, with the Content of their Guardians and Trustees, to make a Conveyance, by way of Settlement, on their Intermarriage, notwithstanding their Minority: And also,

Kynaston's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. Sale Qf the Rectory of St. , without Aldgate,

London, the Estate of Thomas , Clerk, comprised

in his Marriage Settlement; and for purchasing another Estate, to be. settled to the Uses of the said Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resumed the further Carriage Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the uue*' whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for raising a certain Sum of Money therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties; was committed.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

( A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, providing, That the Representative of a Person deceased, who shall have made an Entry and Payment for a Coach, or other Carriage, shall make use of such Coach or Carriage for the Residue of the Year:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be xjiade Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That a Person having made Payment of the Duty, although notftriftly within the limited Time, shall be discharged from all Prosecution for any Offence against this Act:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, being amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The several Orders of the Day for the Attendance of Privilege. W. Lever land, William Hale, and Stephen Hale, being read;

And W. Leverland not attending, according to Order, the Messenger, to whom the said Order was delivered, being called upon to give an Account of the Service thereof, acquainted the House, That, not knowing the Place of the said W. Lever land's Abode, he inquired for him at the House of Mrs. Genew, in Bell-Savage , Ludgate-hill (to which Place the said W. Leverland, in the Letter complained of to this House, had desired Mr. William Hale to direct an Answer) and that Mrs. Genew laying that lire knew the said W. Leverland, but denying that Ihe knew the Place of his Abode, he (the Messenger) had left a Copy of the said Order with the said Mrs. , in the Presence of her Servant, and one Mr. Jordan, to be delivered to the said W. Leverland, if he should come to her House; and that he (the Messenger) had again seen Mrs. Genew this Day, who then told him, that Ihe had not seen the said W. Leverland since Ihe had received the Copy of the said Order.

And the House being informed, That the said Mr.

Jordan attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he knew the said W. Leverland, and has employed him, but does not know where he at present lodges, and that he was present when Mrs. Genew received a Copy of the said Order; and that, as he believes, Ihe has seen the said W. Leverland since that time; and that he (the Witness) has also seen him since that time, and has converted with him upon the Subject of the said Order, and that the said W. Leverland said he would attend this House, according to their Order.

And then he withdrew.

He was again called in; and, being examined, acquainted the House, That he gave Notice to the said W. Leverland of the said Order, and saw the Copy thereof in his Hand; and that the Christian Name of the said Leverland is William.

And then he again withdrew

Ordered, That the said William Leverland, having been ordered to attend this House upon this Day, and not having attended, although he bad Notice of the said Order, be. for his said Contempt, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said William Hale do attend this House upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Stephen Hale do attend thip House upon Friday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the DistnW#* whole House, to whom the Bill for reserving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships, during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking of Ships of War from the Enemy, was committed, be received upon Thursdoy Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1

Smith's

Name.

Wear River, and Sunderland Port.

Ditto.

Kyna (Ion's filiate.

ao Geo. II. 48 Martii.

Mercurii, 40 die Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii II" Regis, 1746.

in his Marriage Settlement: and for purchasing ahothef Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement; Was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

TV /Til. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, td IVJ. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, instituted, An Act to enable LII Smith, and his Heirs by Valentina his Wife (formerly Valentina Ynscombe) to take and ufethe Surname of Aynfcombepurfuant to the Will of Thomas Aynjcombe Esquire, deceased, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commitree had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road leading t>udianr;

through and from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Tyne Bridge, in the same County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of to Tyne

Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

A Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River tVear, and Port and Haven of in

the County of Durham, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Tempest, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Ge-nc.al OJethorpe, Mr. Frederick, Colonel Townshend, Mr.

Felloives, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Elliott, Mr. Hay, Sir IVm. Irby, Mr. Gybbott, Major Sir Henry

Liddell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Berkeley, Lord Ga»e, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Gage, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Lascelles, Major-General and all

the Members who serve for the Count es of,

York, Northumberland, CumberlWestmorland, and

North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of ti.e Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Scot presented to the House. according to Order, Relief in a Bill for Relief of suchof uis Majesty's Subjects, in !' :t Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Tine Deeds defrroyed by and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels Scotch in the late Rebellion: And the same was received. . Rebels;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, that his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Bill, gives his Content, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Plate-Glals at Duty 0 Vauxhall, in behalf of themselves, and others, Manu- Pkte-Glals.

A Petition of James Lumley Esquire* wa« presented to the House, and lead; fe:ting forth. That a Bill is now depending in this House foi the better Preservation and Improvement of the River IVear, and Port anJ Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, by which Bill the Commissioners (to be therein named) are impowered to make the said River navigable to That the

Petitioner apprehends it will be for the Benefit of the Publick to have the said River made navigable to Newbridge, and Two hundred Yards above the same (which Bridge is about 1,800 Yards above Blacksford) because other Coal-qwnerswili thereby have an Opportunityof bringing their Coals to the said River, which will tend very much to lessen the Price of Coals at London Market: That the Petitioner also apprehends, that the Expence of making the Taid River navigable, from Blacksford to Newbridge, will r ot exceed Four hundred Pounds; and that the Petitioner is desirous to be enabled to make the said River navigable under Newbridge, and Two hundred Yards above the fame, at his own Expence: And therefore praying, That a Clause may be added to the said Bill, to oblige the Commissioners, to be thereby named, to make the said River navigable to Newbridge aforesaid, within a certain Time to be therein limited; or that, in Default thereof, their Power may be transferred to new Commissioners, to be named in the said Bill for that Purpose; and that the Duties by the said Bill laid on all Coals and Cinders, and all Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposeJ, may from thenceforth be paid to such new Commissioners, to be by them applied in making the said River navigable to Newbridge; and that another Clause may be added so the said Bill to impower the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns, at his and their own proper Cost and Charges, to make the said River navigable under and

Two hundred Yards above the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Rectory of St. Buttolph, without,

London, the Estate of Thomas Kynaston, Clerk, comprised

Vol. 25.

fadurers and Dealers in Plate-Glass, being offered to be presented to the House; alleging. That Three Parts in Four of the said Manufacture are exported to foreign Markets; and that the Duty laid on it last Session of Parliament has greatly enhanced the Price, and lessened the Demand of it; and complaining of the Inconvenience arising therefrom to the Petitioners, and to the Publick: And praying Relief.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put/ That the said Petition be brought up;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, j] 88.

Tellers for the },o4-

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refoived itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee/ That they had gone through the Bill, and made leVeral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-morroW-Morning, Nine of the Clock.

4K

Foreign

Protestants

Nat.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

310

At.

A. 174<5i

Norwich

Shire-hail*

jovis, 5" di Mart it;

Anno 20® Georgii IIdl Regis, 1746.

I^RA Y ERS( /

MR. Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to.

whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace of the County of Norfolk, assembled at their General

Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of Loft' don, are concerned, and that the same have been referred to a Committee of this House: That the Petitioners, the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London, under their present unhappy Circum-? fiances, are desirous to give their respective Creditors all the Aid, and do them all the Justice, in their Power; and, in order thereto, are advised it is proper for them to lay

Quarter-Sessions of the Peace held the 17th Day of Janu- before the said Committee the following Particulars: That ary 1746, was referred. That the Committee had exa- the Petitioners lent to his Majesty King Charles the First; mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed antj to Parliament and City of , in the trouble-

several Sums, amounting to upwards; That by the great Expence of rebuilding the after thefamc

lame was read; and is as lolloweth; viz. _ _ was destroyed by the Fire of London, Sir Thomas Gresham s

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Charities and Endowments are become indebted to the

The Committee examined Nlx.Philip Cafe: Who said, Petitioners, the Wardens and Commonaltyof the Mystery That the Shire-house on the Castle Hill, in the said Gf Mercers, of the City of London, in the Sum of One County, where the Summer Aflizesand Quarter-Sessions hundred thousand Pounds, and upwards; which several bt the Peace have always been held, was, in the Month Fasts the said Petitioners conceive incumbent upon them

of September last, burnt down: to prove, and that they are able to do the same in a few

That a new Shire-house ought to be erected as soon as .(-Jours from their Books, now before the Committee: possible, and such an Edifice is proposed to be.undertaken And therefore praying, That they tyiay be heard, before immediately: but that it will be impracticable to finish the said Committee, touching the Matters aforesaid, and the same Time enough to be made use of for the holding the next Summer Assizes there, and, in the mean time, forae other Place must of Necessity be appointed for that Purpose:

That no Place is so convenient for holding the Assizes

that they nuy have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall

and Quarter-Sessions as the City of Norwich, which lies appear to them, to the House: And that rhefe Petitioners in the Centre of the said County; but as the said City is be heard before the said Committee, if they think fit. . a County of itself, the Assizes and Sessions'for the County of Norfolkcannot be held in the-City of Norwich with- Sir Cordd reported from the Committee, to

out the Aid of an Act of Parliament. whom the Bill for opening, cleansing, repairing, and im-

And the Witnefcinformed the Committee, That Doubts provin& the Haven of in the County of

had arisen on the Conftraction of an Act, Puffed in t e folk, was committed. That the Committee had examined Twe/th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, inti- the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be tituled, An Act for the moreeafy assessing, colkfting, and true. anJ that the Committee had gone through the Bill, levying, of County Rates, whether the Petitioners are ancj made several Amendments thereunto; which they impowered to raise Money on the said County, to defray had directed him toreport to the House; and he read the the F.vrience ofrrhmlrW the find Shire-house. Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,

SouthtroaU

Harbour.

the Expence of Rebuilding the said Shire-house.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for holding the Summer Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be built for the said County of Norfolk; and for building a new Shire-house on the Castle Hill* in the same County; and for railing Money on the said County for that Purpose: And that Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Bacon, and the Lord Coke, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fe-vcrally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Lillie Smith, and his Heirs by Valentina his Wife, (formerly Valentina Ynscombe) to take and use the Surname of Ynscombe, pursuant to the Will of Thomas

combe Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed

Wvmond- Mr. Wodehouse presented to the House, according to ham Roads. Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the

Highways between Wymondham and Attlebor, and

from Wymondham to Hetherset, and from the Mouth of

Wigmore-lane to Hall Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the to the fame" wthout any Amendment County of Norfolk; and for amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and for making the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time. j

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Smith"*

Name.

Sunderland An ingossed Bill for repairing the High Road from Ro.\d. Sunderland near the Sea to the City of in the County of Durhamiwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. '

Mercers A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Company. Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That several Petitions have been presented to the House, containing Allegation; in which the Petitioners, the Wardens and

An ingossed Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages; and for raising a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lie. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages therein mentioned; and for raising the Sum of One Million, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

APetition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants, of the City and County of Norwich, was presented to the House, and read; reciting a Petition presented to this House from the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Great Tarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; and representing to the

House*

Supply Bill;

Carriage Duties, Sec.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

so Geo. It. 50 — 6° \ i t

House, That more than Twenty thousand Pounds was raiied, by an Act made in the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, fer the Use of the said Haveri and Piers, and was at the absolute Disposal of the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Great Yarmouth, subject to an Inspection of their Accounts only*. That, notwithstanding the Petitioners have paid a large Share thereof, they have not received the Benefit that might have been expected therefrom; but have laboured, and do (till labour, under many and great Difficulties and fuss-r great Damages, by reason that One of the said Piers is in so bad a Condition as to let the Haven Ebb pass through it, instead of being by it forced out Kail to Sea; and the other so extended, as to keep the Flood from having a proper Direction into the said Haven; which frequently occasions such a Bar at the Entrance into the said Haven, as obstructs the Pillage of Ships out of, and into, the fume, for many Weeks together; during which time it has happened that Ships laden with the Manufactures of the said City, to the Amount of not less than Fifty or Sixty thousand Pounds, and with great Quantities of Com, to be exported into foreign Parts, and ailo Ships laden with Corn for other Ports of this Kingdom, have been there detained; and the Goods and Corn have received much Damage, and been prevented arriving in Time at their intended Markets, to the great Disappuintment and Loss of the Petitioners: That, for want of Water to carry out of the said Haven even those ftnall Ships which the Petitioners are obliged to venture so much P rope tty in when fully laden, such Ships have been obliged to go out with Part of their Lading only, and the Remainder thereof to be lent to them in l'mall Boats, and to b. hoisted thereout into such Ships, to the great Hazard of falling into the Sea, and thereby of receiving much Damage, or being intirely loft: That, during the present War, Ships appointed for Convoy have waited a longtime in Yarmouth Road fora Fleet of Ships so detained in the said Harbour, and have at last been obliged to depart without them; and that such Fleets of Ships have been detained not only until there was a sufficient Dcptn of Water, but until another Convoy could be obtained; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Money to be raised for the future upon Goods imported into the said Haven, for the Use of the said Haven and Piers, was to be at the Direction of Commissioners tobe chosen out of the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and City of Norwich, which are so greatly interested therein, as well as out of the Burgh of Great

mouth, such Commissioners, Actuated by Views for the publick Good, might so apply the said Money, as to restore the said Haven to as good a Condition as formerly, when Ships of much greater Burthen than can now come into the said Haven, were constantly made use of for the Trade thereof: And therefore praying, if Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Great Yarmouth, that Monies to be raised for the Use of the said Haven and Piers, by a Duty upon Coals, or other Goods, which may act'eft the Petitioners, may not be at the absolute and uncontroulable Direction of them the said Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty only.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled, is referred: And that they do examine the Mutter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Army; Mr. Secretary' at War,'according to Order, reported. Mutiny and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the fiefeition. g.jj for punishing Mutiny and Dciertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Voi. 25.

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once re d throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Limerick, according to Order, reported, from Distribiitidri the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill of Pniej. for reserving a certain Portion of the Captures which shall be made by his Majesty's Ships during the Continuance of the present War, in order to encourage and reward the Taking cf Ships of War, from the Enemy, was corn-committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

It paired in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 6° die M

Anno ao° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

MR. Horatio Walpole senior reported from the Com- Earl of.

mittee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Leicester'u intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of Thomas Earl Efc»,es* of Leicester, and Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Lord Coke, his only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marriage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the Lady Mary Campbell, One of the Daughters of John late Duke of Argyll, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Lejlie presented to the House, according to Or- Dundee der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by improvement. Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the common Streets of the said Town; and for Supplying the said Town with good Water; and for converting an Hospital in the said 1'own into a Workhouse for employing the Poor there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Wodehouse presented to the House, accord'ng to Norwich Order, a Billforholding the Summer Aflizcsand Soflions Shir:-h«ll. of the Peace for the County of Norfo>k, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be bcilt for the said County of Norfolk-, and for building a new Shire-house on ihzCaJlle Hill, in the said County; and for railing Money on the said County for that Purpose:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Commonalty, and Wear River trading Inhabitants, of the City of Durham, and of many and Sunder-Gentlemen interested in the Navigation of the River Wear, knd *>orfe was presented tothe House, and read; setting forth, That the

Petitioners

Sontharaptofe

Water-works,

3 iv

6° Martii 1746'.

Petitioners are informed a Bill is depending in the House for the Improvement of the Navigation of the River Wear-, in which is contained (or proposed to be inserted) a Clause, granting Powers to Commissioners, to be named in a future Bill, for making the River navigable

from a Place called Blacksford, or from Newbridge upwards, to the City of Durham, or so far as can be effected: That the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the Words " or so far as can be effected" are unreasonable, unnecessary, and dangerous: That, in the former Adb of Parliament relating to the River Wear, it was always presumed and declared, that the Improvement of the Navigation of the River above Newbridge might and should extend absolutely up to the City of Durham: That in the Year 1730 the River was surveyed, from Durham to Sunderland, by Men of great Skill and Experience,

who judged that the River might be made navigable from Newbridge to the City of Durham, by the Expence of a Sum for which the Duties of Tonage, proposed to be laid on Coals, and other Commodities, conveyed upon that Part of the lliver, would raise an Interest sufficiently high to encourage Undertakers: That the Petitioners doubt not the speedy Success of such an Undertaking, whenever proper Powers thall -be granted by Parliament: That thereby the Trade of the said City would be increased, because the Expence of the Carriage of Goods would be diminished, and because the said City is conveniently situated for an extensive and profitable Commerce: That whenever such Design shall beeffedted, the Price of Coals will be much reduced in London, and other Parts of the Kingdom, because many very large Mines of Coal, which are now unopened on account of the Difficulty of procuring an Expence of maintaining Way-leave to the Part of the River at present navigable, might then be wrought, and the Coals exported probably at a much lower Rate than from any of the present working Collieries: That the Petitioners are earneftlydefirous the said Words shall not be inserted, because they seem to admit aPrefumption that the Design of extending the Navigation of the River up to Durham is impracticable, and will be pleaded in Opposition to any future Application to Parliament fora Bill granting Powers for the Execution of that useful Design , at a time perhaps when the Persons who surveyed the River, and who are now ready and willing to confirm the Truth of their Allegations by their Testimony, may not be living; and when, perhaps, from some fatal Causes, the true Interest of Trade, and of this City, may not be properly represented and afierted, against Adversaries so rich and so powerful: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, That the said Words " or so far as can beeffedted" will be omitted from the Clause.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, is committed.

A Bill for repairing and maintaining the publick Conduits, and other Water-works, belonging to the Town

of Southampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Carew, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Jolliffe, Lord Carpenter, Mr. Crowle, Admiral Fernon, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. West, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hill, Mr. Kent, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Craven, Mr. OJbaldeston, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Winford, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Steele, Mr. Thomas

Gore, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Perceval, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr. Bowes, Mr.

Symons, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Cope, Sir John CroJJe, Mr. Lechmere, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. , Mr. Ro-

bert Williams, Mr. Bayntun Bolt, Mr. Mellish, Sir Mor daunt. Sir Thomas Whitmore, Sir Henry Mar shall, Mr. Neale, Mr. Pollen, Mr. War burton. Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Wh'tchcot, Mr. Wynn, Mr. White, Mr. Walter, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Rowney, Colonel Borland, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Cust, Mr. Norborue Berkeleyand

all the Members who serve for the Counties of

ton and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afcernoon at

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Burrell presented to the House, according to Or- Greenwich der, a Bill for better securing the Payment of such Shares H.ipiui. of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich-, and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men in all Pnzes taken from the Enemy; and for preventing Pensioners, and others, from embezzling the Goods and Stores of the said Hospital: And the same was received; and read the Full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, CireoceP.tr in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Balhurst,

Mr. Cornewall, Lord Gage, Mr. Gage, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Baltimore, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Grenville, Sir John Cust, Mr. Sydenham, Colonel Elliott, Sir John Gordon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Courtenay, Mr. , Mr. Douglas, Mr. Bejt, Sir John Chapman, Sir Charles -daunt, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Carew, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Walker, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Martin, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Boone, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. , Mr.

Foley, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Miles Sir

ger Neivdigate, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mellish,

Mr. Fere, Mr. Brookfbank; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, Worcester, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earfof for settling the E(bites of Thomas Earl of and Leicester's:

Edward Coke Esquire, commonly called Ix)rd Coke, his Eltatei. only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marriage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the Lady Mary Campbell, One of the Daughters of John late Duke of Argyll, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Defer- Army; tion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Mutiny mi Quarters: was read the Third time. Defection.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and j

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry Earl of St am- Stamford's 1 ford, in order to discharge several Incumbrances affecting Estate. the fame: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Newcastle for repairing the High Road leading from the North End uP^TvD‘ of the Cow Cawfey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of Btlford, and from thence to BuSon-burn, in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities Distillers of London, Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Licences. Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, exercising the Distilling Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Benefits of the Englift: !)if-

tillery.

ao Geo. II. 6° Martiu 313

tillery, in the Improvement of the Growth of our own

Country, to ltipply the Place of foreign Commodities, were so visible, as to gain great Countenance from the Legifliture, as appears by the several Acts of the ad of King William and Queen Mary , and that of the 12th of Queen Anne, whereby great Encouragement was given to the Propagation of this Branch of Trade, as it raised a very cmsiderable Revenue, not before thought of, to the Government; and that as this induced many Persons of great Substance and Reputation to embark in this Trade, lo it also gave Opportunity to many mean and worthless Persons to exereik the same in obscure Places in a retail Way, which gave Encouragement to excessive Drinking, and great Diiordcrsand Inconveniencies anting from thence; for the Prevention whereof an Act passed in the qth Year of his present Majesty, prohibiting all Persons from selling spirituous Liquors in less Quantity than Two Gallons, under very severe Penalties: That the Legifia-ture, sensible of the Impoflibihty of retraining the Use of spirituous Liquors to Persons only who could purchase Two Gallons at once, and for the Good of the Revenue, did, by an Act passed in the 16th Year of his present Majesty, grant a Liberty for retailing all Sorts of spirituous Liquors to such Persons as kept Taverns, Victualing-houses. Inns, Coffee-houses, and Ale-houses, on paying Twenty-Shillings per Annum for every Licence; and, in the same Act, laid a double Duty on all British diddled Spirits; but die Petitioners were thereby totally excluded the Benefit of-retailing: That the Petitioners apprehend the Redrift ion laid upon them only (when so many different Sets of Traders were permitted by Law to retail the smalled Quantities) did not in the lead answer the good Intention of the Legislature in redraining the exorbitant Use of Ipiiituous Liquors; and that if the Petitioners were admitted to retail, in common with those now authorized by b v so to do, it would be a Means of suppressing the Iniquities practised in unlicenled Places; for then thol'e who now retort thither would purchase in a reputable Manner of the Petitioners, who, living in open Streets, could not suffer any Enormities to becotn-niitied in their Shops, without the Observation of the Civil Magistrate; and that the Petitioners hope they shall be the rather deemed worthy of the Favour and Countenance of the Legislature, as they at all Events are obliged to pay the large Duties on spirituous Liquors Monthly, though they are forced to give long Crctlir, and at a small Profit, to the present lawfully authorized Retailers, and are frequently great Sufferers by such of them as come to Misfortunes in Trade; by which means the Profits arising by the wholesale Trade are become insufficient foe the Support of the Petitioners, and their Families: And further representing to the House, That the Petitioners labour under inexpressible Hardlbips, and pay large Sums i f Money, arising from t he Informations daily commenced against them, and prosecuted by a Sort of the most abandoned Part of human Race, who, having no other visible Method of Subliilence, make a Livelihood by this Trade of informing, without any Regard to Truth, or Distinction between the Guilty and the Guiltless; and against which it is a1 most impossible to make any Defence, be the Party accused ever so innocent; as ihefe Informations, though laid wit hin a Month alter the Offence supposed to be committed, are so numerous, that they frequently do not come in course to be heard before the Commissioners of Excise till Four, Five, or Six Months alter exhibited; and die Day upon which the Offence is charged, and the Name of the Informer, being concealed from the Accused till the Time of Tryal, by that Length of Time the Party is-deprived of an Opportunity of recollecting and proving Circumstances, which would in many Cales totally dil-prove the Charge; and, for want of knowing in whole Name the Information is laid, it is impofiib.e to offer Evidence (which could be done in most Cafes) to prove such Informer a Person of vile Character, and no such credible Witness as ought to affect the Character or Property of any free-born Eaglif:Subject: That the Petitioners are willing lo be retrained, under the fevered Penalties', differing any Private Tippling, or other Disorders ik'L. 25.

or Irregularities, in their Shops or Houses; and do hereby '

offer to comply with such Terms, for the Liberty of vending by Retail the Commodities of their own making, as will raise a large Sum of Money to the Publick, without diminishing the lead Part of his Majesty's Revenue; all which the Petitioners are able and ready to prove and demondrate, in such manner as the House shall be nleased to direct: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Confederation, and afford such Relief and Assistance therein as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Condemning preventing unnecessary Delays and Expences in condemn- of ing of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland: And that Mr. George Grenville and Mr. Legge do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The several Orders of the Day, for the Attendance of Privilege. William Halt and Stephen Hale, being read;

And the Serjeant at Arms being called upon to give an Account of what had been done in Execution of the Order of the House, for taking into his Custody William Leverland, the Messenger, to whom the said Order was delivered, acquainted the fioufe, That he had madedii-gent Search after the said William Leverland, but that he could not be found.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for apprehending the said William Leverland, with a Promise of a Reward for the lame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's moll honourable Privy-Council.

Ordered, That the said William Hale and Stephen Hale be dil miffed from- any further Attendance upon this 4

House at present.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House refjlvcti itself into a Committee of the Foreign whole House, to consider further of the Bill for natura- Protestant* lizing foreign Protestants. Nat.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hampden took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Hampden reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hampden accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Mercer* Motion, it being near Five of the Clock: ompany

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton have Leave to make a Mot ion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

4 L An

Karl of Stamford') Ellatt.

Kynaston's

Estate.

Southward

Harbour.

Answer to Addrefa*

Waya

and Means.

Supply.

L'rd Lovat's Ifspeachrucot.

314

6" — 9' — i 0° Martii. 1 A. 174*5-

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry Earl of Stanford, in order to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the fame, was read the Fiift time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 90 di Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii II4' Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Rectory of St. , without

Aldgate, London, the Estate of 'Thomas , Clerk,

comprised in his Marriage Settlement; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Ufesof the said Settlement; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Li/ter, Mr. Carew, Mr. Philip HerSir Cor del

Mr. Robert Williams, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. , Mr.

Saville, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pytts, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Foley (tnior, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Symmons, Mr. Syden-

ham, Mr. Hill, Mr. Owen, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Bramston, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Hoblyn, Lord Perceval, Mr. Edwin, Sir Robert Abdy, Sir John Chester, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Turner, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Archer, Mr. Henry Archer, Mr. Furnefe, Mr. Laroche, Mr; Kynaston, Mr. Sir John Crojjfe,

Mr. Robinson, Sir Henry Calthorpe, Mr. Captain

Bofcawen, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Cholmondeley, Lord Guerti-

fey, Mr. Winford', and all the Members who serve for the

City of London, and the County of Middlesex: And they aire- to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, and clear the same of

all Strangers; and summon the Members theft, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, whorefufe to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, he reported. That no Person was in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the said Tryal, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly.

And they went to the Places in ap*-

pointed for them.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order tobe presentat the laidTryal

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual: And they went into minster-hall accordingly.

And being returned; j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurjion:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords haye commanded us to acquaint this Lord Lovat'> ! House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the j

Tryal oi Simon I/?rd Lovat Tomorrow, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon.

And then the MessengerS withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of South in the County of Suffolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk.

Ordered, That Sir Cor del Firebrace do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address, of Fridaylaft, That his Majesty would be gra-

ciously pleased to issue his Royal Proclamation for apprehending William Leverland, with a Promise of a Reward for the fame, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he is pleased to give immediate Orders for the issuing such Proclamation as is desired by this House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

1 Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

1 __

The House was moved, That the Orders made upon Tuesday last, in relation to the Members of this House being present at the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, in Westminster-hall, together with the other Directions of the House then given, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly:

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do gowith the Mace into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster-hall, and

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow -Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 1 o° die Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii II41 Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry Stamford Earl of Stamford, in order to discharge several Incum- ate‘

brances affecting the fame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Compton,

Lord Strange, Lord Guenfey, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Thomas Whitmore, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Carew, Mr. Winford, Mr. Thomas Archer, Mr. Vernou,

Mr. Leveson Goiver, Lord Chetwynd, Mr.

Mr. Thursby, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Philipps, Lord /«-chiquin. Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Henry Bathurst, Mr,

Hoblyn, Mr. Blackett, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Browne, Mr~

Bowes, Mr. Palmer, Captain Bofcawen, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. War hurt on, Mr. Plumer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Northampton, Lincoln, Nottingham, Derby, Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Lord Lovit'i House do go with the Mace into the Lobby, and Places tmpMdiBe* adjacent, and the Passages leading to and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

M

20 Geo. II. to8 — ii* Martii. 3*5

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, T\iix the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, and clear thefamc of all Strang-

ers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and it he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, lie reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, were called over j and they went to the Places in Westminster-hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over bjr the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -

hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. TkurftoK:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord Byron's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

fcj Shaw's settling the Estates of William Lord Byron and Estates. Shaw, Spinster, an Infant, on their Intermarriage: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

Dr. Barton's - The Lords have palF.d a Bill, intituled, An Act for K,‘ veiling the Estates of Dr. Simon , deceased, in the Counties of IViitsand Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords deflre the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

I.rH Lovat's The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ni*Ki>msat. j]ou^ That their Lordships will proceed further in the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, Tomorrow, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

new Shire-house on the Castle Hill, in the said County; and for railing Money on the said County for that Purfl pose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. koufe, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Caretv, Mr. Nor borne Berkeley, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

riam. Sir John Chester, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Nugent, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Erskine, Sir Henry Munro, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Cust, Lord Perceval, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Compton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Lord Lovat'* House do go with the Mace into the Lobby, and Places 1"p8*chmwlu adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster-hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, and clear the same of all Strangers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Seryice in the House immediately; and if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

' And, being returned, he reported, That there was no Persons in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, were called over; and they went to the Places in appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as ulital; and they went into hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

: The Order of the Day being read;

Commerce Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion made upon

vith Spain, Tuesday t[ie Oay of February last. That the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with Spain, be committed, be further adjourned till this Day Three Weeks.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 11° Martii;

Anno 20‘Georgii IF1 Regis, 1746.

Pr A y er s.

Lord Byron* A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act an-.t Shaw'* J.jl.for settling the Estates of William Lord Byron and Eftata. Elizabeth Shaw, Spinster, an Infant, on their Intermarriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Norwich A Bill for holding the Summer Assizes and Sessions of Shuc-hall. the Peace for the County of Norfolk, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be built for the said County of j and for building a

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That Mr. Lejlie have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Dundee by Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two *"Pro»e"*nU Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the common Streets of the said Town; and for fApplying the said Town with good Water; and for converting an Hospital in the said Town into a Workhouse for employing the Poor there; was read a Second time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Powney, Sir John Pennington,

Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Sit Richard Warwick Bampfylde , Mr. Fane, Mr.

Sir James Hamilton, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Mr. Winford, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Legge, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Vyner, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr.

Plumer, Sir John Crojfe, Mr. Bowes, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Noel, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Er faint. Sir Roger -

goyne, Mr. Newnham, Sir John Strange, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Hampden; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message

516 ii* — 12* — 13° 1746.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

I ord I.ovat'* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, impeachment. That their Lordships will proceed further in the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, in Westminster - on Friday next,

at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered That Mr. IFodehouse have Leave to make a

Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And, Wjmondham A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Jloads. several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and , and from

IVymondkam to Hetherjet, and from the Mouth, of Wig-more-lane to Hall-walk Gate in Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved', That the Bill be committed to Mr. house, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Fere, Mr. Fane, Dr. Newland, Sir IVm. Calvert, Sir Arthur Forbes, Mr. Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Chester, Sir Hugh Smilhfon, Mr. Hay, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Pitt, Sir Roger Newdigate, Sir John Chapman, Sir Richard Lloyde, Mr. Compton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Leod; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Noifolk, and Eft'cx: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

JoviS) 12* Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1746. Prayers.

Dr. Burton's AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estates. jtV for veiling the Estates of Dr. Simon Burton, deceased, in the Counties of and Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposts therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cirencester A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of Cirencester, Hoad. in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in the Bill depending in this House for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester to Birdlip's Hill, in the County of Gloucester, there is a Rower given to the Trustees to erect One or more Gate or Gates on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, crols any Lane or Way leading out of the same: That there is a Lane or Way leading out of the same Road, from a certain Place, in the Parish of Cirencester, called Bridge, to a Place called Bnunton Gate, in the Parish of Bonn tan, in the said County of Gloucester, commonly called The White Way, being in Length Three Quarters of a Mile, or thereabout; and that the said Lane or Way, called The White Way, having a Communication with the said Road leading from Cirencester to Birdlip's Hill, is liable to be used by many of the Carriages passing from Cirencester to Birdlip's Hill, and that the same Way

is very ruinous: And therefore praying. That One or more Clause or Clauses be added to the said Bill, impowering the Trustees therein to be named, to repair the said lane called The White Way, from the said Place called Spirringate Bridge, to the said Place called Baunton , out of the Tolls or Duties to arile and be received by virtue of the said Bill.

r O

I sj

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (h ill appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bathurst, Lord Mr. A illes. Sir John Gordon, Sir John Cust, Mr. Shuttleworth. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Carew, Lord Gage,

Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Gage, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Boone, Sir Edrmtnd Thomas, Mr. , Mr.

Foley, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brereton, Sir John

Philipps, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Douglass, Lord Deerhurst,

Mr. Pollen, Mr. Wilbraham, Lord Perceval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and.

Records.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the In- Debtor* solvent Debtors in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet, in Pe»itioa-behalfof themselves,.and others, the unfortunate Prisoners in the several Gaols therein mentioned, which was pre-fen ted to the House upon the 10th Day of February last, and then read, and ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read:

And tile same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors: And that Mr. Carew, the Lord Gage, and Mr. Edward Gibbon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for Relief of such of his Majesty's Subjects, in Relief in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whole Title- »*(pe& to Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion, was read a Second time. >,y Scotch

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Rebels.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Seven-night, resolve itself Into a Committee of t he whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for better securing the Payment of such Shares Greenwich of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Hospiul. Royal H'olpital of Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men in all Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for preventing Penfiooers, and others, from embezzling the Goods and Stores of the said Ilo-spital; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Martii;

Anno ao* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

M'R. Hemy Bathurst reported from the Committee, Cirencester . to whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants Road, of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was referred;

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth ;. viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr,

Lord Lovat's Impeachment.

Bruntiflaml

Harbour,

lee*

Army; Mutiny and Desertioa.

20 Geo. II. 13* — \6° Martii. 31

Mr. Brereton Smith said. That the Highway from Spirringate Bridge to Baunlon Gate is in a very ruinous Condition, and uled by many Carriages passing from Ci-rencester to Birdlip's Hill.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hilly in the said County, is committed. That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road called The White Way, leading from Spirringate Bridge to Baunton Gale, in the said County of

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster-hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, and clear the same of

all Strangers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster-hall appointed for them.

And the House being informed, That several Members were then in the Passages leading to the Places appointed for the Members in Westminster-hall;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go again into the Places appointed for the Members in Westminster-hall, and into the Passages lead-

ing thereto, and, if there be any Members there, except the Managers, that he summon them to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, he reported. That the said Places and Passages were quite clear.

Th#n the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House-, in order to be pretent at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster-hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots, or Onc-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or told' within the Town of Rruntifland, and Liberties thereof, for inertafing the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Louis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Vol. 25,

for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment: and also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Sunderland near Sea to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the City of Durham, in the County of D, to Tyne Bridge, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, in on Mon-

day next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday . Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 16° die Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii II4' Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Dr. Simon Burton, de-cealed, in the Counties of Wilts and Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Deer-hurst, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Fane, Mr. Noel, Mr. Cornewall, Sir John Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Charlton, Lord Paimerston, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Walpole, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Stanley, Admiral Townshend, Sir Wm. Calvert; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, Somerset, Warwick, and

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of William Lord Byron and Elizabeth Shaw, Spinster, an Infant, on their Intermarriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. White, Lord Deerhur/l, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Gray, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Winford, Mr. Parker, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Carew, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Sir Thomas Drury,

Lord PalmerJion, Mr. Leslie, Admiral Mr. Fane,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Jeaffreson, Mr. Hales, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Pvwlett, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Torke, Mr. Campbell, Sir John Strange, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, Lane after, Norfolk, Cambridge, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself intoa Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into a Commi tee of the whole liouie, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

4 M Ordered,

Sunderland

Road.

Distham

Road.

Lord Lovat's Impeachment.

Committee*

Dr. Burton'0 E dates.

Lord Byron* and Shaw's E ftaies.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

16° — 17° Manii.

A. 1746.

Lord Lovat's Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this impeachment. pjoufe d0 g0 with the Mace into "the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminfltand clear the same of all Strangers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster-hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into hall accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Wednufield . Mr. Leveson Gozver presented to the House, according Chapel. to Order, a Bill for founding, and building a Chapel in Wednesfeld, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

Lord Lovat's The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, in>petchment. That Simon Lord Lovat having requested, that Norman MeLeod Esquire, a Member of this House, may be examined as a Witness at the Tryal of the said Lord, their Lordships do desire, that this House will give Leave to the said Norman M‘Leod to be so examined at the said Lord's Tryal; and that their Lordships will proceed further in the Tryal of the said Lord Lovat, in hall, on Wednesday next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Norman Esquire, a Member

' of this House, have Leave to be examined as a Witness at the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat.

And the Messengers were again called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Martii;

Anno 20* GeorgiilIdi Regis, 1746.

Pa AYERS.

Catterick A PETITION of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- Bridge i\ men. Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, and other In-Roaii' habitants, within the Hundred or District of Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York, whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in case the Bill, now depending before the House, for amending and repairing the High Road from the City of Durham, in the County of Durham, to Catterick Bridge, in the said North Riding of the County of York, through the Towns of Stockton upon Tease, in the said County of Durham, and Yarn, in the said County of York, shall pass into a Law, the same will greatly affect the Petitioners, and tend to the Prejudice of them, and all other Persons inhabiting in the said District: of Cleveland, and to the preventing and difeou-raging the Culture and Improvement of the barren and other Lands situate therein, by greatly increasing the Price of Coals and Lime, which the Petitioners, and all other Inhabitants within the said District, are obliged to fetch at a very great Distance, and to purchase at a considerable Expence; and that the Petitioners shall only make use of a very small Part of the said Road, and That in the Summer Season: And therefore praying, That some Provision may be inserted, in the said Bill, for the Exemption of all Horses, Mules, Asses, and Carriages, going for, or laden with. Coals or Lime, passing and repairing by or along the said Road, from paying, or being subject to pay, any Tolls or Duties on that account; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders, Land-owners, Gloucester, and other the Inhabitants, of Maifmore, St. Mary de &c. Roads. Load, Hartpury, and Corse, in the County of Gloucester, and of divers other Inhabitants of the Parishes lying near the same Parishes, as also divers of the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of , the Road

leading from Maifmore Bridge, through the Parishes of Maifmore, Saint Mary de Load, Hartpury, and Corse, to a certain Place in Corse Lawn called The King's Standing, is Part of the Roads particularly directed by the said Act to be repaired and widened; and that, by virtue of the said Act, the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have, ever since the Commencement of the said Act, caused a Turnpike-gate to be set up and continued upon the said Road, and received the Tolls and Duties, directed by the said Act, from all Horses, £attle, and Carriages, passing through the said Gate; which Tolls and Duties, the Petitioners apprehend, would have been sufficient to have put and kept the aforesaid Road in good and sufficient Repair, if the same had been laid out for the Repairs thereof; but that by tar the greatest Part of the Money received at the said Maifmore Gate hath been laid out towards the Repairs of the other Roads in the said Act mentioned; and that, by reason of such Application of the Money arising from the Tolls collected at the said Maifmore Gate, and the said Roads being by that means neglected, as well as by reason of the many heavy Loads and Carriages, Coaches, Passengers, and Droves of Cattle, passing the said Roads, and also by means of the Narrow -ness thereof in some Places, the said Road (which is the' great Road leading from the City of Gloucester aforesaid to the Market Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford aforesaid; as also from the said City of Gloucester, to and through the Market Town of Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worcester, to the City of Worcester; and is also the great Road from and that

Part of the Kingdom, and South Wales, through Gloucester, to the Cities of* Bristol and Bath) still continues very ruinous, and almost impassable, and cannot be. amended and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Courie appointed by Law; and that the said above-mentioned Act being near expiring, the Petitioners are informed, tint Application hath been made to this House for Leave to

20 Geo. II. 17* Marhi. J19

bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms, and enlarging the Powers, of the ('aid former Act; and that, during the Continuance of such enlarged Term, the Commissioners and Trustees, in the said intended Bill to be named, shall not have Power to erect a Turnpike-ga:e in the aforesaid Hoad from Gloucesterto and through the aforesaid Pari (hes of Maifmore, Saint Mary and

Corse-, but to exclude the said Road from the Benefit of the said intended Act: And therefore praying, That if the said intended Bill pass into a Law, the said Road leading from Maifmore Bridge, through the Parishes of Maifmore, Saint Mary de Loady Hartpury, and Corse, to The King's Standing on Corse Lawn, may not only be comprehended and continued therein, as it was and is in the said recited Act, and have the Benefit of the said intended Act, and of the Enlargement of the Terms and Powers of the said former Act; but that a Clause may likewisebetnferted in the said intended or depending Bill, to impower the Trusteesto lay out the Tolls and Monies to be collected on the said Maifmore Road, for the effectual Repair of the same Road only.

Gloucester, A Petition of several Freeholders and Landholders *c. Road*, lying on or near the Roads leading through the Parishes of Maifmore, Harpury, and Corse, in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Commissioners in the said Act named arc impowered to erect Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and to receive the Tolls and Duties therein declared, from and after the 24th Day of 1726, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, in order to repair the Roads or Highways in the said Act mentioned, and, amongst others, the Roads leading through the said Parishes of Maifmore, Harpury, and Corse, to a certain Place in Corse Lawne, near Corse aforesaid, called The King's Standing: That the Petitioners well hoped they should have received, as they were justiy intitled to, a proportionable Share of the Tolls or Duties collected by virtue of the said Act, during the Continuance of the fame, for and towards the Repair of the Roads leading through the Parishes 0 Harpury, and Corse:

That the Commissioners appointed to put the said Act in Execution did allot, in the former Part of the said Term of Twenty-one Years, a small Share of the Money our of the said Duties or Tolls, for the Repair of the said Roads leading through the said Parishes of,

Harpury, and Corse-,but for the last Seven Years, or more, that the said Commissioners have not thought proper to allot any Sum of Money whatsoever for the Purpo-les aforesaid, though they have been often requeued so to do: That, in this Situation, the Petitioners have been obliged, to their Grievance, to contribute every Year largely to the Repair of the Roads lying in distant Parts of the said County of Gloucester, of which they have not the least Benefit: That this Branch of the Road directed to be repaired, by virtue of the said Aff, leading from Maifmore Bridge to The King's Standing in Corse Lazvne, doth not exceed Three Miles in Length: That, as Materials lie very near and convenient for the Repair of the said last mentioned Road, the Laws in being, before the passing of the said Aff, were very sufficient to keep the same in good Order and Condition: That notwithstanding the Commissioners appointed to put the Act aforesaid in Execution have applied to this House to continue and enlarge the Powers by the before-mentioned Act granted: And therefore pray in g. That if any Act, applied for to continue the said Term. shall pass into a Law, a Clause maybe inserted, that the Commissioners appointed to put the same in Execution shall not be impowered to erect any Turnpike in the Road from Gloucester to the aforesaid Parishes of Maifmore, Harpury, and Corse.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads Vol. 25.

from the City of Gloucester to the City of,

is referred: And the Committee were ordered feve- . rally to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and to report the lame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Richard Lyfler reported from the Committee, to Kynaston'a whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate; Act for Sale of the Rectory of St. Buttolph, without Aid-gale, London, the Estate of Thomas Kynaston, Clerk, comprised in his Marriage Settlement; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement; was committed; That the Committee had exa-amined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

the Orderof the Daybeingread, for the Second Reading Walton

of the Bill for Building a Bridge cross the River of , uponThame*

from Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the Bridge,

opposite Shore in Shepperton, in the county of :

And the several Orders for admitting Counsel to be heard against the said Bill, upon the Petition of the several Barge-masters, Barge-carters, Freighters of Barges, and others whose Names are thereunder-written, as well in behalf of themselves, and many other Barge-masters, Barge-carters, and Freighters; and for admitting Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition; being read;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second time.

And the House being informed. That no Counsel against the said Bill attended;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Popham, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Fane, Sir John Chester, Sir John

Mr. Fazakerley, General Onslow, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Proby, Mr. Prowse, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. MeLeod,

Mr. Tyner, Sir Wm. Herbert, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Sir

Harry Munro, Mr. Gore, Mr. Humfrey, Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Frankland, Mr. Arfcott, Mr. Mr. Fel-

lowes, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colebrooke, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Edward Walpole, Sir

Cor del Fire brace, Mr. Thurjby, Mr. , Mr. Bapl.

Leveson Gower, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Parker, Mr. Walker,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, , and Bucks: And they are meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Carnage Coaches, and other Carriages, therein mentioned; and Duties, Ac. for raising the Sum of One million, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties; without any Amendment: and also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Guv's confirm a Decree of the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster Ho/piul concerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton Marsh, in Estate. the County of Lincoln and a Conveyance from LnfceUs Metcalfe Esquire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded at the foie Costs and Charges of Thomas Guy Esquire; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the City and Foreign Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto sub- Pr^e^anI'* feribed, for and on behalf of themselves, and all other "* the free-born Subjects of that City and Liberty, was presented

Earl of Stamford*! Estate.

Kynifton'i

Estate.

Lord Lovat *s

Impeachment.

3^6 17° — 18° — 190 Martii. ^1746.

Tented to the House, and read; setting "forth, That it appears by the Votes of this House, that a Bill is now depending in Parliament, intituled, A Bill for the naturalizing of foreign Protestants; and that the Petitioners, too fenlible of the Mischiefs by Introduction ot Foreigners into this Nation (experienced Mischiefs, solemnly so declared by the Legislature) cannot but be alarmed at this new Attempt; which, if it passesinto a Law, mult divide and weaken the pureftestablished Church, and endanger the belt Syftetn of Government that human Judgment is capable of forming; and that the Petitioners, recolleding the Examples or their Ancestors, ever jealous of the lead Innovation of British Liberty, and whole Applications for Redress have merited and received the Countenance and Support of their Constituents in perilous Times, and most imminent Dangers, beg Leave to implore this House to take this their Petition into Consideration; and that a Bill, in its Nature so dangerous to the Liberty and Property of the rightful-born Subjects of this Nation, incompatible with the Honour of a free People, and subversive of our happy Constitution in Church and State, may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into further Consideration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, i 8° Martii;

Anno zo# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746. Praters.

MR. Compton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bili, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry E»d of Stamford, in order to discharge several Incumbrances

affecting the lame, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Rectory of Saint , without,

London, the Estate of Thomas , Clerk, compri-

fed in his Marriage Settlement; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement; was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Lyjler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to -

hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And lie went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster-hall, and clear the same , of all Strangers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages le uiing thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and ifhe find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

*7

And he went accordingly.

Aud, being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Tryal of Simon Lord were called

Over j and they went to the Places in Wap-pointed for them.

Then the House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties as usual; and they went into Westminster shall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edzvards and Lord Lont'i Mr. Montague: Impeachment.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they are ready to go down into Westminster-hall, in order to proceed further in the Tryal of Simon Lord Lovat.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the said Tryal, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster-hall appointed for them.

Then the House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Tryal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members went into We accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

That their Lordships will proceed further Tomorrow, in Westminster hall, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, in order to the giving of Judgment against Simon Lord Lovat.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will be present as a Committee of the whole House, in W when the Lords shall proceed further, in order to the giving of Judgment against Simon Lord Lovat.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Committee, appointed to manage the Impeachment against Simon Lord Lovat, be impowered, in case the House of Lords shall proceed to give Judgment before the same is demanded by this House, to infill upon it. That it is not Parliamentary for their Lordships to give Judgment until the same be first demanded by this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow,

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

/ _ jtovisy 19* die Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1740.

Prayers.

/~\RDER ED, That the Orders, made upon the Third LordLo»at'i ‘ Day of this instant March, which were then ordered .1,utiC*rtuueilL to be observed every Day that the House should go, as a Commit tec oft he whole House, to the Trya I of Simon 1 ,ord Lovat, \n Westminster hall, and the other Directions then

given, be observed when the House shall go, as a Committee of the whole House, to be present as Inch in j

minster-hall, when the Lords shall proceed further, in

order

20 Geo. II.

321

19" — 20°

order to the giving of Judgment against Simon Lord

Lovat.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go with the Mace, and dear the Lobby, and the Speaker's Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of til is House in Westminster shall, and clear the same of

all Strangers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the*.'adages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refule to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers of the Impeachment against Simon Lord were called over; and they went to the Places in minster-hallappointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to be present in when

the Lords proceed further, in order to the giving of Judgment against Simon Lord Lovat.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into kall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That this House will immediately go, with their Speaker and i..e Mace, to the Bar of the House of Lords, and demand Judgment of High Treason against: Simon Lord Lovat, upon the Impeachment of the Commons.

They went accordingly.

And, being returned;

My. Speaker reported, That the House had been at the Bar of the House of Lords with their Speaker, and the Mace; where he had, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of Great , demanded Judg-

ment of their Lord Chips against Simon Lord Lovat for High Treason. '

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingr (Ted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry Earl of Stamford'* Stamford, in order to discharge several Incumbrances af- Estate. fcfttng the fame, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Compton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

A Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in Brmuiflant the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Harbour, See. George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald.,

Sir John Gordon, Sir IVm Calvert, Mr. , Sir John

Philipps, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grenv, Mr. Cor new all,

Mr. Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pratt, Mr.

Leveson Gower, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lifer-, and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Gervafe Mason do, Tomorrow Morning, Dlftiller* attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Licence*. Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities of London, Westminster, Borough of S, and Weekly

Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto tobferibed in behalf ot themselves, and others exercising the Diddling Trade, is referred.

Ordered, That Robert Thompson do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Thomas Holloway do attend the said Committee at the same time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships are presently going down into ' minder-hall, in order to give Judgment upon Simon Lord Lorvat, who Hands convicted of High Treason.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will be present, as a Committee of the whole House, in , when the

Jyirds give Judgment against Simon Lord Lovat, who (lands convicted of High Treason, upon the Impeachment exhibited against him by the Commons.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers of the Impeachment against Simon Lord Lovat, be called over:

And they were called over accordingly; and they went into the Places appointed for them in

Then the lloule resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And the Members went into accordingly.

And, being returned;

Vol. 5$.

V1enerisy 20° Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746.

Praters.

ABI L L for founding and building a Chapel in

nesfield, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Parker, Mr. P Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Owen, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Archer, Mr. Carew, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Mr. Palmer, Lord Perceval, Mr. Gore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Cholmondeley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, Salop, ter, Laucaster, Worcester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wednesfield

ChapeL

A Petition of Francis Stratford Esquire, and Joseph ^tmrne^ Ashton Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Direction of the Court of Chancery, the Manor of Shepperton, in , was, in the

Year 1741, purchased in the Petitioners Names, inTruft,

4N

Walton

uponTharaci

Bridge.

Dundee

fujproveiuriit.

42

for Penelope Pate Stratford, an Infant, now about Fourteen Years old, for the Sum of Eleven thousand Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds, Pari of which Purchase confided of an ancient Ferry over the 'Thames, from ton into Surry, for all Sorts of Carriages, Horses, &V. which Ferry was then lett, and is now lett, to a Ferryman, at Seventeen PoundsaYear; and for which, as well as for the red of the Estate, there was given about Twenty-six Years Purchase: That the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill now depending in this House for making a Bridge cross the Thames, from Walton upon in

Surry, to Shepperton aforesaid, at a Place about a Mile below the Petitioners Ferry, and for giving Liberty to make Towing-paths for Men and Horles, and to do several other Acts upon the said River, and the Banks thereof, and the Aytes therein; which Bridge, if built, will greatly leften thelncomeof the Petitioners said Ferry, if not totally take it away; and that the Manor of Shepperton extending about Three Miles in Length by the Side of the said River, and there being some Aytes belonging thereto in the said River, therefore the Liberty of making Towing-paths, and doing other Matters mentioned in the said Bill, may do great Damage to the said Manor: And therefore praying. That, before the said Bill pastes the House, the Petitioners, on behalf of themselves, and the said Infant, may be heard, by their Counsel, touching the said Matters; and that the House will relieve them, in respect of the Damages they shall suffer by such new Bridge, in such manner as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of , from Walton upon

Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore, in Shepperton, in the County is committed j

And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, according to the Prayer of their laid Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed. That the several Barge-masters. Barge-carters, Freighters of Barges, and others, whose Petition was, upon the 27th Day of February last, presented to the House, and read, and was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill should be read a Second time; and who were ordered tobeheard at that time, if they thought fit, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; were not apprised of the Time appointed for the Second Reading of the said Bill; and that it was occasioned by a Mistake that their Counsel did not attend when the said Bill was read a Second time upon Tuesday last;

Ordered, That the said Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, when the Report (Hall be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Count'd be admitted to be heard, at the fametime, in favourof the said Bill, against thelaid Petition.

Mr. Lejlie reported from the Committee, to whom ,the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Peny . Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the common Streets of the said Town; and for supplying the said Town with good Water; and for converting an Hospital in the said Town into a Work-house for employing the Poor there; was committed; That the Committe had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and a. terwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments 18

17462

were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupun, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning fiext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities of London, Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others exercising the Distilling Trade.

Ordered, That Gervafe Mason do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Robert Thompson do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That Thomas Holloway do then attend the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Excise, or some of them, do then attend the said Commit.re.

1

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Two of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doflor in Physick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 230 die Martii\

Anno 200 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1746. Prayers.

THE Lord Deerhttrjl reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Dr. Simon Burton, deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debtsand Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition o (James Clarke Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent bearing Date the 12th Day of March, in the 29th Year of his Reign, demised to Sir fames Clarke all that Passage of Water upon the Thames called Hampton Court Ferry, and also another Ferry called Hampton Ferry, and the Tolls, Customs, and Profits, thereunto belonging, being Parcel of the Manor of Eafi Moulsey, and the Honor of Hampton Court, to hold for the Term of Seventy-seven Years, at the yearly Rent of Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence, payable to his Majesty: That the llefidue of the said Term is now vested in the Petitioner, who letts the said Ferry at Seventy-five Pounds per Annum: That by the Bill, now depending in the House, for building a Bridge at which

is about Two Miles from One of the said Ferries, and Three Miles from the other, the Profits of the same will be lessened One Half, or thereabouts, and his Majesty's Estate therein greatly prejudiced: And therefore praying.

That,

20* — 230 Martii.

Distillers

Licence.

Mercrrb*

Company.

Dr. Burton'i Estates.

Walton

uponThamcs

Bridgo.

Lord Byron's acd Shaw's Estates.

T>undfce

? cupioveiDom

Mercers' Company.

Dr. Barton's

Lad Byron's and Shaw's £(hues.

20 Geo. II. 23° — 240 Martii. 323

That, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, a Clause may be inlcrted therein, to give the Petitioner Satisfaction for what he, as Tenant of the said Ferries, shall fuller thereby; or that he may have such Relief as to the House shall leeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of , from (Valt on

upon Thames, in the County of to the opposite Shore

in Shepperlon, in the County of committed.

Mr. White reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of William Lord Byron and Elizabeth

Shaw, Spinster, an infant, on their Intermarriage, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of , and the

Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts mentioned; and for repairing the common Streets of the said Town; and for supplying the said Town with good Water; and for converting an Hospital in the said Town into a Workhouse for employing the Poor there; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. ii. To leave out "was," and insert " should be

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, fur the Purposes in the said Acts and this present Act mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lejlie do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. tiumfrey, Admiral Mr. Gxvynn, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. James Hamilton, Mr. Pytti, be added to the Commitlec, to whom the Petition of Shaw, Doctor in Physick, and others. Creditors of the Company of Mercers of London, on behalf of themselves, and the rest uf the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Dr. Simon Burton, deceased, in the Counties of Wiltsand Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhttrjl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, witl>6ut any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords intituled, An Act for settling the Estates of William Lord Byron and Elizabeth Skate, Spinster, an Infant, on their Intermarriage, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the Vol. 25.

Lords, and acquaint them, Ttat this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Supply.

House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Pane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fanealfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, up>on Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 24* die Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1746.

Prayers.

AMESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Southwuuld for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Harbour. Haven of Southwonld, in the County of , without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have p>afled a Bill, intituled, An Act to Sambrooke^li enable the Guardians of Elizabeth Sambrooke and Diana rMam. Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke, their Sifter, in making Building Leases of divers Houses and Tenements in the County of MiddlesexTo which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir William Sounder- Royal A (taut son. Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties up>on Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain

j 24 24° M A. 1746.

R°y»I Assent BrTtaiu called Scotland; and for applying a certain Sum to 1 u. 1\foneyj therein mentioned, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year 1747:

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages, therein men- tinned; and for raising the Sum of One million, by way of Lottery, to be charged upon the said Rates and Duties:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion , and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the North End of the Cota Causey, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, to the Town of ', and from thence

to Buck ton-burn, in the County of

An Act for repairing the High Road leadingifrotn the City of Qurham, in the County of to Tyne

Bridge, in the said County:

An Act for repairing the Road from Sunderland near the Sea, to the City of Durham, in the County of Durham:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Western Part of the Parish of Shenfidd to , in thie County of Ejj'ex; and the Road leading from in the

laid County, to Sudbury, in the county of ; and frorh

Margretting to Malden, in the county of ; and from Colchester to Longhorn, in the same County; and for repairing other Roads adjoining to the same Roads:

An Act to continue and make more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the First. Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, and Puntfield, in the county of ; and for amending other Roads in the hft Act mentioned:

An Act for enlarging the Terra and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road leading from Warrington to Wigan, in the county of ; and also

for amending and repairing the Road leading from a Place called Barfs Kill, in Warrington aforesaid, to the Toll-bars in- Wallgate, in Wigan aforesaid:

An Act for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving, the Haven of Southwould, in the County of Suffolk:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Harry E^rl of Stamford, in order to discharge several Incumbrances affecting the fame:

An Act; for settling the Estates of Thomas Earl of Leicester, and Edward Coke El'quire, commonly called Lord Coke, his only Son, in the County of Norfolk, on the Marrjage of the said Edward Lord Coke with the

Lady Mary Campbell, One of the Daughters of John late

Duke of Argyll, deceased:

An Act for settling the Estates of William Lord and Elizabeth Shaw, Spinster, an Infant, on their Intermarriage:

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Parkyns Baronet, and Jane Parkyns, with the Consent of their Guardians and Trustees, to make a Conveyance, by way of Settlement, on their Intermarriage, notwithstanding their Minority:

An Act for raising Money by Leafing or Sale of the Estates late of Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Father, and Thomas Taylor Esquire, the Son, deceased, to discharge the Debts and Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for making a Partition of such Eftatps, or so much thereof as shall not be fold, fer the Purposes aforesaid:

An Act to enable Lillie Smith, and his Heirs by Valentina his Wife (formerly Valentina Ynscombe) to take and use the Surname of Ynscombe, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Ynscombe Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable Edmund Garforth, formerly called Edmund Dring, and his Heirs', to take, use, and bear, the Surname and Arms of Garforth:

An Act to confirm a Decree of the Court of the Duchy of Lancaster concerning certain Marsh Lands, called Sutton Marsh, in the County of Lincoln-, and a Conveyance from Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, of the fame, to the Corporation of the President and Governors of the Hospital founded at the foie Coils and Charges of Thomas Guy Esquire:

An Act for Sale of the Rectory of St. Butlolph, without Aldgate, London, the Estate of Thomas

Clerk, comprised in his Marriage Settlement; and for purchasing another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of the said Settlement:

An Act for vesting the Estates of Dr. Simon Burton, deceased, in the Counties of Wilts and Southampton, in Trustees, to raise Money for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to, the House, by his Armr

Majesty's Command, Estimateof the Charge for Allow- Estimite ances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, together with several incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Year 1747.

And the Title of the said Estimatewas read.

The laid Estimate is as followeth; viz.

t

ao Geo. II.

24* Martii.

525

ESTIMATE of the Charge for Allowances to several Officers and private Gentle then of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, together with several incident Charges anting therefrom, for the Year 1747.

For 36$ Day s.

'£ s.

‘73 7 6

‘73 7 6

164 s

164 5 —

118 12 6

118 12 6

118 12 6

x 18 12 6

73 ~

73 73

73 —

45 *2 6

45 »2 6

45 12 6

45 6

91 s

30 8 4

36 10

45 12 6

45 *2 6

45 12 6

45 *2 6

45 12 6

173 7 6

*73 7 164 5 6

*64 5 —

118 12 6

xi8 12 6

118 12 6

118 12 6

73 — —

73 — 73 " z

73 " —

45 *2 6

9‘ 5 —

45 12 6

45 12 6

27 7 6

30 8 4

36 10 —

45 *2 6

45 12 6

45 12 6

45 *2 6

45 12 6

234 4 2

35* $ 3

468 8 4

489 14 2

‘>543 11

Allowances to the Officers of the Third Troop of Horse Guards, exclusive of their Half-pay.

1 ft Lieutenant-Colonel Anthony at

2d Lieutenant-Colonel Francis , at

lft Major Wills, at -

2d Major Ntrwton Barton, at ( Charles Bradshaigh, at j John Bofcaivat -j Philip Brown, at -

(^George Philipps, at -C William M, at

j Wm. Berkley Lyon, at -j Roger Dew at

V John Riehar at

( William limes, at -c r> j- I William K, at -. nga >ers.< Thomas Rogerson, at

[James Monk, at -

Adjutant and Lieutenant, John Riehardson, at Chaplain, Edward Fleet, at -Surgeon, William Nartlow, at Kettledrum, John Toufey, at

Exempts.

Brigadiers.

s.d,

-96

- 9 6

- 9 —

- 9 —

-66

- 6 6

- 6 6

- 6 6

- 4

- 4 —

- 4

- 4 —

- a 6

- 2 6

- 2 6

- 2 6

5 —

Trumpeters.

f Joseph Goodman, at 1 Andrew Thomas, at j John Jones, at Henry Webb at

1

2

2

2

2

2

2

8 - -

6 - -

6 - -

6 - -

6 - -

6 - -

1 Brigadiers.

Allowance* to the Officers of the Fourth Troop of Horse Guards,

their Half-pay. ill Lieutenant-Colonel, Jonathan at -

2d Lieutenant-Colonel, William Peter, at

ft M a; or, Robert Abbot, at ——

2d Major, James Johnftcn, at ——

( Clement Hilgrove, at -. ] Darcy Hebden, at -

tempi*. Weber, A<,flit, X....

[Francis Martin, at -

(Edward Fletcher, at -J Charles Dartequinave, at -J George (Card, at ——

(Richard Hil. Taylor, at - - -f Robert Burket, at -

on- j- j Richard Davenport, at -

- - . -

( Lord Rutherford, at -

Adjutant, Richard Davenport ——

Chaplain, Robert Dorrell -

Surgeon, James Laponge ——

Kettledrum, John Morris ——

| IVm. Douglas ——

I IVm. Harris ——

Trumpeters. \TkmcsHarrit....

f Henry Kopp ——

exclusive of

9 6 - -

9 6 - -

9 ——

9 ——

6 6 - -6 6 - -6 6 - -6 6--

4 ——

4 ——

4 — - -

4 ——

26--

n::

2

1

1

2 2 2 2 2 2

6

6

8

6

6

6

6

6

Allowances to the superanouated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse

Guards, at 7 d.a Day each. aT tOn the old Lift ----- - 13

1 roop. {jrjjfcharged at Christmas - - - - 9

T fOa the old Lift -r P* ^Discharged at Christmas

T t On the old Lift -

3 r P* lDischarged at Christmas

22.-

‘3

20

13

31

C On the old Lift 4 1 ro p. Discharged at CJirift,

mas

13

33

33 *

44 -

46 - -

*45 -

of the ift and 2d Troop of Horse Guards, at 4 j. a Day each -

Total for the superannuated Gentlemen -Voe. 2 5. 4 O

146 — —

For 36^ Days.

£. s. d.

2,010 IO lO

J,992 5 TO

*,397 12 *1

To

Supply.

Privilege.

l

326

24® Martii.

To the Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, on the Allowance of £. 10 per Annum, till provided for.

3d Troop - - 33 Men 4th Troop - - 35 Men

68 at £. 10 per Annum each - -To Lieutenant-Colonel Madan, as Lieutenant-Colonel of Horse, at 8x. a Day To Lieutenant Wallis, as Lieutenant of Dragoons, at 9 a Day -To Quarter-master Smith, at 3X. a Day

To Quarter-master Alloway, per Annum ——

Total of annual Payment* -Bounty Money.

To the 3d Troop of Horse Guards ——

To the 4th Troop of Horse Guards ——

To General Honywood's Regiment ——

To the Duke of Montagu's Regiment -

To Field Marshal Wade's Regiment -

TotheOff-reckoniugsof the 3d Troop of Horse Guards payable in the Year 1747 The fame, for the 4th Troop ——

Deficient Off-reckonings for the King's own Regiment of Horse -D® for the Queen's Regiment of Horse ——

D° for Marshal Wade's Regiment of Horse ——

Expence of altering the Cloathing of the King's own Regiment of Horse to Dragoon Cloathing -

D° for the Queen's Regiment of Horse ——

D® for Marshal Wade's Regiment of Horse ——

Levy-money for the additional Horses to complete the King's Regiment of Horse to the Establishment of the First Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 117 Horses, at £. 15 each Horse, and Accoutrements - -

D* for the id Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 161 Horses, at 15 each

Horse, and Accoutrements ——

D® for the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, for 161 Horses, at £. 15 each Horse, and Accoutrements ——

For 365 Dayg.

s. d.

146 ——

164 5 —

54 15 — 35 ——

390 ——

360 ——

1,508 4 8

1,122 II 9i

877 9 6

1,280 9 6

1,280 9 6

797 16 10

410 14 11

410 14 11

671 19 3

45 10 —

45 10 l

55 _ —

*»4i5 — —

M>* 5 — —

A. 174^.

For 365 Davk-

War Office, March 24th 1746-7.

H.Fotc.

Total - - £.

L

s.

680 — —

400 ——

6,480 9 7

4,258 5 ni

4,180 5 9

7& 19 3

6,585 —

22,267

5*

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it. was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refblution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties as are, or shall be, made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Year 1747.

The said Resolution, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Williams, Keeper of the White Horse Inn in,

was, upon Thursday last, at a publick Assembly, assaulted, and severely treated, upon a publick Assertion made by feme Persons in that Assembly, that Frafer, said by them to be One of the principal Witnesses against the Lord Lovat, was in his Custody;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Matter of this Complaint.

Ordered, That the Members, who were appointed a Committee to be Managers of the Impeachment against

Simon late Lord Lovat, be this Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; and to adjourn from time to time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee be impowered to examine, in the most solemn Manner, such Persons as they shall think fit to examine upon the Subject-matter of their Inquiry.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That all that come to the said Committee have Voices;

It paired in the Negative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Relief i» resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of such of his Majesty's Subjects, in

that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whole Title by Scotch Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebel*. Rebels in the late Rebellion.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A

20 GEOi It

l>lK;liers

X-iccnces.

Norwich Siwe-hall.

Wtroondlitra

Aoadi.

St. Andrew* Holborn Burying Gfpund.

25" Martii. 327

Mercurii, 250 Martii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

f\R D E R E D, That Mr. William Fojier do this Day

attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities of Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, exercising the Distilling Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. James Newton do this Day attend the said Committee.

Mr. Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for holding the Summer Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of in the City and

County of Nonvich, until a new Shire-house can be

built for the said County of Norfolk-, and for building a new Shire-house on the Castle Hill, in the same County; and for railing Money on the said County for that Purpose; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l'eve-raliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Nir. Wodehouse reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherset, and from the Mouth of Wig.

more-lane to Hall lira!k Gate in Attleborough, in the County of Norfolk; and for amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout ;'and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of Saint Andrew Ihlborn, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners toraile such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, ex-r p: One of them, which was disagreed to, were, upon t! t Question severally put thereupon, with Amend-r <:.( t > several of them, agreed toby the House.

Y'jL. 2 5.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Gloueefier, of Robert Esquire, and

Robert Gwillym his Son, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Lancaster; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committeeof the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities of London, -minster. Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, exercising the Distilling Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.;

Sir Hugh Smithson took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, That

they had considered the said Petition, and had examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations thereof; and that the Committee had come to a Resolution thereupon; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Meains for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Lady-day 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1746, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of such of his Majesty's Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whole Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Orderedj

Gwillym's £ dates.

Distillers

Licences.

Ways and Means.

Relief in respect to Ttile Deeds destroyed by Scotch Rebels.

25° — a 6° Mar lit. A. 1747.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And, Gwillym* An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate*. for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Glouceder, of Robert Gwillym Esquire, and Robert Gwillym his Son, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of caster-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned^ was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow . Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 26* Martit;

Anno to0 Georgii Ila Regis, 1747.

Praters.

Sambraoke's A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Elba*. jt\A<ft to enable the Guardians of Elizabeth

brooke and Diana Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke, their Sifter, in making Building Leases of divers Houses and Tenements in the County of sex, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Santhampton Mr. Detmi reported from the Committee, to whom Water-work*, Bill for repairing and maintaining the publick Conduits, and other Water-works, belonging to the Town of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, except tome of them which were disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Lord Lovat'* The House being informed. That ,late Lord impeachment. Lovat, desired that Sir Ludovick Grant and Sir Harry

: Jidunro, Members of this House, might come to him in the Tower;

Ordered, That Sir Ludovick Grant and Sir Harry Munro, Members of this House, have Leave to go to Simon, late Lord Lovat, now a Prisoner in the Tower of London, under Condemnation for High Treason, upon the Impeachment exhibited against him by the Commons.

Distillers Sir Hugh Smithson, according to Order, reported, from Licences, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities of London, Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, exercising the distilling Trade, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same , was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Distillers within the Cities of London 14

and Westminster, Borough 6f Southwark, or Weekly Bills

of Mortality, be permitted to takeout Licences, with a Duty payable thereupon, for retailing Spirituous Liquors in their own publick Shops only; and that they be restrained from differing any Persons to drink or tipple in their Shops, or other Places to them belonging.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolution be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the way» Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and M* s. to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same Were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to raise a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Earl of Middlesex, Mr. Lyttelton,

Mr. Legge, Mr. Campbell of Pembrvkeshire, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. and

Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Frankland, Lord Carpenter, Mri Wahoit Ockenden, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hill, Sir John , uponTlwmw

Mr. Fane, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Compton, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Lord Vere Beau clerk. Lord Harry Beau clerk, Mr. Go dolphin, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Foley, Dr. Cotes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Yorke, Sir Richard Uoyde, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Jolliffe, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Bowes, Mr,

Mr. Winford, Admiral Vernon, Lord Middlesex, Mr.

Arfcott, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore in Shepperton, in the County of sex, is committed.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for respecto Relief of such of his Majesty's Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title Deeds or Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one byone; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon , were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Tht

r

t

20 GEO. II. 26° ----- -27

The other Order rf the Day being read; frrenwirh The House ref jived it felt into a Committee of the whole II oufj, upon the Bill for better securing the Payment of l'uch Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Moipital at Greenwich; and for granting to the said llofpit.il the Shares of Run Men in all Prizes taken fiotn the Enemy; and for preventing Pensioners, and others, from embezzling the Goods and Stores of the said ! lospital.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hay took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire-fed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 7* Martii;

Anno 20° Georgii IIJi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

'WednrvfieU /T R. Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, Chas.ci. J.VX to whom the Bill for founding and building a Chapel in Wedueffetd, in the Parish of IVoijerHampton,

in the County of Staffowas committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were cnee read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Cannier Mr. Cera: wad reported from the Committee, to whom Uuid. the Bill t r repairing the Road leading from,

in the County of Gloucto Hill, in the said County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and tr.at the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which tliev had directed him to report to the House; and he lead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question le-verally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bridge.

VTslton Mr. Care:v, from the Committee to whom the Bill ponThime* for building a Bridge crols the River of Thames, from Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the of-pofite Shore in Shipperton, in the County of war* committed, acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Report to the House, when the House will pleal'e to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning i.cxt.

Norwich An ingrafted Bill for holding the Summer Assizes Shirt-hall, and Sections of the Peace, for the County of Norfolk in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be built for the said County of Norfolk;. and Vol. 25.

Martii.

3*9

for building a new Shire-house on the CaJlleHill, in the same County; and for railing Money on the said County for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for holding the Summer Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be built for the said County of Norfolk-, and for building a new Shire-house on the Castle Hill, in the same County; and for railing Money on the said County for that Pur-pase.

Ordered, That Mr. Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to inquire Privilege, into the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon Tuesday last, touching John Williams, have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Foreign whole House, to whom the Bill for naturalizing foreign *>r<^ltant* Protestants was committed, be taken into further Confederation upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing and maintaining the Southampton publick Conduits, and other Water-works belonging to Wa,*M,ork*> the Town of Southampton, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 38. To leave out " Twelfth," and insert " Ninth:"

L. 39. To leave out " May," and insert

" June:"

Pr. 4. L. 40. To leave out " Sixth," and insert Third ;" and, in the same Line, to leave out " May" and inlert " June."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the publick Conduits, and other Water-works, belonging to the Town of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Delmi do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horle, lately reduced, together with several incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

4P

33°

30° Martii. A. 1747.

Luna, 30° Martii;

AnnoLio* Georgii ILdi Regis, 1747.

Pray er s.

Supply Bill; ORDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Gen-

"uud* tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, uu ‘ a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions which were, on

day last, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, that they do insert in the said Bill a Clause of Credit, with regard to so much of the said Bill as relates to the Surpluses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Union of Mr. Scot reported from the Committee, to whom the Leonard Petition of David Young, Professor of Philolbphy, in be-

Collegcg. half of himself, and of the Provost or Principal, Mailers

and Professors, in the Colleges of St. Salvator and St.

'Leonard ',in the University of St. was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Agent for the Petition laid before the Committee, Pro-pofals and an Agreement, dated 1 ath Day of December 1746, under the Hands of the Principal, Mailers and Pro-selfors in both Colleges; whereby they (after setting forth the Meannefe of the Salaries of the present Principal, Mailers and Professors, and the ruinous Condition of One of the Fabricks, and that the same cannot be repaired and supported, without an Expence far exceeding what the publick Fund can afford) have agreed to apply to Parliament, for an Act to unite and incorporate the Two Colleges, and their Rents and Revenues, under One common Management; and likewise for uniting the correspondent Professorships in the Two Colleges, as the same shall become vacant, by Death or Resignation, upon such Terms and such Manner, as may be for a general publick Benefit, and for promoting the Advancement of Learning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for uniting the Colleges of St. Salvator and St. Leonard, in the University of St. Andrew, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose: And that Mr. Scot, Mr. Thomas Erskine, and Sir Ludovick Grant, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Canbrooke's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. cna5ic the Guardians of Elizabeth Sambrooke and

Diana Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke, their Siller, in making Building Leases of divers Houses and Tenements, in the County of was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Winford, Sjir John Barrington, Mr. Compton, Mr. Scot, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Lifter, Sir Miles ton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Foley, Sir Henry Liddell, Admiral Vmion, Mr. Vere Powlelt, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Lumley, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Proby, Mr. , Mr. Er shine, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Fane, Mr. Kent, Dr Cotes, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Charles Gore, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Trelawny, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr. Steele, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Hedworth; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and the County of -

/ex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order,

SifliuogKund. a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money

out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raile a further Sumof Money for theUfesand Purposes therein mentioned: And the ume was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Guil'ym'i for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Hereford,

Monmouth, and Gloucester, of Robert Gwil/ym Esquire, and Robert Gwil/ym his Son, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling, in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Lan-taster-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ford, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hume Camp-

bell, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Fane,

Mr. West, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Pytts, Dr.

Nezvland, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Symmons, Sir Edmund 1/ham, Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn, Mr.

Mr. Tempest, Mr. Crew, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Courtenay, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Carew, Sir Charles Mr. Wodehouse, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Compton, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Proby, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Hum-frey. Dr. Lee, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mr. Hay

Mr. Hawkins Browne; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford, Gloucester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom Wear Him the Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of and Sunder-the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in laod i>0ft* the County of Durham, was committed; and to whom the Petition of James Lumley Esquire; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Commonalty, and trading Inhabitants of the City of Durham, and of many Gentlemen interested in the Navigation of the River Wear-, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, except some of them which were disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Qualification and Oath of the Commissioners appointed to put the Act in Execution, instead of a Clause for the same Purpose, which had been received by the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed, and had been disagreed to by the House, as being incorrect.

And the said Clause, so offered, was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply.. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Whe e the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

lint

L

Relit fin

respt^t t6 Title Deed* deftmyed by Scotch Reuch.

Wtdne»6eld

ChapeL

Greenwich

Hospital,

WYnxmdham

Read*.

40-Geo. II. 300 — 31 Marti331

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Two hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, out of the Monies or Savings arising from the Money granted by Parliament for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers, who have been killed or died in the Service; for defraying the Charge ot Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced; together with the incident Charges arising therefrom; for the Service of the Year 1747.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words " the Service of

And the Question being put. That those Words (land Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, thusamended.That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Two hundred and Sixty-lcvcn Pounds and Five Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, out of the Monies or Savings arising from the Money granted by Parliament for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers, who have been killed or died in the Service; for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of -Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced; together with the incident Charges arising therefrom; for the Year 1747.

An ingrossed Bill for Relief of such of his Majesty's Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called,

whole Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called whose

Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion.

Ordered, That Mr. Scot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for founding and building a Chapel in Wcdnesfield, in the Parish of , in the County of Stafford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for founding and building a Chapel in nesfield, in the Parish of Wolve, in the County of Stafford.

Ordered, That Mr. Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Payment of such Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at;

and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men in all Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for preventing Pensioners, and others, from embezzling the Goods and Stores of the said Hospital; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 310 die Mart it;

Anno 20°Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747. Pravf.rs.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Highways between and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to and from the Mouth of Wigmorc lane to Hall Walk , in Attle-.Vol. aj.

borough, in the county of ; and for amending

the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough, and from Wymondham to Hetherset, and from the Mouth of Wigmore lane to Hall Walk Gate in in

the County of Norfolk-, and for amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and for making the said Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Wodehouse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hay, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for better securing the Payment of such Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Share of Run Men in all Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for preventing Pensioners, and others, from embezzling the Goods and Stores of the said Hospital; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled, was referred; and to whom also the Petition of the thereunder-written, on behalf of themselves, and other the Gentlemen, Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of Eastand West Flegg, Happing, Tunjlead, North and South Taver-

ham, Blofield, and Walfham, in the County of Norfolk-, and also the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City and County of in Common-Council assembled; and also the Petition of (bme of the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants, of the City and County of Norwich-, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh of Great Yarmouth; and also the Matter of the said Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich; and also the Matter of the said Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk-, and also the Matter of the said Petition of the Merchants, Manufactures, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants, of the City and-County of Norwich-, no Person appearing on the behalf of the said Petition of the Gentlemen, Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundred of Eastand West Flegg, Happing, Tunjlead, North and South Erpringham, Biofield, and

Walfham, in the County of Norfolk; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Matter of the said Petitions, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered ir in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

Support of disabled Seamen, &c.

Walton upon Thames Bridge.

Commerce with Spain.

Stockton, tic. Roads.

332 310 Martii. — 1 1747.

Mr. Brookjbauk presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the Belief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as (halite killed, flain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Carcw, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge cross the River ot Thames, from Walton upon in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore in Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of Francis Stratford Esquire, and JfephAshton Gentleman, to them referred;

and that the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Connie!; and had also heard Counsel in favour of the said Bill against the said P. tition; and that the Committee had also considered the Petition of James Clarke Esquire, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And the said Report was read:

And the Petition of the several Barge-masters, Burge-carters, Freighters of Barges, and others, whose Names are thereunder written, as well in behalf of themselves, and many other Barge-masters, Barge-carters, and Freighters, against the said Bill, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition; and went through the Evidence for the Petitioners:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel," for and against the said Bill, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Debate upon the Motion made upon Tuesday the 24th Day of February last, That the Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting Commerce with 'pain, be committed, be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy i° die Aprilis;

Anno 200 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

SIR Henry Liddell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the High Road from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, in the County of Durham, through Darlington, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had' directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with die Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and 1 hen a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amend-n c-nt to One of them, a. reed to by the House.

O'dered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates of Thomas Roll Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Debts; and for securing an Equivalent in respect of the settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit of his Wife and Infant Son, and for the providing Portions for his Daughters; and for other Purposes: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for preventing Delays in condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great

tain and Ireland-, and for putting an End to all unne-ceflary and unreasonable Expences for the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raile such Sum and Sums ot % loney as shall be neceflaty for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of

SdintAndrew Holborn, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the said Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raile such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Motion bcitlg made, and the Question being proposed. That- Leave be given to bring in a- Bill to explain, 17 amend.

Roll's

Estates.

Condemning of Prizas.

St. Andrew's Holborn Burying Ground.

Scotch

Heretable

Jurisdiction.

Bruntill ind Harbour,

Fruids ?n Admeasurement of Co'As.

20-Geo. II. i" — 2° Aprilis.

333

amend, and render more effectual, an A«5t, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Adrr.eafurement ot Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary ]e Ron, and such Parts of the Pa-rilli of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of

Middlesex: and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Orders of the Day be now read;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdkrs lor the Yeas,

Tellers for he No^Mr. ByZt"':} 11

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of

Lancaster adjoning thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saitff as lies in

the County of Middlesex-, and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes: And that Mr. Ellis and Mr. Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wa»* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means. rcf0|ve ttself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, retolve itself into the said Committee.

minted several Witnesses, and went through the Evidence in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners, against the said Bill, was-heard by way of Reply.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, be now read a Second time.

The said Amendments were accordingly severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to restrain the Taking of Tolls for a Passage over the said Bridge, above between Sun-riling and Sun-setting:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, the Blank therein being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting, after the Word " Ferry," in Folio ii. L. 21. these Words, " or in the Ferry called Shepperton Ferry

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding thereto these Words, " or in the " Ferry called Hampton Town Ferry, or in the Ferry called Hampton Court Ferry:"

And the Question being put. That those Words be added to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be inserted in Folio ti. L. 21; viz. " or in the Ferry called Shepperton Ferry," be there inserted';

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made. That the said Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common- Council assembled, was referred; and to whom also the Petition of the thereunder-written, on beLalf of themselves, and other the Gentlemen, Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundreds of Eoft and WestFlegg, Happing, Tunflead, North and South Erpringham, Taver ham, Blcfteld, and Walfham, in the County of Nor-

folk; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich, in Common-Council assembled; and also the Petition of feme of the principal Inhabitants, landowners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants, of the City and County of Norwich; were severally referred;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates of Thomas Bolt Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Debts; and for securing an Equivalent in respect of the settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit of his Wife and Infant Son, and for the providing Portions for his Daughters; and for other Purposes; was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 2° di Aprilis; Anno 20° Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1747.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Walton The House proceeded to the further Heating of Coun-upon Thames fc] for and against the Bill for building a Bridge cross the 11 Uc* River of Thames, from upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to the opposite Shore in Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex.

And the Counsel for and against the said Bill were called in:

And the Counsel for the said Bill was heard; and exa-Vol. 25.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River JVear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham.

4 Q,

Holt's

Estates.

Wesr River and Sunderland Porr.

,334

2° — 3° Aprilis. A. 1747,

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to' the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

After which, the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

privilege. The House being informed, That Submission had been made to the Right honourable Sir William Tonge, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 6th Day of Februarylaft, and that he was satisfied therewith;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be dii'charged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

Catherick Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bridge Bill for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, Roads. in the county of York:, through in the said County,

to and through Stockton, in the County of and from thence, through , in the said County of

Durham, to the City of Durham, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one} and (except One of them, which was disagreed to) were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Venerts, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Thursion and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for OakeIry*i railing Money out of the settled Estates of Richard - Estatea. ley Esquire, in the Counties of Salop and Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing a Recompence for the lame, in such manner as is therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Kelfield impower MaryStillington, Widow, to execute a Power Inclosure.

veiled in Joseph Stillington Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, for railing Money to complete the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor of Ke/field, in the County of York:To which the Lords

desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Colrmnre'c impower Anne Colemore, Widow, and her Assigns, during Leafing,

the Life of Thomas Colemore, Merchant, to make Building Leases of Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ditto, to impower Anne Colemore, Widow, and her Assigns, during the Life of Thomas Colemore, Merchant, to make Building Leases of Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Foreign The Order of the Day being read, for taking into ^ro7'ftauls further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was committed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months j

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yea.,)£. % £££* } 7«-

Tellers for the Noes,) JJj; } 5°-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Yarmouth . Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Harbour, whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled, was referred; and to whom also the Petition of the thereunder-written, on behalf of themselves, and other the Gentlemen, Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundreds of Eaf and West Flegg, Happing, Twtjlead, North and South Erpringham, Taverkam, and Wa/sham,

in the County of Norfolk; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich, in Common-Council assembled; and also the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk; and also the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants, of the City and County of Norwich; were severally referred; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oakelev't for railing Money out of the settled Estates of Richard Estatei. Oakeley Esquire, in the Counties of Salop and Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing a Recompence for the fame, in such manner as is therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition St. Jame?, of the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, rhuMh»-ni Rector of the Parish Church of the Parish of St. James,

within the Liberty of Westminster, and also of the Vcl-try-men of the same Parish, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themfrlves, and the rest of the Vestry-men, and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, is referred , and to whom also the Petition of the several Inhabitants of the Parish of S/. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, whole Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others. Inhabitants of the said Parish; is referred; have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the River Walton of Thames, from Walton upon Thames, in the County of uponThame* Surry, to the opposite Shore in Shepperton, in the County rRjfie‘ of Middlesex, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 9. L. 35. After " and, " to insert " Two Tran-u feripts ofand, after " said," to insert " several L. 39. After " and, " to insert " severally L. 41. To leave out " present at the;" and, after " pronouncing," to leave out " of:"

L. last, After " fame," to insert, " One of and, after " said," to leave out Verdicts, Judgments,

" Sentences, Decrees, Orders, and other Proceedings, of " the said Commissioners and Juries," and insert " Tran- feripts so signed and sealed :"

Pr. 10. L. 2. After " be," to insert " forthwith:"

L. 3. To leave out " and kept at Walton upon Thames by :"

L. 4*

Civil Go-¥fwntfDi at Gibraltar.

20 Geo. II. 3* dpr .335

L. 4. After" Assigns," to leave out " and the " laid "Verdicts, Judgments, Sentences, Decrees, and " Orders, and other Proceedings," and to insert " and " the other of the said Transcripts, so iigngd and sealed, shall be forthwith transmitted to the Clerk of the " Peace of the County of Surry, to be carefully preferred " anionglt the Records of the said County

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Hill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for building a Bridgecross the River,

from Walton upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to

Sheppertun, in the County of MidJ/efex.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

N 1. Copy of an Order of the Lords of the Committee of Council, referring to the Attorney and Sollicitor-General the several Papers which were laid before the House of Commons, upon their former Applications to his Majesty, relating to the establishing a Civil Government at Gibraltar, and declaring the same a free Port; and

directing the said Attorney and Sollicitor-General to prepare a Scheme for eroding a Court, or Courts, of Judicature for hearing and determining all Causes, Civil and Criminal, in Gibraltar, and to lay the same before a Sub-Committee — Dated 17th January 1738:

2. Copy of a Report of the Attorney and Sollicitor-General to the Sub-Committee; with a Scheme for erodin' Courts in Gibraltar, for the Tryal of Civil and Criminal Cauf.s, pursuant to the aforegoing Order — Dated 20th February 1738:

j. Copy of the Minutes of the Sub-Committee, on confdering the aforegoing Scheme; and directing the Attorney and Soiiicitor-General to amend the same in several Particulars — Dated 22d June 1739:

4. Copy of a Report of the Attorney and Sollicitor-General to the Sub-Committee; with the Scheme for erecting Courts at Gibraltar, as amended by them, pursuant to theaforegoing Minutes — Dated 16th July 1739:

5. Copy of the Report of the Sub-Committee to the Lords of the Committee of Council, upon the aforegoing Scheme for eroding Courts at Gibraltar — Dated ad Au-gujt 1739:

6. Copy of an Order of the Lords of the Committee

of Council, referring back to the Attorney and Sollicitor-GeneTal that Part of the aforegoing Scheme which relates to the Tryal of Treasons — Dated 9th 1739:

7. Copy of a Report of the Attorney and Sollicitor-

General to the Lords of the Committee of Council, upon that Part of the aforegoing Scheme which relates to the Trval of Treasons — Dated 17th 1739:

8 Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council to the King, for his Majesty's Approbation of the aforegoing Scheme — Dated 29th August 1739:

9. Copy of an Order of his Majesty inCouncil, approving of the aforegoing Report and Scheme; and direding the Attorney and Sollicitor-General to prepare a Draught of Letters Patent for establishing Courts of Judicature at Gibraltar, agreeable thereto — Dated 6th September 1739:

10. Copy of a Report of the Attorney and Sollicitor-General to the King, with a Draught of Letters Patent for establishing Civil and Criminal Courts at Gibraltar — Dated 24th October 1739:

11. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, referring the aforegoing Report and Draught of Letters Patent to a Committee of Council — Dated 22d November 1739:

12. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council to the King, for his Majesty's Approbation of the afore-mentioned Draught of Letters Patent — Dated aSth November 1739:

13. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, approving the afore-mentioned Draught oi Letters Patent;

Vol. 25.

and directing the Secretary' of State to prepare a Warrant for passing the same under the Great Seal — Dated 27th December 1739:

14. Copy of a Memorial of Robert Robinson Esquire, whom his Majesty had appointed, by the afore-mentioned Letters Patent, to be Chief Judge of the Court of Civil Pleas in Gibraltar, proposing that Ionic Alteration may be made in the find Draught of Letters Patent-Delivered 24th Jamtary 1731;:

15. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, referring the aforegoing Memorial to the Attorney and Sollicitor-General — Dated 31 ft January 1739:

16. Copy of a Report of the Attorney and Sollicitor-General to the King, for making some Alterations in the said Draught of Letters Patent — Dated 19th February

1739:

17. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, approving of the Alterations; and directing the Secretary of State to cause the same to be made in the Letters Patent accordingly — Dated loth March 1739;

18. Copy of the Letters Patent for establishing Civil and Criminal Courts at Gibraltar, as altered pursuant to the aforegoing Order.

19. Copy of a Memorial of Robert Robinson Esquire,

Chief Judge of the Court of Civil Pleas in Gibraltar, praying. That the foie Disposal of all Places and Offices, belonging to the respective Courts there, may be vested in the Memorialist — Delivered 19th May 1741:

20. Copy of an Order of the Lords Justices in Council, referring the aforegoing Memorial of Mr. Robinson to a Committee of Council — Dated 1 8 th June 1741;

21. Copy of a Report of the Lords of the Committee of Council to the Lords Justices, upon the aforegoing Memorial of Mr. Robinson — Dated 26th June 1741:

22. Copy of an Order of the Lords Justices in Council, approving the aforegoing Report, and granting Mr.

Robinson' % Request — Dated 16th 1741:

23. Copy of another Memorial of the said Robert bitfon Esquire, Chief Judge of the Court of Civil Pleas in Gibraltar, praying, That a Gaol may be erected there; that the House of the Judge Advocate may be set apart for the Memorialist; and that a Seal may be ordered for the Use of the Courts there — Delivered 30th July 1741:

24. Copy of the Minutes of the Lords Justices in Council, upon considering the aforegoing Memorial of Robert Robinson Esquire — Dated 4th August 1741:

25. Copy of an Order of his Majesty in Council, approving a Seal for the Courts in Gibraltar; and directing she same to be delivered into the Custody of Mr. Robinson, the Chief Judge — Dated 31st December 1741:

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, I'll at the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and M

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Moore's Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in the Estates. Counties of Suffix, Surry, and Stafford, for Payment of Debts-and Legacies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Great veiling the capital Messuage called Great Frogmore, with Frojmora the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, devised by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in *n *' Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrenceof this House:

And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for jaibot's veiling Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, Eftat*. in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee-simp)e,discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, upon h settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses.-

Aprilis. A. 1747.

Dundee

Improve went.

Soutltnpton

Water-works.

Stockton kc. Roads.

Way* and Mean*.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed and vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof,

for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the publick Conduits, and other Water-works, belonging to the Town of Southampton, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon , in the County of Durham, through Darlington, to Barnard , in the same County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees, to Darlington, and from thence, through Winston, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Liddell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Burgh and Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled, was referred; and to whom also the Petition of the thereunder-written, on behalf of themselves, and other the Gentlemen. Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundreds of E and West Flegg, Happing, Tunjlead, North and South , Taverham,

field, and Walfham, in the County of Norfolk', and all'o the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the City and County of Norwich, in Common Council fsembled; and also the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Land-owners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk-, and also the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants, of the Cityand County of Norwich; were severally referred

And the said Report was read: and is as followeth; viz

The Act, of the 22d Year of King Charles the Second (which is the first Act made for repairing the Pier and Haven of Great Yarmouth)lets forth the Importance of the said Borough in f. veral Particulars, especially in respect of the Preservation of the Fishery.and the Breeding and Employing of many Thousands of skilful Mariners and Seamen, the Truth whereof, by long Experience, had been sufficiently evinced; and that the Revenues of the said Borough had been walled in defraying the daily great and unavoidable Charge of repairing and maintaining the Haven and Piers, and the Inability of the said Town to maintain the lame; lb that the great Benefit accruing by the said Haven mull of Necessity be loll, unless timely prevented; and therefore enacts. That for Ten Years, from Midsummer then following, there should be granted for every Chaldron of Coals, Lall of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Grain, and for every Weigh of Salt, and every Ton of any other Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, which should be imported and unladen in the said Haven (Cod-fish, Ling, Herrings, and other Fish, only excepted) such Sum of Money, not exceeding

V

nd. as the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Great Yarmouth, in Common-Coucil assembled, should from time to time order and appoint; with Power to them to nominate the Collectors of such Duties, which Collectors were to pay the Money into the Hands of the Chamberlain of the said Borough.

And to the Intent the Money collected might be employed towards repairing the said Haven and Pier, Eight Commissioners were to be nominated and appointed tQ have the Inspection, and take Account, of the Receipts and Disbursements of all the Monies to be collected during the Term aforesaid; Two of which Commissioners were to be yearly appointed by the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Borough, in Common-Council assembled; Two l>y the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of Norwich, in Common-Council assembled; Two by the Justices of the Peace, at the Quarter Sessions for the County of,

and the other Two by the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions for the County of Suffolk; which Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, should and might from time to time, during the said Term, call before them the Collectors, Receivers, or others intruded with the Collection, Receipt, or Employment, of the said Monies, who were thereby required to render to the Com -missioners, or any Five or more of them, a true Account thereof, and of all Money which should red due upon such Account; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, should and might order and appoint all such Monies, which should rest due upon such Account, to be laid out and expended for and towards the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, as there should be Cause; and the Bailiffs of Yarmouth were to administer an Oath to every Collector, for the true and faithful Execution of his Office in and about the Premises, according to the true Intent of the said Act.

And to the end the Haven and Pier aforesaid might be repaired and maintained with as much Thrift and good Husbandry as might consist with the effectual and substantial Performance thereof; and that all Parties, who were made contributory to the fame, might be satisfied therein, Three Persons were to be chosen by the Justices of the Peace for Norfolk, at their then next Quarter-Sessions, and the like Number at the Quarter-Sessions for Suffolk, as also Two Persons by the City of Norwich, and Two by the Town of Great Yarmouth, who were to meet at Michaelmas then following, and to adjourn to such other Time and Place as Occasion should require; which Ten Persons, or any Five or more of them, meeting as aforesaid, upon Consideration and Examination upon Oath to be had of the State of the Haven and Pier, and of the Repair necessary for the fame, might treat and contract with Persons, fitly qualified, for the Repair of the said Haven and Pier, and maintaining the same in good Repair for the Space of Seven Years; and the said Persons to be obliged, at the Determination thereof, to leave the same in good and sufficient Repair, in such Manner, and under such Covenants and Conditions, as they should think fit; and, if the Ten Persons aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, should find it convenient to make any such Contraft, as aforesaid, before Christmas then following, the Imposition to be levied, as aforesaid, should be continued no longer than till the Sum necessary for Performance of such Contraft, together with the necessary Charges of levying the same, to be accounted and allowed, as aforesaid, should be raised and paid; but if the said Ten Persons, or any Five or more of them, should not make such Contraft before Christmas then following, then the said Haven and Pier should be repaired by the Direction and Care of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Yarmouth, in Common-Council assembled; and the Money raised and levied should be accounted for as in the former Part of the Act was directed; and if the Pier should be repaired within lets than Ten Years, then the Imposition lhou;d cease, when the Sum lo employed in the Repair of the Pier should have been raised thereby.

20 Geo. II. 3° A prills.

337

The next Act made for this Purpose, in the 29th Year of King Charles the Second, recites. That, by the Powers given by the last mentioned Act, the said Piers, then much in Decay, had been repaired, so that the Power of the said Act would soon determine; and that the like Decay could not be prevented without acondant Charge: And to the end that the said Haven and Piers (in which the Good and Benefit not only of the said Town, but of the Counties and Places adjacent, were highly concerned) might at all times thereafter be preserved and kept in good Repair, enacts, That the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Tar mouth, in Common-Council assembled, might, for Seven Years after the Expiration of the said former Act, levy such Sum or Sums of Money as they should think fit, from time to time, not exceeding Six Pence, upon every Chaldron of Coals, and every Lad of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, or other Grain; and for every Weigh of Salt, and every Ton of other Goods (Fish only excepted) which should be unladen in the said Haven; which Money, so levied, should. be expended in and for the Maintenance of the said Haven and Piers; for the better Observat ion whereof all the Powers, Limitations, and Directions, in the said former Act, were thereby revived, confirmed, and enacted; and that at the Quarter-Sessions to be holden for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, the Corporation of the City of

Norwich and Town of Yarmouth, such Number of Commissioners should becholen as by the former Act; which laid Commissioners were to meet once every Year, or oftener, if Occasion should require, at there to

view tire said Pier, and inspect the Accounts of the Money expended thereupon, according to the Power given in the above-mentioned Act; which Act was to commence from Lady-day 1678, at which time the Powers of the former Act, as to the Charge of 1 therein mentioned, were to cease and determine.

Another Act for the same Purpose was made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, which, among other Things, recites. That the Haven and Piers of the said Burgh had been of late much more than theretofore obstructed and ruined by Sands thrown tip by the Sea, in such fort, as that the Benefit thereof muflofNecelfity be loft, if not timely prevented; the great Charge of clearing, preservine, maintaining, and repairing whereof, the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgell'es, and Commonalty, of the said Burgh, were in no-wife able to bear; the said Corporation's ancient real Estate, being near^.400 Annum, being fold and expended, and they very much in-tdebted by the great Charge of the Repair thereof; and the Powers of the former Acts of Parliament, concerning the lame, being then wholly determined: And to the end that the said Haven and Piers might be cleared, preserved, maintained, and kept in good Repair, enacts, That for Fourteen Years, from the 24th Day of July next following, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be paid by the Mailer of every Ship or Vessel which should unlade within the Haven of Great Yarmouth, or in the Place of the Sea called Yarmouth Road, extending from the South Part of the Town of,

in the County of Norfolk, to Uk North Part of the Town of Corton, in the County of Suffolk, for the like Goods as are enumerated in the said Act of 220 Car. lldl, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 12 as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgell'es, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Yarmouth, in Common-Council assembled, should from time to time order and appoint; with the like Powers of appointing Cclleftors and Receivers, and the same Provisions as to the collecting and paying the Money, as in the said former Act; and all the Powers of the Eight Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and

Suffolk, the City of Norwich, and the Town of Yarmouth, with the Manner of their Election, are therein renewed in the very same Words as in the Act of the 22d Car. II,ii, herein first-mentioned.

Another Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, provides, That the same Powers shall be vested in the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgell'es, Vol. 25.

and Commonalty, of the Borough of Yarmouth, as were Yarmouth given by the said Act of King James the Second, or in- Harbow. tended to be given, to the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the said Borough.

Another Act was made in the loth and nth Years of King William the Third, which, amongst other Things, lets forth, That the Haven and Piers of Yarmouth have been of late much more than heretofore, and ftiii continue, obstructed by Sands thrown up by the Sea, in such fort, as the Benefit accruing thereby must be wholly loft, if not prevented and preserved by daily clearing, repairing, and maintaining, the fame; the unavoidable Charge whereof being insupportableby the Inhabitants ofche said Borough, they had been from time to time aided and relieved by several successive Acts of Parliament; and that the Powers in the Act of the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, were well nigh determined and expired; and, unless revived and continued, the said Haven and Piers must inevitably fall soon into irreparable Decay, and the Harbour become inaccessible, to the great* Detriment of thel'e Kingdoms, Trade in general, and the utter Ruin and Impoverishing of the said Inhabitants and adjacent Counties; for preventing whereof, and to the end the said Haven and Piers might be cleared, maintained, and kept in good Repair, and preserved, and that the Chanel of that Part of the lliver leading from Great Yarmouth aforesaid, to the City of Norwich, called Bray-don, depthened, and made more navigable for Boats and Keels ul'ually passing the same; and Timber, and other Materials for that Purpose, provided and furmlhed from time to time, as Occasion should require; enacts, That, after the 24th ot July 1699, for 21 Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be paid by such Persons, in such Places, and for such Goods, as are mentioned in the said Act of K.ng James the lid, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 12 as the Bailiffs, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonaity, of the said Borough of Yarmouth, in Common-Council assembled, should from time to time order and appoint; and the Nomination of Collectors, and the Mu hod of collecting and receiving the said Duty, are the same as in the before-mentioned Act; and Twelve Commissioners, to be chosen in the same Manner as the Eight Commissioners by the former Act, or any Number of them (Five being of the Counties of Norfolk find Suffolk, and City of Norwich) had the same Power of inspecting the Accounts, examining the Receivers, and disposing of the Surplus, as the Eight Commissioners had by the before-mentioned Act; the Commissioners for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk to be chosen at the Quai ter-Sessions next after Epiphany; and they, and the Commissioners for the City of Norwich, within Six Weeks, or before the 10th Day of March, after such Nomination, andafier 14 Days Notice given to the Bailiffs of Great Yarmouth, in Writing, from any Two of the said Commissioners, were yearly to meet at Yarmouth, and put in Execution such Powers and Authorities as were therein given to them; but in case they, or any Five of them, did not meet for that Purpose, Power was given to the Corporation of Yarmouth to put in Execution the Powers given to the said Commissioners, and all other the Powers and Authorities of the said Act; and the said Corporation of Yarmouth was likewise impowered to place or displace Collectors, Receivers, Officers, Overseers, Workmen, or Labourers, employed in any Work relating to the Haven, Piers, and Chanel aforesaid; and to order Payment of Money for Materials, Workmen's Wages, or otherwise, for repairing and preserving the said Haven and Piers, and depthening the said Chanel; and also to inspect and take Account of the Receipts and Disburi'ements and call before them the Collectors, and others intruded with the Receipt or Employment of the Monies received; with Power to levy by Dilirefs such Sums as should be charged upon any of the Receivers who should be found in Arrear, or refuse to account; and the said Corporation was made answerable for the Money collected and paid into the Hands of any Receiver by them to be nominated.

4 K And

3° Jprilis. A. 1747.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

And the said Act impowers any Five of the Commissioners for Norfolk, Suffolk, and Norwich, upon Information, View, Examination, and good Advice, to be had and taken at any time during the Continuance of the Act, to erect any new Works that should be found necessary, by building 01* carrying further into the Sea the said Piers, or depthening the Haven, and to contract with skilful Persons for accomplishing the fame; and, upon Performance of such Contraft, todireft the Receivers to pay the Money contrafted for, out of the Duties arising by the Act, to such Persons as the said Commissioners should appoint.

And Power was given to the Commissioners to be nominated by the Corporation of Yarmouth, to vote and aft jointly, if they thought fit, with the other Commissioners appointed by the Act.

By another Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen, Importers of Coals into the Port of Yarmouth, which, amongst other Things alleges,

That the cleansing and depthening of the Rivers Tar, Wovenew, and the North Rive, in the County of Nor-

folk, which empty themselves at the said Town of Yarmouth, will very much contribute to the Bettering of the said Haven, Provision was made, That, out of the Duties imposed by the last mentioned Act, there should be paid yearly the Sum of £.60, to the Chamberlain of the City of Norwich, to be employed in the cleansing and depthening of the River between the new Mills in Norwich and Hardly Cross, in the County of Norfolk; and also a further Sum of £. 25 to a Person to be named by the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Norfolk, for cleansing and depthening the North River, so far as was then navigable, and also the like Sum of ^.25 yearly to a Person, to be appointed by the Justices of the Peace for Suffolk, for cleansing and depthening the River so far

as the same was then navigable; the First yearly Payment of which respective Sums was to be made upon the 24th of June 1707; at which time the Chamberlains of Yarmouth were, over and above the said £. 60, to pay to the Chamberlains of Norwich the Sum of 200 which they had expended in depthening the River between the new Mills in Norwich and Hardly Cross; and the said Sums were to be under the Direction and Disposition of the Corporation of Norwich, and the Justices of Norfolk and Suffolk, and were to be accounted for to the Twelve Commissioners appointed by the last mentioned Act to take Account of the Money laid out for repairing and maintaining the Haven and Piers of Yarmouth aforesaid.

By another Act, made in the 9th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, it was enacted, to the end the said Haven, Piers, and Jettees, on the North Side thereof, might be cleared, depthened, repaired, extended, maintained, and improved, and the Chanel called Braydon, the River Tar, between the new Mills in Nonvich and Hardly Cross in Hardly, and also the Rivers and Bure, might

be depthened, and made more navigable. That, from Lady-day 1723, and 21 Years, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be paid by every Ship or Vessel which should unlade in the said Haven, or in Yarmouth Road, extending from the South Part of the Town of Scratby to the North Part of the Town of Corton, for such Goods as were enumerated in the Act of the 9th and 10th of King William the Third, such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding 12 as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Bjtgh of Great Yarmouth, in Common-Council assembled, should from time to time order and appoint, for the Uses and Purposes therein after expressed; viz. a Sum, not exceeding Six Pence, towards clearing, depthening, repairing. extending, maintaining, and improving, the said Haven, Piers, and Jettees, as the said Corporation of Yarmouth should from time to time order and appoint; and Three Pence to be raised by the said Corporation, and to be yearly divided and paid in the Manner and Proportions following; viz. 1 \d. to the City of Norwich, to be applied for clearing and depthening such Part of the Chanel

of the said River Yare between the new Mills in and Hardly Cross aforesaid, and for such other Purposes as the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty, of the said City, in Common-Council assembled, should order and appoint; One Halfpeny to such Persons as should be yearly appointed by the Justices at the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Norfolk, to be applied in clearing and depthening the said River Bure, commonly called the North River, and for such other Purposes as the said Justices should order and appoint; and One Halfpeny to such Person as should be yearly appointed by the Justices at the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Suffolk, to be applied in clearing and depthening the River and for such other Purposes as the said Justices should order and appoint; and the other Halfpeny to such Person as the Corporation of Yarmouth should appoint, to be applied in repairing the Bridge and the publick Quays belonging to the said Corporation, and for such other Pur.-poses as the said Corporation should from time to time order and appoint: And the further Sum of Three Pence, or so much thereof as should from time to time bethought necessary to be raised by the Commissioners to be appointed by the said Act, was to be raised by the said Corporation, and to be applied, in the First place, for and towards the full and effectual clearing and depthening of the Chanel called Braydon, in such manner as by the said Twelve Commissioners, or any Seven of them, should be directed and appointed; and the Overplus (if any) of the said last mentioned Three Pence, or so much thereof as should be raised, as aforesaid, after the said Chanel of Braydon should be fully and effectually cleared and depthened, was yearly to be laid out and applied to such other Uses as the said Commissioners should yearly order and appoint; but the said last mentioned Three Pence was not to be raised without Notice in Writing, signed by Seven of the said Commissioners, being given to the Mayor of the said Borough of Yarmouth, from time to time, ;hat it was necessary to raise the said Three Pence, or some, and what, Part thereof, and for what Purposes; and the Justices of Peace for the County of Norfolk, at the Quarter-Sessions, yearly, out of the said Money payable for the said North River, might allot such Part as they should think convenient for the clearing and depthening of that Branch of the said River which leads from Bennett's Abby to Dilham, in the said County of Norfolk.

And to the Intent that all the Money collected by the said Act might be employed for repairing and improving the said Haven, Piers, and Jettees, and depthening the said Chanels, and for the other Purposes aforesaid, Twelve Commissioners were appointed by this Act to be chofon in like manner as the Commissioners appointed by the Act of the 10th and nth of King William the Third were chosen; and they had the same Powers, with regard to the Inspection and taking Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of all the Money to be collected (the aforesaid Three Pence, to be paid to the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, City of Norwich, and Borough of,

only excepted) and of disposing of the Surplus, as were given to the Twelve Commissioners by the Act of the 10th and nth of King William the Third.

And the Commissioners were to meet yearly, on or before the 20th Day of May, after Notice given to the Corporation of Yarmouth, as in the Act last mentioned, to put in Execution the Powers given to them by this Act; with the same Provision as in the last mentioned Act, that, if they the said Commissioners did not so meet, the Corporation of Yarmouth might execute the Powers given to the said Commissioners, and all the other Powers of this Act.

And the Corporation of Yarmouth had also the like Powers to place or displace Collectors, Receivers, Officers, Overseers, Workmen, or Labourers, as was given by the said Act of King William the Third, and to inspect the Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements, and to enforce the just Accounting of the said Receivers, as was given by the said Act of King William the Third; and Power was granted to the Commissioners of Yarmouth to vote

ao Geo. II. 3° Aprilis.

339

and net jointly, if they thought fit, with the other Commissioners.

And from the ill of November to the ift of March yearly, the Mayor if Yarmouth might appoint Persons to watch the Quays of the said Town, to prevent Accidents to the Ships in the Haven, cr to the Town, by Fire, for which every Ship in the Haven was to pay a Pcny per Ton.

And to the F.nd that a sufficient Sum might be raised to perform the Works directed to be done by the City of Norwich, and by the Ju(Vices for the County of Norfolk, Provision was made for borrowing a Sum of Money upon the Security of the said Three Halfpence and Halfpeny respectively granted to them, as aforesaid.

Then the Agent on behalf of the Petition of Yarmouth called,

Mr. Thomas JVelherhill, Water-bailiff of Yarmouth: Who produced an Account of Money arising by the Duties granted by the last mentioned Act, and how the same had been expended, extracted from the Books signed by the Commissioners appointed by the said Ac>: whereby it appears, that the whole Money collected by the Nine Pence granted by the said Act amounts to

£-35*7 J6- 4*-.

Out of wHich there appears to have been laid out in Repair of the Piers and Jettces, and deepening the Haven, ^.24,573. x ix- \i{d.

Paid to Norwich, for the t {d. allowed c- r. d.

by the Act - 5.511 9

The {d. to Norfolk 1.843 2 9*

The {d. to Suffolk ... 1.84.5 2 9*

The id. to Yarmouth 1.825 16 if

Balance due to the Account - 135 4 9\

There appears likewise to have been collected for depthening the Chanel of Bray Jon, in the Years 1724,

J7*5» 1729> 1736» 1737» »74°» *743» anc* >744. £.3,928. for. 5 \J.

Then Mr. Robert Ferrier, Town-Clerk of Yarmouth, produced Two Books, wherein are entered the Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements of Money raised by the said Act, for maintaining the Haven and Piers, and depthening the Chanel of Braydon, during the said Act; which Accounts appeared to be signed annually by a sufficient Number of Commissioners present at the auditing thereof, and by them allowed in the following Words: "We the under-written Commissioners have inspected " the Accounts of the preceding Year, ending at Mithaelmas last; and do find. That the Accountants are " Debtors to the Account £.675. 141. 1 id. on account " of the Haven and Piers; out of which we do order " the following Sums to be paid, being the several Proportions of £.1,618. ior. 7 the Net Duties raised " by the Haven and Pier Act, to be divided as fol- lows:

" To the City of Norwich, their

" Dividend of i % by virtue " of the said Act- - - 269 15 1

" To the County of Norfolk, their

" Dividend of [d. - - 89 18 4$

" To the County of Suffolk, their

" Dividend of \d.- - 89 18 4!

" To the Corporation of Yarmouth, their Dividend of 89 18 4

£ 539 10

" And that the remainingBalance, being£.i35.4J. 9 " be employed in clearing, maintaining, and improving, " the Haven and Piers of Yarmouth.

* We have also inspected the Accounts of the same " Year, ending at Michaelmas last, for Braydon-, and find, " That the Account is Debtor to the Accountants the " Sum of ir. ${d.

Vol. 25.

And we do find. That there is a Stock of £.600 old Yarmornk South-Sea Annuities, belonging to Braydon-, and we Harbour. " do order, that all the said Stock in South-Sea Annui- ties be fold, and that the Money which shall thereby " arise, belonging to Braydon, shall be immediately " applied and paid for and towards the full and effectual " Clearing and depthening the Chanel of that Part of " the River Yare, leading from Yarmouth to Norwich,

" codkd'Braydon."

Which Form appeared to have been followed (except as to the remaining Balance upon the Haven and Pier Account) throughout the other Entries, for the several Years during the said Term.

And it appearing by the said Entry, in One of the said Books, dated lath of March 1744 (which was the last Meeting of the Commissioners, pursuant to the said Act) That, upon stating the Accounts to the Michaelmas preceding, there was aBalance of£.i35. i.pr. yd.-, and that £.600 old South-Sea Annuities, belonging to Braydon, was ordered to be sold, and the Money to be applied towards the full and effectual clearing and depthening the Chanel of that Part of the River Tare, leading from Yarmouth to Norwich, called Braydon.

Mr. James Millifon was called; and, being examined as to the Expenditure of the £.koo said, That, of his own Knowledge, the whole£.600 was expended in depthening the Chanel of Braydon in the Year 1744; for that in that Year he was One of the Chamberlains of Yarmouth, and, together with the other Chamberlain, paid the Workmen employed in the said Works weekly out of that Money.

And Mr. James Ward, being examined as to the Balance of £.135. 14J. yd. said. That the same hath been brought to Account in the Books of the Corporation of Yarmouth; and that the Examinant had the Inspection of that Account, and, to the beftof his Remembrance, it was expended upon the Haven and Piers: That the Reason why the same is entered in the Books as a Balance due, is, because the Corporation of Yarmouth did not imagine that the Commissioners had Power to call them to Account, by reason of the Expiration of the Act, and therefore it was not entered in the Haven and Pier Book before the Committee.

Mr. Thomas fVetherhill was again called: And, being asked by what Means the Pier and Haven has been repaired since the Expiration of the last Act? said. That, by a voluntary Contribution of the Masters of Ships, he has collecteu 3d.per Ton of such as would pay; but that he always told them, that the Payment of it was not com-pulfive: That the said Contributions amounted to about £.300 per Annum, and was under the Management of Twelve Persons appointed by the Corporation of Yarmouth, some of whom were of the Corporation, and some Merchants of the Town, but not of the Body; and that the Accounts of the Money, so collected, are made up to Christmas last.

The other Evidence, produced on behalf of the Petition of the Town of Yarmouth, is as follows:

The laid Mr. James Millifon, Deputy-Master of Tri-

nity-house, and employed by them in laying the Buoys, and surveying the Sands, being examined, laid. That he hath known the Haven and Piers of Yarmouth above 30 Years: That in the Year 1744 he was Chamberlain, at which time the Piers were in as good Repair as they had been for many Years; but that the Haven, up at the Quays, was in a very indifferent Condition, and wanted to be dideled, that is, to have the Mud taken away by an Engine made use of for that Purpose: That the Depth of Water at the Entrance of the Haven, upon the Bar, was from Nine to Eleven Feet at High-water; which Bar, he said, sometimes lay 150 Fathom off from the Pier Heads, and sometimes shifts from the S. S. E. to the N. N. E. in different Chanels.

That the Winds, which blow from W.N.W. to N. W. scour the Manure away from the Bar, and make good Tides; but when they blow from the S. S. W. to S. W. they make the Bar very bad; and that any Wind blowing to the Southward of the West makes the Bar so

340

30 Jprilis.

A. 1747.

Yarmouth bad, that sometimes no Flood comes into the Ha-Harbour. yen.

That no great Depth of Water can be had at mouth, by reason that, as the Flood comes from the Northward, the Sand, called the Cockle , is dry, and as the Flood comes up, it meets with such Obstruction from that Sand, that it is Half-Flood before it comes over it; so that instead of going into Yarmouth Road, it paflea over a Sand called Scrooby.

That at present the Piers are but in indifferent Repair and the Haven was never in worse Condition, for Vessels drawing no more than Four Foot Water, can now scarce come up to the Quay; whereas, about Six or Seven Years ago, Ships drawing Eight or Ten Foot Water could come up close to the Quay, with all their Loading, which he imputes to the Manure brought down by, the Three Rivers, and which lodges in the Haven close to the Quay; that when the Engine before-mentioned worked, it answered the End intended; and had it continued working, the Witness apprehends the Haven would not have been in so bad a Condition; and that he believes the Working of it Two or Three Years would clear the Haven.

That the bed Method, in the Witness's Opinion, to remove the Bar at the Entrance of the Harbour, would be to make the South Pier so tight as to prevent the Water passing through it; by which means the Tide would have a true Course to scour the Manure away; and that he believed the Methods used by , for

repairing the Haven and Pier, have been the most effectual that could be used for that Purpose; though lately they have varied their Method, and endeavoured to make the Pier tight, by sinking Trunks full of Chalk, Robbifli, isV. between the Piles, to prevent the Water from running between them.

Being, cross-examined, he laid. That, at the Commencement of the last Act, he believes at high Water the Depth was from Nine to Eleven Feet; and that he believes if the North Pier was shortened, and the South Pier extended, it would be a great Help to the Clearing of the Bar.

Being asked, Whether, if the North Pier was shortened, and the South Pier extended, the South Pier would not be more exposed to the North-West Wind than it is at present ? he said, That it would; but that he did not conceive it would be in any Danger, because it must be built stronger, in Proportion to the Length.

Being also asked. Whether, if the Outsides and Sea-End of the South Pier were lined with Oak Plank, that would not prevent the Trunks, filled with Marl and Lime as before-mentioned, from being washed away ? he said. That it would be of Service; but could not say that he had ever heard, that that Method had been proposed.

Being further examined, he said. That the South Pier was tight, till the Badness of the Weather lately washed away the Trunks; so that the Water now goes between the Piles, to the great Prejudice of the Haven, and Detriment of the whole Pier, which will sometimes (hake, and when the Wind blows hard from North-weft to North-east, is in Danger of being wholly washed away.

That he believes, in the Year 1743, the Water ran through the Piles, and was then stopt, and continued in pretty good Order for Two Years; but has fiace broke out, and now continues to run through the fame.

Being asked, Whether, if the Pier and Haven were once effectual!v repaired and made good, they might not be kept so at a small Charge? he said. That, in his Opinion, the Pieis would always require a great deal of Money to keep them in Repair; for that very often Ships run against the Piles, and break them; morcefpe-cially in Gales of Wind, which, at several Times of the Year, blow great Holes in the Piers, so that the Manure is washed away from them, and that it would sometimes take a Month to repair them.

Being asked, Whether, if proper Works were erected, the Bar might not be made and kept so clear, that Ships of Burthen might go in and out of the Haven, with Sarety ? he answered in the Negative; and the Reason he 1 6

gave for that Answer was, That sometimes there were Eleven Feet Depth of Water upon the Bar, with North-weft Winds, and the next Day, if the Wind came to the South-east, the Manure would fill up the Harbour, so that there would not be Four Feet Depth of Water: That he believes a strong Back-water, if it could be procured, would be of Use, especially if the Haven was once cleared; but he does not think it possible to clear the Haven, but by the Engine; there being fb weak a Current of Water from the Rivers, that it was necessary to, keep the Rivers as clear as possible, to prevent the Manure from washing into the Haven j and that he has known the Freshesfrom the Three Rivers; when the Wind has blown Westerly, clear the Bar of Sand at the Haven's Mouth, in 48 Hours; which he attributes partly to the Freshes, and partly to the Westerly Wind.

Captain James Spurrell being examined, said, That he had been Master of a Veflc), using Yarmouth Trade, 2£ Years; that, at the Expiration of the last Act, the Piers and Haven were in pretty good Order, in comparison to what they are at present; and the Piers were in better Repair than he had known them for Twenty Years before; and the Haven was in better Condition than it had been for Five or Ten Years preceding: That there was then from Nine to Eleven Feet Dq>th of Water at Spring Tides, at the Mouth of the Haven, with an Off-Shore Wind; but that at present the greatest Depth of any Tide is but Eight or Nine Foot.

That whenever the Winds are Easterly, the Sands block up the Mouth of the Harbour, so that the Tides run through the Piers to the Southward; and the bed Method, in the Witness's Opinion, of procuring a better Entrance into the Haven, is to make the South Pier tight, which would scour the Harbour right out to Sea.

That the Haven at present is in a worse Condition that it has been fof 20 or 25 Years past; and that while the Engine was employed in scouring it. Ships could come up to the Quays; but that the same has not been worked these last Three or Four Years for Want of Money, as he apprehends.

Then being asked. Whether the said Engine was frequently used during the Continuance of the late Act of Parliament? he said, He had known it used for Two Years together, sometimes at Braydoti, and sometimes upon the Quays; and that he had known it lie still for a Year oc Two together.

"Being cross-examined, he said, That the Haven, according to his Belief, was ina better Condition in 1744, than it had been for Six or Seven Years preceding that Time; and that at that Time the Water did not run through the South Pier so much as at present, because there was a Bank of Sand thrown up at the Back of it, which set the Tide out truer to the Sea.

That if the Three Rivers are kept clean, the Waters of those Rivers, together with a Westerly Wind, would at all times greatly contribute to scour the Harbour more right to Sea.

The said Captain Spurrell being further examined, said. That during the Time the Watch was kept, called the Clapper-man, the same was of Utility in preventing Accidents by Fire on Board the Ships which lay in the Harbour.

No Person appearing on behalf of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Owners, Farmers, Merchants, Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Hundreds of East and West Flegg, Happing, Tunjlead, North and South'Erprhigham, Taver ham, Blofield, and IVa, in the County of

Norfolk;

The Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants, Landowners, Farmers, and others, of the County of Suffolk.

And Sir Yhomas Allen being examined, said, That the Bridge at Yarmouth wants a thorough Repair, and will require a large Sum for that Purpose; that a constant Expence is necessary to keep the River open,

by cutting the Rulhes, and carrying away the Mud; and that there are Shoals, which must be dideled every

Year

20 Gfio. II. 30 Aprilts*341

Year; the Charge of which Works will he more or less according to the Circumstances of the Scalons; that the said River was in a better Condition, whillt the late Act of Parliament fubfiiled. than it is now; becaull* a constant annual Sum of Money. amounting to between 70 and £.80, was, as he believed, laid out upon it; which Sum, the Witness thinks, was not more than necessary for those Purposes.

Captain Spurrglibeing also examined, as to the Condition of Yarmouth Bridge, saul, That it was very much out of Repair.

On behalf of the Petitioners, the Maybrv Sheriffs, Citizens, anti Commonalty, of the City of,

the following Evidence was produced:

In order to fivw the just Senfc which the Petitioners have of the Neccftity of repairing, improving, and maintaining, the said I lawn and Piers, and the Readiness of the Petitioners to concur with the Corporation of Great Yarmouth, in a joint Application to Parliament, for an Act for that Purpose, attested Copies of several Orders of the Assembly of Not with, ext rafted fr >in the Books of the said AflVml'ly, were produced; whereby it appeared, That the Petitioners had, in the Years 1740, 1741, 1744, and 1746, appointed Deputies, to meet other Deputies appointed by the Counties of and Suffolk, and

Burgh of Great Yarmouth, in order to receive and considerof Propofais for removing the Bar at the Entrance info the said Haven, and for doing whatever elle might be adjudged proper for amending the Haven, and rendering the Navigation thereinto more safe and easy; and also Dcputic' to conlult and agree upon the Frame of an Act of Parliament, for renewing the Act of the 9th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, le'ating to the said Haven and Piers j at One of whi-h Meetings, held upon the 9th and 10th of February 1740, Eight Gentlemen then present, 'viz. Two from Norfolk, Two from Suffolk, Two from Norwich, and Two from Yarmouth, vnanimously came to, and signed an, Agreement, upon viewing the Piers and Works at the Haven's Mouth, That it was necessary to make the Siuth Pier tight; and also, that it would be of Advantage if the said Pier was to be extended, in a circular manner, towards the North-east, and a Part of the North Pier taken up, to let in the Flood from the North; and likewise, that, at a Time when the Winds should make a Chanel out of the Haven, East into the Sea, it might be proper to fink an old Ship at the North-call Corner of the South Pier, pointing Northerly, to try by that Experiment how the Harbour would be afll-sted by projecting the South Pier in like manner; which Experiment the said Gentlemen dc-fired the Corporation of Yarmouth to carry into Execution, as fjon as conveniently could be.

AndaPaper, containingthe said Agreement, and signed as aforesaid, being produced;

William Clarke and Philip Meadows Esquires, Two of the Gentlemen who signed the said Agreement, were severally examined in relation thereto: Who laid, That Four Papers (One of which was the Paper produced) each containing the said Agreement, were signed by all the Gentlemen present; and that those for Yarmouth made not the least Difficulty in subscribing the said Papers; but that nothing was done by the Corporation of Yarmouth in consequence of this Agreement.

It further appeared from the said Extracts, That, at another Meeting of the said Gentlemen, upon the 7th of July 1741, a Scheme for the Purposes aforesaid was laid before them by Mr. John Grundy, of Spalding, in Lin-

tolnshire, which was approved of; but the Charge of carrying the said Scheme into Execution being estimated at £.5,000 and upwards, and it appearing that the Sums annually raised by the said Act, would not be sufficient to defray the said Expence, and the said Act being near expiring, the Gentlemen were of Opinion, that the Execution of the said Scheme should be iufjjended, till the said Act could be renewed; and they agreed to recommend to their several Constituents, that proper Persons might be by them respectively appointed for meeting, in order to apply to Parliament for a Renewal of the said Act,

Vo l. 25.

That, in consequence of this Recommendation, Four Deputies were appointed by the Assembly of the City of Norwich, upon the 15th of September 1741, to meet and treat with such as should be appointed on behalf of the Two Counties, and the Borough aforesaid, in relation to the renewing of the said Act of Parliament; the said Assembly declaring, that they would confirm whatever the said Deputies, or the major Part of them, should agree to, on the Part of the said City, with the Gentlemen of the Counties and Burgh aforesaid, in relation to the Renewal of the said Act.

And the said Mr. Clarke being again examined, said. That he was present at a Meeting of the Deputies, io appointed, upon the 7th of October 1741; when the following Minutes, for a Bill for clearing, depthening, extending, maintaining, altering, and improving, the said Haven and Piers, were agreed upon by all the Deputies present; viz.

That the Sum to be raised should not exceed 18 4 d.of which was to be laid out as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of Great Yarmouth, in Common-Council, should appoint and order, for the Benefit of the Haven and Piers, as in the Act then in being.

And 8d. or so much thereof as should, by the major Past of the Commissioners, be thought necessary to be raisix), was to be applied and paid for the like Purposes, as the mryor Part of the Commissioners should order and appoint.

3d. to be divided as followeth j viz. 1 \d. to Norwich,

} to Norfolk, £ to Suffolk, } to Bridges, Wr. of,

as in the said Act.

od. for Braydon, or so much thereof as the Commissioners should order, according to the said Act.

The 8 d.above-mentioned, and 3d. concerning Braydon. not to be raised, but when Notice in Writing* signed by the major Part of the Commissioners, should be given, as in the said Act, touching the 3d. to be raised for Braydon, is directed.

The Corporation of Yarmouth to appoint Collectors, Receivers, is'c.according to the Tenor of the said Act.

The said Act to be renewed for 25 Years; the Meeting to be on or before the 24th May yearly, and Payments to be made at the said Meeting.

The Witness further laid. That himself, and several other of the said Deputies, met again upon the 10th of December following, pursuant to their Adjourment; when a Draught of a Bill, agreeable to the said Minutes, was laid before them; which, after having been examined, and altered in some few Particulars not material, was agreed to, and signed by all the Deputies present.

And a Draught of the said Bill, to which the Names of Ten Persons are subscribed, being produced, and shewn to the Witncls, he declared, that he, as One of the Deputies for the County of , signed the said

Draught; and that he (aw the other Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, sign the same: That Two of the laid Persons were Deputies appointed by the County of Suffolk, Four by the City of Norwich, and Three by the Borough of Yarmouth; and that a Draught of the said Bill, signed as above, was delivered to the Deputies of each of the said Places.

Which Draught, after reciting the Necessity there was for repairing and preserving the said Haven and Piers, and for the Reaions recited in the last mentioned Act, proposed. That there should be paid, for 15 Years, by every Ship which should unlade within the Haven of Yarmouth, or in Yarmouth Road, for such Goods as are enumerated in the lad Act, such Sum not exceeding 18 as the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of

Yarmouth, in Common-Council assembled, should from time to time order and appoint; and that of the said Sum should be applied towards clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, altering, maintaining, and improving, the said Haven and Piers, under the Management and Direction of the Corporation of Yarmouth; and that id. or so much thereof as should be thought necessary by the Twelve Commissioners to be chosen as by the for-

4 S mer

Yarmouth

Harbour.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

341 30 Aprilis* A. 1747*

mer Act, should be raised, from time to time, and applied under their Direction, towards clearing, depthening, repairing, altering, amending, extending, maintaining, and improving, the said Haven and Piers; and that 3 should be paid to the City of Norwich, the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, and Town of Tar mouth, in the same Proportions, to be applied to such Purposes, and under the same Provisions, as are specified in the last Act; and also that $d. or so much thereof as should be thought necessary by the said Twelve Commissioners, should oc-cifionally be raised for Bray don, in such Manner, and under the same Provisions, as by the last mentioned Act was directed.

And it was also proposed, That the like Power of Inspection of Accounts of all Monies (except the 3d. paid to Norwich, Norfolk, Suffolk, and and the

Disposition of the Surplus, should be granted to the said Twelve Commissioners, in the Words of the last Act; which Commissioners were to be impowered to meet, as often as they should think necenujy, upon Notice, given to the Corporation of Yarmouth.

And the Borough of Yarmouth was to have the same Power, with regard to the Appointment of Collectors, and of displacing Officers, and inspecting Accounts, as by the last Act,

And the Approbation of the said Deputies, annexed to the said Draught, is in thele Words;

" 10 December 1741.

" We whole Names are subscribed, being appointed " by the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, City of Norwich, " and Burgh of Great Yarmouth, respectively, for forming a Draught of a Bill to be laid before the Parliamentjforand concerning the repairing and improving " the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, have this " Da)' met, perused, and considered of the Draught of " such Bill, in this Book contained, and do approve of " the Draught, as it stands now corrected."

The Witness being required to acquaint the Committee with the Reasons why Application was not made to Parliament, in pursuance of the said Agreement, said. That feme Gentlemen, who have Estates upon the North Ri- ver\ thinking that the Allowance of a Half-peny per Ton was not sufficient for the cleansing and depthening of that River, applied to the Deputies of the County of Norfolk (of whom the Witness was One) and acquainted them, That if a further Allowance was not made for the said River, they would oppose the Draught at the Quarter-Session: Whereupon it was agreed between the Deputies of the County of Norfolk, and the said Gentlemen, That, as the Boats going up the North River have no Passage over the Chanel of Braydon, the said Gentlemen should not be at any Expence about the same; but that when the Money for Braydon should be raised, they should be allowed a Half-peny of that Money, to be applied in the Clearing of the North River: That upon this express Condition, and not otherwise, the Bill was agreed to at the Sessions for the County of Norfolk; but that some Time after, he (the Witness) received a Letter from Mr. Ferrier, Town-Clerk of Yarmouth, dated the

11th of January 1741, wherein Mr. Ferrier acquaints him. That the (jlentlemen who were appointed a Committee to go to London, for getting the Haven and Pier Act pafietl, were not a little surprized, that, after Minutes had been signed, and a Draught of an Act approved by all Parties, a new Matter should be offered; and that they (the said Committee) desired him to acquaint the Witness, that it is their Opinion that the said Propoful would never be agreed to by Yarmouth; and that if any Obstruction should be put to the Palling of the Bill, in the Shape it then was, the Corporation would never again consent to a new Act on the like Terms (very many there being difliitisfied with what had been done); and that the Committee then desired the Witness to inform them, as soon as he could, whether the Bill, as it then flood, would be consented to at the Norfolk Sessions qr not; and that if it should nut, they said they should think themselves released from the Agreement they had made, as it was not to be doubted their Constituents would also. *7

That afterwards the Witness received another Letter-from Mr. Ferrier, dated the 11th of March 1741, acquainting him, That, at the Assembly of the said Corporation, he had the Day before read the Order made at the Jail Session for Norfolk, relating to the Haven and Pier Act; and that the Assembly would not come to any Determination thereabout; and had referred it to be considered at some succeeding Assembly: Upon which, the Witness said, the Affair dropt.

With regard to what was transacted at the other. Meetings of the Deputies of the said Four Places, since the Year 1741:

' Mr. Meadows being examined, said, That he was present at all the said Meetings, the First of which was upon the 13th of November 1744, the Second aboit Six Weeks after, and the last upon the 16th of January 1746; and that they all broke up without coming to any Agreement about an Application to Parliament, which was . the End of the said Meetings; because the Deputies for Yarmouthconstantly inlisted, That the said Corporation should have the Direction of the Application of the Six Pence per Ton, as they had under the former Act; alleging, as the Reason of such Demand, that lets than the said Sum would not besufficient to keep the Haven and Piers in Repair; whereas the Deputies for Norfolk and Norwich infilled, That Four Pence would be sufficient for that Purpose; the Quantum being the only Matter in Dispute between them.

Being asked, If any thing passed at any of those Meetings, in relation to the Eight Pence proposed to be raised by the Draught of the Bill before:mentioned ? he Lid, That the Commissioners for Norfolk and Norwich had agreed among themselves, that 8 d. more should be raised for Seven Years, provided the Majority of the Twelve Commissioners to be appointed should judge it necessary, for putting the Haven and Piers into immediate Repair; and that 2 d.more should be raised, during the Remainder of the Term, to be under the same Direction; but that nothing relating to this Matter passed at any of the said Meetings, as a Subject of Debate.

Being asked. Whether he apprehended that the giving of the uncontroulable Dispoficion of Six Pence per Tun, to the Corporation of Yarmouth, would have been attended with any ill Consequences ? he said, That both his Constituents and himself were of that Opinion; and that though they had consented to the giving of to be disposed of in that manner, yet it was because they found a joint Application could not goon without their making that Concession; and they thought That the lead; Evil of the Two.

Being further examined, he said. That he apprehended the Power of inspecting the Accounts only, given to the Commissioners by the last Act, to be, as far as regarded the Execution of the Works, no Power at all; because they only signed what appeared to them to be a true Balance; the Act having, as was conceived, expressly given the Direction of the Works to the Corporation of Yarmouth -, and that though he was far from thinking all which they did wrong, yet that, in general, the Manner of applying the Money under the said Act, was the Foundation of his Opinion, that the giving of the uncontroulable Disposition of the Money, to be raised by any future Act, would be attended with ill Consequences: And the Witness added. That he apprehended it would be better if the whole Money, to be raised by any fub-sequent Act, was to be under the Direction of the Commissioners at large.

Being asked. Whether, in case of any sudden Damage done to the Harbour by a Storm, or otherwise, the Commissioners at large could be of Service, in directing the Works necessary upon such an Emergency ? the Witness said, That he thought they might, because they might be summoned together in a lliortTime; and that in case of any such accidental Mischief, as afore-mentioned, if an Engineer, properiy authorized by the Commissioners, was upon the Spot, he (the Witness) thinks such Engineer would be at lead as able as the Corporation of Yarmouth to direct what might be proper to be dune.

This

2o Geo. II- 3® April343

This Evidence* as fiir as relatts to what paired at the frveral Meetings of the Deputies aforesaid and the Power claimed and exeiciled by the Corporation of Yarmouth., with regard to the Direction of the Works under the last Act of Parliament, was confirmed by Mr.; who,

as a further Proof of the Matter last mentioned, observed. That the Accounts, which were audited annually in were made up only to the Michaelmas preceding; and though there appeared upon the Face of the Account to be a large Balance in the Hands of the Payraafters of the Haven and Piers, appointed by the Corporation of mouth, yet the Commissioners for Yarmouth always declared, that the Balance dated in the Account was not in I land, having been chiefly expended between the Time of making up and auditing the Account; and that the Importation being fina.ll during the Winter Season, very little Money had been received in that intermediate Time.

Being asked the Region why the other Deputies refuted to agree to the Demand of Six Pence 'I'on, made

by the Deputies for Yarmouth ? he laid, he believed they were appre hen five that it would be as ineffectually applied as the former Six Pence had been under the late Act; and that their agreeing to veil Four Pence per Ton in the said Corporation, in the same manner as was done by the former Act, was aConceftion made by the said Deputies of the other Places, in order to obtain a joint Application to Parliament, and to prevent a Division; and moreover, that it was expected the Commissioners at large might be able to do some effectual Works to the Haven and Piers, with the Eight Pence then proposed; and that the Corporation of Yarmouth, with the Four Pence, might keep them in Repair; though that Sum would not be sufficient to do what was then wanted.

Being asked. Whether lb high a Duty as was proposed by the Bill before-mentioned, would not have lessened the Importation, and consequently have been detrimental to the Trade of the said Port? the Witness laid, 1 Ic believed it would not; and that the Citizens of were so fentibie of the Benefit which they should receive from the Repair of the said Haven, that they would very readily have acquieteed in the Duty proposed.

H i Ilia m Fellowes Esquire, said. He was present at Two of the said Meetings, and gave the Committee a like Account of what passed thereat, as had been given by Mr. Meadows and Mr. Clarke.

With regard to the Condition of the Haven and Piers, at the Expiration of thr late Act in the Year 1744:

Mr. Fellowes being again examined, said. That he was present at the settling of the Account in March 1744; and that the Gentlemen ot Yarftrenuously infilled. That £.600 the Balance of the Money raised for the Chanel of Braydon,(liould be laid out upon the Haven, which

they said was in a manner grown up with Sand and Mud; but that the Commissionirs for , and

Norwich, being of Opinion, that the Money then in Hand would not be more than sufficient to do the Works then nccell'ary to be done to the said Chanel of Bray Jon, did direct, that the £.(szo before-mentioned, with the

Intcrell, llioulu be applied in depthening and repairing the fame, accordin ' to the Directions of the Act of Parliament: And the Witness added. That he fitw the Haven at that time, and that it was very of Mud, and wanted didcling; but what the Condition c the Piers was he could nnt lay.

Mr. Clarks being examined to the same Matter, said. That, in March 1744, lie went down to the Haven's M mth, and that the tame appear 'd to be very much filled up, and the Piers to be in the same Condition as when he law them before, the Water running through the South Pier, whenever it was obstructed by the Bar from going out Halt to Sea.

And this Witness confirmed the Evidence before given by Mr. Fellowes, with regard to the Declaration of the Commissioners of Yarmouth, relating to the bad State of then" Haven, and the Demand made by them of Part of the Money appropriated lor the Chanel of Bray Jon,

VOL. 25.

and the Reason why the said Demand was not complied with.

Then in order to prove that above One-half of the Money to be raised by a Duty on Coals, and other Goods* imported into the said Haven, will be paid by the City and County of Norwich, an Account* extracted from the Haven Books of the Corporation of was pro-

duced, whereby it appeared, That the Sum of 20,682. 12s. it \d.was raised by the Six Pence per Ton, laid upon Goods imported into the said Haven, by the late Act of the 9th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the said Haven and Piers, from the Year 1726 to the Year 1744, inclusive, being Nineteen Years; and by another Account extracted out of the Audit Books belonging to the City of Norwic, it appeared. That the

Sum of £.9,176. i6j. $d. was raited between May 1726; and May 1745 inclusive, by a Duty of 4 a Ton laid upon all Goods brought up the Common River to the City of Norwich, by an Act, made in the 12 th Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Walls, Gates, and other public Works, and several Bridges, in and near the said City; to which Sum of £.9,176. i6r. $d. if the Half beadded to make it equal to the Dutyof 6 Ton raised upon Goods imported into the Haven of Yarmouth, by the said Act of the 9th Year of his late Majesty, it will then appear That the City of Norwich paid, in the said Nineteen Years, £. 13,7^5. 4. 7 $d.towards the Duty raised by the said Act; but it was admitted by the Agent for the Petitioners, that from the said Sum of 13,765. 4r. 7 Deduct ion was to be made of 30 per Annum, amounting in the said Nineteen Years to 570, paid pursuant to the said Act of the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, by the City of Norwich to the County of Norfolk, out of the said Duty of 4 d.for repairing several Bridges mentioned in the said Act; and also a further Sum, amounting, by Estimate, to about £. 500 being the Duty paid for Sea Sand brought to the City of Norwich, which did not pay at Yarmouth; which laid several Sums of £. 500 and £-S7° being deducted, it was infilled, on behalf of the Petitioners, That the City of Norwich paid, in the said Nineteen Years, towards the Repair of the said Haven and Piers, the Sum ofjf. 12,695. 4 7 which is considerably more than a Moiety of the said Sum of £. 20,682. 12;. 11 id.raised by the said Act for that Purpose.

The laid Mr. Clarke being examined, as to what Quantity of Goods pay the Norwich Tonnage-Duty, but do not pay the Yarmouth Haven-Duty, said, That the only Goods which pay the former, but do not pay the latter, are Corn, Timber, and Sea Sand; and that the Quantity of the Two first Species of Goods which comes by Water is very small; but that he could not l'peak particularly as to the last, though the Duty upon ic was generally estimated as above.

Being asked, From whence the neighbouring Towns to the City of Norwich, viz.JVymondham,

Old and New Buckuar, Difs, and Long Stretton, are furnished with Coals and other Goods ? he said. That in general those Towns which lie nearest to the City of Norwich, take their Goods from thence; but others, for whom it is more convenient, take them from the Staiths upon the Yarmouth River; and that some Parts of the County of Norfolk, arc supplied from the River Waveney.

Being asked. Whether the I which was paid to the City of Norwich, during the Continuance of the said Act: of Parliament, had been regularly laid out upon the Navigation of the River Yare? the Witness l'aid.That the Dif-

position of that Money was always under the Direction of a Committee of Four Aldermen and Four Common-Council Men, whose Accounts were audited annually by another Committee of Four Aldermen and Four Common-Council Men, who were appointed general Auditors of all the Accounts of the City; and that he (the Witness) had never been upon either of those Committees j but that he had heard, That when the Treasurer, to whom the said Money was paid, had a Surplus in his Hands, Part of it had been borrowed for other Purposes, by another* Treasurer, who remained Debtor till it was repaid; but

whether

Yarmouth

Harbour.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

344

3° April

A. 1747,

whether it was always repaid, or not, the Witness could

not lay.

M r. John Ewan, Deputy Town-Cleric of the said City, being examined to this Matter, said, That he had attended the Committee of the River and Streets; and had known Part of the said Money borrowed for publick Purposes; but could not say whether it was repaid or not.

And being asked, Whether the said Committee did not apply the said Moneyas well in paving the Streets as in clearing and depthening the River? he said. That the Charge of paving the Streets was generally defrayed out of the Money arising by the Tonnage Act.

The Agent for these Petitioners, having gone through what he had to offer in Support of their said Petition, acquainted the Committee, That, as the material Facts mentioned in the Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Exporters of Corn, and other Inhabitants of the City and County of Norwich, were of the same Nature with those dated in the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the said City; and as the said Petition of the Merchants and Inhabitants of Norwich, was intended principally to shew their Senseof the Matter in Dispute; he (the Agent) reded the Evidence with regard to thofeFadts upon what had been already offered, in Support of the Allegations contained in the Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the said City.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners of Yarmouth, in Reply, produced the following Evidence:

First, in order to explain what occasioned the Meeting of the Eight Deputies before mentioned,

Mr. James Ward being examined, fak\, That in the

C ‘735 1736

*737 *73«

I?

From Michaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas ,y^0

1741

1742 *743 ‘744

Year 1739 he remembered, that the great Frod and Eaderly Winds, which continued for near Three Months, occasioned a large Bank of Sand to be flung up before the Mouth of the Haven, during the Continuance whereof the Navigation was extremely hazardous; but that, in the Summer following, the Wederly Winds blew, which removed the said Bank, and Ships went in and out as usual, and upwards of 40,000 Chaldron of Coals were imported that Summer: That the following Winter was very severe; and, by Means of the Eaderly Wind?, the Entrance of the Haven was again blocked up with Sand; and, to the bed of the Witness's Remembrance, a Chanel was cut through the Bar by People belonging to the Haven and Piers, and the next Day, or the Day after. Ships which drew Seven or Eight Foot Water got over the Bar.

That in 1741, which Year he was Chamberlain, and had the Direction of the Works, the Sea had thrown up a large Bank of Sand Southwards of the South Pier, from which Time, till October 1744, he does not remember the Sea had any Passage through that Pier: That at the Expiration of 1744 that Bank remained, and be never knew the Navigation better than at that Time.

That he apprehends, that the Bank of Sand thrown up on the South Side of the South Pier in 1742, prevented the Water running through the Piers; and that from 1739 to 1742 the Water foinctimes did, and sometimesdid not, run through the Piers.

Then Mr. Thomas Wether hill produced the following Account of Coals and Merchandize imported at from Michaelmas 1734, to Michaelmas 1744; viz,

l anded at

Chaldrons. Tons. Chaldrons.

35,462 - - 8,115 - - - 7.3' 9

' 35.753 - -7,119 - - - 7>24*

33.657 - - 8,992 - - - 6,165

34.814 - - 8,796 - - - 7,123

31,62 6- - 8,299 " - - 6,128

42,216 - - 6,577 - - 9,181

33>8o‘ " - 9.4* - - - 6,571

34,960 - - 7,396 - - - 7»00 9

34,189 - - 6,581 - - - 6,398

3M58 - - 6,060 - - - 8,277

355»336 77.346 7*.4*3

77.346

432,682

With regard to the Manner of the Commissioners inspecting the Accounts:

Samuel Killet Esquire, being examined, laid. That the Books of Accounts, and Waite Book, relating to the Haven and Pier, were, if required, laid before the Commissioners; and that the Chamberlain of Yarmouth attended with the Vouchers, and when any Objection was made to any Article the j Bills have been produced; and that he (the Witness) remembers Books were once sent for from the Water-bailiff's Office, to clear up a Point in Dispute.

Being asked, Whether the Commissioners at large did any thing more in inspecting the Accounts than examine whether the Articles and Vouchers tallied in the Sums? he said. No.

Being asked, If the Money remaining as Balance in the Account was always in the Hands of the Receivers ? he answered. He could not say as to that: That the Accounts were made up in September, and audited in May, and the Money in Balance may have been broke into within that Interval of Time: And the Witness added. That the Money remaining as Balance is laid out by the Authority of the Corporation of Yarmouth.

Then, in order to shew how much the Shipping and Trade of Yarmouth interests the said Town in their preferring and maintaining the said Haven and Pier,

20

Mr. Isaac Poulfon, an Officer of the Customs in the said

Town, being examined, said, That the Number of Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Town, as appears by the Books of his Office, is 248.

That the City of Norwich, and the adjacent Country, buy all their Coals from Yarmou, and generally at the Quay; which Coals, before, they are so bought, are the Property ,of the Inhabitants of Yarmouth.

That from Christmas 1745, to Christmas 1746, the Quantity of Corn exported from Yarmouth amounted to 61,292 Quarters; and the Quantity of Malt exported amounted to 166,449 Quarters; Nineteen Parts in Twenty of which, he laid, he believes is malted by the Inhabitants of the said Town.

That the Quantity of Herrings cured at and exported, amounts to about 50,000 Barrels annually; which employ 40 or 50 Sail of Ships.

That he does not know of any Ships that belong to the Inhabitants of Norwich: That the Tonnage of the Norwich Manufactures exported from amounted

the last Year to 241 Ton 700 Weight; all which would not have laden more than three Ships.

That the Number of Ships cleared outwards last Year was 568, and the Number inwards was 87.

That the Number of Vessels employed in the Fishing Season, he believes, is 150 or 160.

Being

Great Fr* gmore Sale of Lands.

Ktifield W tola re.

Moore's

Estatef.

Talbot's

EiUtc.

Gwillym's

Mates.

20 Geo. II. 3° — €

Being further examined, he said. That the Corn exported and Corn malted is the Produce of the neighbouring Counties, but is afterwards the Property of the Town of Yafmouth.

That lie docs not knowthe Value of the Norwich Silk, and worsted Goods, exported annually from Yarmouth.

And he added, That the Profits of Owners of Ships at Yarmouth are generally reputed to amount to no mere than One per Cent.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and alto for preferring Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire: And that the Lord do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Win ford have Leave to make a

Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting tire capital Messuage, called Great Frog-more, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, deviled by the Will of Mary late Duchels of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be Ibid.for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson have Leave to make a Motion:

And he mo veil the House accordingly: And,

An ingroif-d Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Mary Stillington, Widow, to execute a Power veiled in Joseph Stillington Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, for railing Money to complete the In-dofure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor of, Kelfield, in the County of York, was read

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilks have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in the Counties of Sufex, Surry, and Stafford, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, upon his settling other Lands of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 6° di

Anno 20® Georgii II'1' Regis, 1747.

PRA Y£K5.

MR. Comewall reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Monmouth, Hereford, and Gloucester, of Robert Gwil/ym Ef-

quire, and Robert Gwi/Jvm, his Son. for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for settling in lieu thereofother Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Vou 25.

Aprilis. 345

Lane after; and for Other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill, in the said County.

Ordered, That Mr. Comewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, through Yarm, in the said County, to and through Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catherick Bridge, in the County of York, to in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through Sedgefteld, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates of Thomas Roll Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for railing Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Debts; and for securing an Equivalent in respect of the settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit of his Wife and Infant Son, and for the providing Portions for his Daughters: and for other Purposes: was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord plin, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Thomas Newnham, Mr; Fane, Mr. Mr. Wilson, Sir

Thomas Drury, Mr. Willes, Mr. Wynne, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Gray, Sir Charles , Sir Edmund

Thomas, Sir John Gordon, Colonel Rowlett, Sir Nathanael Curxott, Mr. Gybbott, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Hay, Mr. Neale, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Hales, Sir James ther, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Jetty ns. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Pratt, Lord Carpenter, General Oglethorpe, Captain Gough, Mr. Lambe, Lord Geo.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln, Hertford, Bedford, Norfolk, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambet.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of William Mitchell, and other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates, in the several

Counties of Huntingdon, Surry,

Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their Mi-

norities: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for layinga Duty of Two Peny Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within

4 T the

Cirencester

Road.

Catherick

Bridge

Road.

Roll'.

Estate*.

Mitchell'®

Estates.

BrunrifUnd

Harbour,

tec.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Foreign

Protestanti

Nat.

Union of Salvator and Leonard Colleges.

Frauds in Admeasurement of Coals.

Expiring

Laws.

346 6° Aprilis. A. 1747.

the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for in-

creasing the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Oswald do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for better feeuring the Payment of such Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, as are granted to t he Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for granting to the said Hospital the Shares of Run Men in all Prizes taken from the Enemy; and for preventing Pensioners, and others, fromembezzling the Goods and Stores of the said Hospital; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for better feeuring the Payment of Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Stores belonging to the said Hospital.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreignProtestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants whoconfcientioully scruple the Taking of an Oath: And that Major-General Oglethorpe, the Lord and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Scot presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for uniting the Two Colleges of St. Salvator and St. Leonard, in the University of St. Andrews, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose: And the feme was received.

A Motion being made, That the said Bill be read the First time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ellis presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Laticaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew ,as

lies in the County of Middlesex-, and to indemnify Persons, who haveafted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are lit to be revived, or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the *7

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; And the Resolutions of the Committee are as followeth, viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; and for repealing lb much of an Act, made in the 8 th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, as impowers the limiting the Prices of Books, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Britain (which was to continue in Force, from the 29th Day of September 1739, for the Space of Seven Years, anti from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Weirs upon the River of Thames, West-ward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-Carriage upon the said River (which was to continue in F ree, from the First Day of May 1730, for the Term of Nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1747) is near expiring, and fit ro be continued.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better feeuring the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies-, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions (which was to continue in Force, from the First Day of May 1732, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which was, by an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, further continued till the First Day of June 1747) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting Liberty to carry itice from his Majesty's Province of Carolina in America, directly to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape Finisterre in Ships built in and belonging to Great Britain, and navigated according to Law (which was to continue in Force for Five Years, from the 29th Day of September 1730, and from therce to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and a!so an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the said Act until the 29th Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and for extending that Liberty to his Majesty's Province of Georgia in;

and also an Act, made in the 15th Y'ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing the said Act, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session

20 Geo. II.

6° Aprilis.

fion of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act:, made in the toth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the F.nd of the then next Session of Parliament) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act againstclan-<lestine Running of uncustomed Goods; and for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs; as relates to such foreign Goods; Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship, Vessel, or Boat; and so much of the said Act as relates to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships; and so much of the said Act as provides further Remedies against relanding Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas; and so much of the said Act as relates to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board Ships outward-bound; and lo much of the said Act as relates to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burden of Fifty Tons, or under; and so much of the said Act as concerns the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported; and io much of the said Act as relates to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the least; and so much of the said Act as relates to Certificate Goods entered, in order to be exported to Ireland (which laid several Clauses, contained in the Act aforesaid, were to continue in Force for Three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament respectively; and, by an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration of the several and respective Terms therein mentioned, for the further Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act, made in the 8 th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 29th Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses, by an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747,a,*d from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the 8 th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manuf\dtures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Bcavcr-skins, Pepper, Mace, Clove?, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suit brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit, relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported (which were to continue in Force

Vol 25.

347

for Three Years, from the 2 3 th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act, made in the 1 tth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and, by another Act, made in the 2d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued until the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two last Clauses in an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for continuing some Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned) for more effectually preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with Stuffs to be exported (which Clauses were, by an Act, made in the 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in Force to the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infedlion thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine; and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject (which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarantine) by an Act, made in the 11th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships or Vessels to perform Quarantine) was, by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of 1734,

and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the 29th Day of September 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which Act (except the Clause obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was, by another Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, further continued until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act ,made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Revival of an Act, made in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the free Importation of Cochineal during the time therein limited, and also for the free Importation of Indico (which

was

Expiring

Laws.

A. 1747

Expiring

Laws.

Committees.

Wtys and

Mitchell'*

Mates.

6° — 70 Jprihs.

was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of 1734, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747* and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer) is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The four First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fifth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The Sixth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ThcSeventh and Eighth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were postponed.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in, pursuant to the First, Second, Third, Fourth, Sixth, Ninth, and Tenth, Resolutions of the said Committee, which have been agreed to by the House: And that Sir John Mr. Gough, Sir Thomas DrurySir William , and

Sir Wm. Yonge, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider the several Acts and Clauses mentioned in the other Resolutions of the said Committee which have been postponed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Faneallb acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Four of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of William Mitchell, and other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates, in the several Counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Cambridge,

Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their Minorities, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is 70 die Aprilis \

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Great Frog.

for vesting the capital Messuage called Great Frog-more, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, deviled by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. worih, Mr. Willes, Mr. Ord, Mr. Fere, Sir John Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Carew, Mr. Laroche. Mr. Yottng, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Gray, Sir John Chapman, Mr. Lambtm, Mr.

Tempest, Lord George Beauc/erk, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Brookjbank, Lord Middlesex, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Winford, Sir Thomas Hales, General Onslow, Mr. Montagu, Mr. PhiHipfonMr. and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Berks,

Bucks, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act M-wnr* for Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Stafford, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Charles Montagu, Mr. George Montagu, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Roger Burgoyne, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. George Wright, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Dou. Mr. Lord Guernsey, Mr. Nicholas Herbert, Sir William Mr. Brereton, Mr. Richard Grenville, Mr. Grenville,

Lord Strange, Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Gage, Lord Inchhptin, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. John Pitt, Sir John Cust, Mr. Charles Hamilton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Metcalfe,

Mr. Gage, Lord Charles Hay, Lord Luxborough, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. , Mr. Berkeley,

Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Noel, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Lvmley, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Win-ford, Mr. Brookjbank, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Wodehouse, Mr. Dawkins, Mr. Carew, Mr. Compton,

Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Bootle, Mr. Foley, Mr. Leslie,

Sir Edmund Ifham, Sir Francis Poole; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Suffix, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oaltelev's for railing Money out of the settled Estates of Richard EAates. Oakeley Esquire, in the Counties of Salop and Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for providing a Recompence for the fame, in such manner as is therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord -ham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Owen, Mr. Hay, Dr.

Cotes, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Humfrey, Lord Dupplin, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Leslie,

Mr Ntwnham, Mr. Hedworth, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Drake, Mr. Winford, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Willes,

Sir Watkin Wms. Wynn, Dr. Newland, Sir Edmund Mr. Grenville, Mr. Proby, Mr. Foley, Sir Francis -

wood. Sir John Cust, Lord Perceval, Mr. Brookjbank,

Sir Richard Lloyde, Mr. Carew, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon, Salop, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colemore* to impower Anne Colemore, Widow, and her Assigns, du- Leafing, ring the Life of Thomas Colemore, Merchant, to make Building Leases of Lands in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Laroche, Mr. Hay, Mr. Martin, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr.

Wynn,

ao Geo. II. 7° Aprils.

349

Wynn, Mr. Muffenden, Mr. Mr. Levinz, Mr.

iMfcelles, Mr. Steele, Mr. Newnham, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. . Wilkinson, Lord , Ix>rd Sir

John Cujl, Mr. Bance, Mr. Sir Edmund

mas, Mr. Page, Mr. Hawkins Mr. , Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Monjbn, Mr. Thomas Newnham, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Frank land, Mr. , Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Wiles, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cope, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ord, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. Hedxvorth, Mr. Drakes, Sir Francis wood, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bottles, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Proby, and all the Members who forve for the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Prise Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Agents. indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by l,aw; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. George Grenville and Mr. Legge do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Support of A Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and dif-«Htabled Sea- abled Seamen) and the Widows and Children of such as mam, Ilc. |ti||cjj fla'm, or drowned, in the Merchants Ser-

vice, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kdfield An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act lackdure. to impower Mary S/illington, Widow, to execute a Power veiled in Joseph Stillington Esquire, her late Husband, deccai'ed, lor railing Money to complete the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor of Ke('field, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. son, Mr. Ofbaldeflon, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Frankiand, Mr. Ellis, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Gordon, Mr. White, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Cope, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Mr. Hedworth,

Air. Charlton, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr.

Legh, Mr. Cornett all, Mr. Sir Francis Poole, Sir Ludovick Grant; and all the Members who servefor the Counties of Fork, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Samfarooke'i Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inrituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Elizabeth Sambrooke and Diana Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke, their Siller, in making Building Lcalcs of divers Houses and Tenements in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Confont to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Insolvent Mr. Gnrwpresented to the H'mfe, according to Order, Debtor*, a Bill for the Belief of insolvent Debtors: And the same was received; and read the Full time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

and Robert Gwr7/yw, hisSon, fordischargingIncumbninces aflfefting the fame; and for settling in lieu thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of and for other Purposos therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agr ed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Attorney-General prefonted to the House, accord- Scotch ing to Order, a Bill for taking away and abolishing the htretable heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for rcfloring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete: And the same was received.

A Motion being made. That the said Bill be read the First time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-poled, That the said Bill be read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the 18th Act of the Third Parliament of King Charles the Second, made in Scotland, September 16, 1681, intituled, " Act asserting his Majesty's Prerogative in point of Jurisdiction;" and that so much of the " Articles of Grievance represented " by the Estates of the Kingdom of Scotland to the King's most Excellent Majesty, to be redrefl'ed in Parliament,"

13 April 1689, as represents that the said Act of Parliament 1681, declaring a cumulative Jurisdiction is a Grievance; and also that the 18th and 20th Articles of the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland; might be read:

And the same were read accordingly:

Then the Question being put, That the said B 1 be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for. I,

Teller, for the NoeJ "r'

I Mr. Car no:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a

upon this Day Sevennight.

99.

74-

Second time

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 19th Day of Call of the February last, for further adjourning the Call of the House. House to that Day Two Months, be discharged.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Thursday Three Weeks, the 30th Day of this instant April.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be font for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the foveral Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of this Houfo upon Thursday Three Weeks, the 30th Day of this instant April.

The Order of the Day being read j

Ordered, That the Report f rom the Committee of the w*v» whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further n«l of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Cwiltym'a An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

tflun. for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Hereford, Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Monmouth, and Gloucester, of Robert Gwillym Esquire,

Vol. 25. 4 U

Wednfciffc'd

Chapel.

Norwich

Shire-halL

Wymondkan

Roads.

Relief in respect to Title Deeds destroyed by Scorch Rebels.

Servants

Wiges.

Kemeys' £ hates.

Sambrooke's

Estate.

Talbot's

Merc uni, 8° Aprilis;

Anno 20° Georgii II(li Regis, 1747. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edward's:

Mr. Speaker,

the Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for founding and building a Chapel at , in

the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of

without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for holding the Summer Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be built for the said County of Norfolk; and for building a new Shire-house on the Castle Hill, in the same County j and for railing Money on the said County for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleboro, and from ham to Hetherset, and from the Mouth of Wigmore-lane to

Hall Walk Gate in Attleborough, in the county of ;

and for amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and making the said Acts more effectual; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in th&t Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whole Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

; A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery, of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain E(fates in Tewin and Datchworth, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Jane, Anne, , and Susanna Awdrey Kemeys, Infants, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by their Trustees for that Purpose: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the I.ord6, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardians of Elizabeth Sambrooke and Diana Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary Sambrooke, rheir Sifter, in making Building Leases of divers Houses and Tenements in the County of Middlesext was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uies of his Marriage Settlement, upon his settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the fanrte Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger Bnrgoyne, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Tyner, Sir John R.amfden, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lumley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Jeaffrcfon, Lord Perceval, Mr. Cope, Mr. Finch, Lord 16

its. . 17471

George Sackville, Lord Luxborbtlg Mr. Lewis, Sir Richard Corbett, Mr. McKenzie, Mr. M'Kye, Mr.

Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hales, Sir Lifter Mr. Compton, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Humfrey, Lord;

and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Warwick and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon alt-Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in Tewin and Datchworth, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Jane, jlnne, and Susanna Awdrey Kemeys, Infants, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by their Trustees for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kemcvs

Estate*.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, from and after the 24th Day of June 1747, the Sum of Five Pounds yearly shall be paid to his Majesty, for a Licence to be taken out yearly by every Distiller who shall vend, barter, or utter, any spirituous Liquors by Retail, in less Quantity than Two Gallons, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, or Weekly Bills of Mortality.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Resolution, reported upon the 26 th Day of March last, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the several Distillers within the Cities of Westminster, Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality,-whole Names arc thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others exercising the Distilling Trade, which Resolution was then agreed to by the House;. he now read:

And the said Resolution was read accordingly j and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the several Distillers within the Cities " of London and Westminster, Borough of Southwark, or " Weekly Bills of Mortality, be permitted to take out " Licences, with a Duty payable thereupon, for retailing " spirituous Liquors in their own publick Shops only;

" and that they be restrained from suffering any Persons " to drink or tipple in their Shops, or other Places to

them belonging."

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Scrope, Mr. West, and Mr. Carew, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Garrard's vacating a Writing purporting a Will, and also certain Will. Deeds executed by Thomas Garrard the elder, Esquine, deceased; and for making a new Settlement and D;fpo-fition of his real and personal Estate, at the Desire, and with the Consent, of his Six Sons: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- s*'tpp$ night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confader/urther of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Major-

j.

Foreign Pro tc Hants Nat.

Gkmceftce, *c. Aoads.

20 Gfio. II. 8? — 9tf

Major-General Oglethorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who confcicntioufl/ temple ‘the Taking of an Oath: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Major-General Oglethorpe have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock: And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The salt! Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 90 die;

Anno 20* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747.

Pit ATZRS.

ly TR. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom l.v A the Petition of several of the Trustees, whole hTames are thereunto subscribed, appointed to nut in Execution an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his hte Majesty King George the Firrt, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford; and also the Petition of the Freeholders, Landholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes or Hamlets of Hingham, Rudford, and Newent, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Petition of several of the Freeholders, Land-owners, and other the Inhabitants, of St.Mary

de Load, Hartpwry, and Corse, in the County of Gloucester, and of divers other of the Parishes lying near to the same Parishes, as also divers of the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester -, and all") the Petition of the several Freeholders and Landholders lying on or near the Roads leading through the Parishes of , Harpury, and

Corse, in' the County of Gloucester -, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegationsof thefirft-nientionedPctition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced to your Committee, an Act, of the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of cester to the City of Hereford; whereby it appeared, That several Tolls and Powers were given and granted for the Repair of the Roads mentioned in the Petition; which Tolls and Powers were to take place, and have Continuance, from the 24-th of June 1726, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and the Inhabitants of are,

by the said Act, declared not to be liable to the Payment of the Tolls therein mentioned.

Then Mr- I VII'.iam Jones, being examined, said, That the Roads, directed to be repaired by the said Act, were of very great Extent, being upwards of Thirty Miles long, and, at the time of the Commencement of the said Act, very much out of Rtpair: That, in pursuance of a Power granted to the CommitTinners,.the Sum of^.2,oco was borrowed, upon the Credit of the fuel Tolls, soon alter the Commencement of the Act, great Part of which has been since paid off; and that the I roduce of the Tolls arising at the Turnpikes have been duly applied 'towards the amending and keeping in Uepair the said Roads, which are very much frequented by heavy Carriages, and in general are in a deep miry Soil: and that it will be importable to put the said Roads in sufficient Repair, or to VoL. 25.

jtprilis. 35I

repay the Money now due upon the Credit of the said Afl; during the subsistingTerm thereof; and that the Statute-work is inefficient to keep the said Roads in Repair.

Mr. Edward Driver, Clerk to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act, confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Jones: And added, That the Tolls were farmed out at the annual Rent of £.410: That great Part of the originally borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, has been discharged, so that there now remains no more than £.201. o s.§d. due thereon: That £.200 and upwards, has of late Years been annually expended in the Repair of the said Roads; and the Remainder has been constantly applied towards the Discharge of the said Debt: As a further Confirmation of which,

Mr. James Launder, Receiver of the Tolls, produced to your Committee, an Account of the Produce and Disbursements of the said Tolls for the last Six Years; viz. from the 24th of June 1740, to the 25th of May 1747; whereby it appeared, That the Witness was Debtor to the Trust the Sum of £.184. 151. which Balance remained in his Hands; but the Witness said. There were several Accounts' yet unliquidated; and that he apprehended there were several Sums of Money due to the Surveyors, which were to be made good out of the said Sum of £.184. 15/. 6{d.so remaining in his Hand.

The Witness being further examined as to the Proportion of the Tolls collected at the several Turnpikes, said. That the Maifmore Turnpike produced annually One-third Part of the whole Tolls arising from the said Act, or thereabouts: That the Newnham Road produces annuall not more, if so much as /.30 a Year; and that the rest of the Money arose from the Huntley and Newent Roads, in equal Proportions.

That £-277. icr. \d. had been expended, during the last Six Years, on the Repair of the Newnham Road, over and besides a Share of the Sum of£.745. 1 4

Your Committee then proceeded to exajnine as to the Condition of the Roads beginning at the Parish of Huntley at the Hand or Cross near the fVcod End Farm, where the Ross and Monmouth Roads separate, and leading towards Mitchell Dean, through Part of the said Parish of Huntley, and through the Parishes of and

hall, in the said County:

And William Dowdeswell a Esquires

severally laid, That the said Road is in a very ruinous Condition, and particularly between Huntley and Abenhall, is almost impartible for Coaches and Wheel Carriages; nor is it pofnble, as the Witnesses apprehend, effectually to amend it by the Laws now in being.

John Probyn Esquire confirmed the Evidence given by the Two last mentioned Witnesses: and added. That one principal Reason why the said Roads are in so ruinous a Condition, and what makes it impracticable to repair them by the ordinary Course of Law, is, that, by the Act of the 12th of George the First, Two-thirds of the Statute-labour, or Four DaysWork out of Six, are directed to be applied towards the Repair of the Turnpike Road appointed to be amended by that Act; so that only Two Days Work remains to be done on the Road leading from Huntley to Mitchell Dean, and all the other By-Roads in the several Parishes through which the said Road leads.

The Committee then proceeded to examine into that Part of the Petition which prays, That the Parishes of Maifmore, Harpbury, and Corse, may be excepted out of the intended Act:

And Mr. Henry Clark said, That he was particularly well acquainted with the Road in the said Parishes of Maifmore, Harpbury, Afttleworthand Corse, which is about Three Miles in Length; 3,480 Yards in the

Parish of Maifmore, 2,890 Yards in Harpbury, 290 Yards \n'Afttleworth, and 53 in Corse:That Materials proper for repairing the said Roads, such as Gravel, Stone, and Sand, are to be found, in the several Parishes, at a very small Distance from the said Road: That the worst Part of the Road is the 3,480 Yards in the Parish of Maifmore, which is very bad; but that the Witness apprehends.

352 Aprilis. A. 1747

Gloucester, hends, if the Parishioners of were to perform

fcc. Hoad». tiiejr Statute-work on that Part of the Turnpike Road, it might be effectually repaired, since there are 15 Teams in the Parish; and, if the several Parishes of

Ashlcworth, and Corse, were to perform their Statute-work, their Part of the T urnpike Road would, if possible, be better than any Turnpike Road in England.

And the Witness, being asked if the several Parishes he mentioned would be able at the same time to repair their By-Roads, as well as the Turnpike Road? laid, That he was not so well acquainted with the By-Roads in the rest of the Parishes as in that of , where he was an Inhabitant, and had been Surveyor of the Highways; but he apprehended, the Inhabitants of Corse would be able to amend their By-Roads also; and that none of the Money arising by the Turnpike had been laid out upon the said Road since the Witness came into that Part of the Country, which is Six Years ago: That the Soil of the Turnpike Road is a strong Clay, and in so bad a Condition as to be dangerous for Carriages.

And being asked, if there were not some Quicklands in that Part of the Road? he said. There were One or Two of about too Yards Extent in Maifmore Fields.

Being further asked, if all the Money collected at il JaifmoreTurnpike was directed to be laid out on the

Repair of that Road only, such a Regulation would not be agreeable to the Inhabitants of the several Parishes? he said. He believed, even in that Cafe, the Parishioners would rather amend their Roads themselves, since it would be impossible to lay out all the Money arising the re on the Repair of those Roads: That it cost the Witness him-lelf, as he computed it, about Ten Shillings a Year to pass and repass through the Turnpike, and, in proportion, he imagined it must cost the Parish of £.30 a Year; whereas 5 os.a Year laid out on the said Road would be sufficient to make it good, and to preserve it fb.

Jonathan Taylor confirmed the Evidence given by Henry Clark, as to the Extent and Condition of the Road: And added, That there had not been any Statute-work done upon that Part of the Turnpike Road for Fifteen or Sixteen Years; nor had any Money, arising from the Turnpike, been laid out thereon for Fourteen Years last past: That there are Materials, proper for the Repair of the said Road, in the several Parishes of , and

Corse, and also Stone in the Parish of , if the

Inhabitants would be at the Trouble of getting it.

And the Witness added. That the Statute-work had been done on the By-Roads, and no Part thereof on the Turnpike Roads in the Parish of ,yet such By-

Roads are but in indifferent Repair.

Mr. William Jones, bfing again examined as to this particular Fadl, said. That the Road from Maifmore to The King's Standing, at Corse, consists of a rotten, foun-dcrous Soil; and, though all the Parishes were to perform their Statute-labour upon that Road, the Witness apprehends it would be insufficient to keep the same in any tolerable Repair; and, in that Cafe, all the By-Roads in the said several Parishes, which are very considerable, must be totally neglected.

And the Witness being asked, what Reason wasassigned for the excepting the Parish of Maifmore from the Payment of the Tolls granted by the Act of the 12th of his late Majesty ? laid. That the Reason, as he apprehended, was, because the Inhabitants of the said Parish did, some few Years before the Commencement of the said Act, at their own Expence, raise a causey from Overs Bridge to Maifmore Bridge, being upwards of a Mile in Length, in the great Road between Gloucester and and did

also at the same time settle and convey some Pasture or Meadow Lands, taken out of the common Grounds of their said Parish, of about the Value of £. 20 a Year, for the perpetual Repair of the said Cautey.

Nicholas Hyatt Esquire confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Jones, as to the Statute-work, and the Reason heassigned for the Exception of the Inhabitants of Maifmore.

And William Dowdeszuell and John Teate Esquires fe* verally said. That the last mentioned Road is very much

out of Repair, and, in their Opinions, cannot be amended without the Assistance of a Turnpike: And the Witnesses severally said, That they apprehended, that, if the Turnpike Road were extended to the Confines of the County of Gloucester, or, as near as can be, to meet the Ledbury Turnpike, it would be very agreeable to the Inhabitants of that Part of the Country.

And several Members, present at the Committee, declared, upon their own Knowledge, That the last mentioned Road was in a very ruinous Condition, and extremely dangerous for Wheel-Carriages.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Matter of the Petition of the Freeholders, Landholders, and other the Inhabitants, of the several Parishes or Hamlets of Highnam, Rudford, and Nezveut, in the County of Gloucester:

In Support of the Allegations whereof, the aforesaid Act, of the 12th of his late Majesty, was read:

And Mr. James Launder, being again examined as to the Produce of the Tolls on the Road, and the

Money laid out in the Repairs thereof, said. That the T urnpike was lett at £.410 a Year; One Third of which, being £. 156. 13J. 4 d.was produced by the Maifmore Turnpike: That he believed the Neivnham Turnpike did not produce more than £. 30 a Year (if so much) other Part of the said £. 410; and that £ 243. 6s. 8 the Residue of the said £. 410 was the Produce, as near as the Witness could compute, of the Huntley and Nezvent Roads, which he believed the said Roads produced nearly in equal Moieties, being £. 121. 131. 4 each Road.

And as to the Manner in which the said Sums, received for Six Years and Three Quarters, to the 20th of March 174*7, have been laid out in the Repairs of the said Roads, he referred himself to the Paper which is before stated in his Evidence on the former Petition.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition of several of the Freeholders, Land-owners, and other the Inhabitants of , Mary

de Load, liartpury, and Corse, in the County of cester, and of divers other inhabitants of the Parishes lying near to the same Parishes, as also divers of the Inhabitants of the City of Gloucester:

And the Act, of the 12th of his late Majesty, was read:

And Mr. Jones, being examined, laid. That there had been a Turnpike upon the Maifmore Road ever since the Commencement of the Act: That he apprehends the Tolls collected at the Turnpike (had they been applied to the Repair of the Road) would have been very luificienc for that Purpose; but that such Tolls having been employed in the Repair of the other Roads mentioned in the said Act of the 12th of his late Majesty, the Maifmore Road, which is the great Road from to Ledbury in Hertfordshire, and to the City of has

been neglected; and is at present in lb bad a Condition, that it is impossible it should be amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine into the Matter of the Petition of several Freeholders and Landholders lying on or near the Roads leading through the Parishes of Maifmore, Harpury, and Corse, in the County of Gloucester:

And the aforesaid Act, of the 12th of his late Majesty, being read;

The Agents for the Petitioners declared, That they had nothing further to offer than what had already been given in Evidence upon the other Petitions; upon which Fadts they desired to rest the Proof of the Allegations of this.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, of the Twelfth Year of his Jate Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford-, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester: And that Mr. B, Mr. Foley junior, Mr. Winford, Mr. Selzvyn, and the Lord Gage, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

2a Ordered,

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Di:to.

Ditto.

Scotch

Heritable

Juriidiflioos.

20 Geo. it.

Apri

- -

353

Ordered, That Mr. Ongley have Leave to go into the independent Nations, dnd on whose firm Basis the most

Country, for the Recovery of his Health

Ordered, That Mr. Frederick have Leave to go to the Bath, on account of the Indisposition of his Lady, who is there.

Ordered, That the Lord Vere Bertie have Leave to

glorious, because Parliamentary, Title of his Majesty tt> the British Throne, securely rests, and the Petitioner hopes

will always so rest, to render the Union and Freedom df a hapf>y People complete and permanent; And therefore praying to be heard, by his Counsel, before this House, against the said Bill, as he apprehends it to be

go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary injurious to his Rights and Property, confirmed and fe-

cured by the Treaty of Union; a Request, which, frorti the Nature of the Cafe, he conceives himself intitled to make;and to which he finds hlmself irrefitiibly urged by filial Piety, Regard to his own Character, Duty towards his Posterity, and Zeal for the true Honour and Interest of his King and Country.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Hales have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery df his Health.

' 4

A Petition of Charles Duke of and

was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioner apprehends, that, should the Bill, brought into the House, for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there: and for rendering the Union more complete; pass into a Law, he, and every other loyal Subject in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, pof-

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Alien and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Estate of Richard Poivys Eliquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Daughters Portions; and for other Purposes therein expressed: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Powys's

Estates.

sessed of heretable Jurisdictions, would be deprived of dissolve the Marriage oiCorbyn Morris Esquire, with Eli-

their Property, in maniteft Violation of that common, but - - - ..

lacred, Right of every free British Subject, That he shall not forfeit his Freehold without being first tryed, and heard in his own Defence: That the Petitioner is on this Occasion more anxioufiy affected, from the Conscious-ness of nis own Innocence in the Exercise of that Property of which the said Bill is to deprive him; a Conscious-ftefs, which though it affords him that honest Satisfaction of rejecting any Imputation of Guilt with just Contempt and Indignation;yet modjuftly alarms him, when he cannot but torefee, that, at least, Suspicion of Guilt, transmitted tolateft Posterity, must be the necessaryand unavoidable Consequence of this Bill, if passed into a Law:

That if there are any Perl'ons in that Part of Great Britain, to which this Bill particularly relates, possessed of heretable Jurisdictions, who, contrary to Law, and every true Principle of Government, have kept the common People there in such a State of Bondage, and erected themselves into suchpetty Tyrants over them, as to have been able to compel them into a Rebellion against their lawful Sovereign, under the Force of Fire and Sword, the Petitioner acknowledges such guilty Wretches deserve

MotVs

Divorce.

Bu (heirs Name.

zabeth Fanshawe, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill* intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bushell Esquire, and his Defendants, to to take and use the Surname and Arms of Ft ttiplace: T6 which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ease of the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of Processr Return of* And that Mr. Carew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gwynn, and Procef*. Mr. Winford, do prepare, and bring in; the lame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bushell Esquire, and his Defendants, take and use the Surname and Arms of Fettiplace, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bril be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Bushell's

Name.

every Degree of Punishment the Law inflicts; and that to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Esquire, with

Morris's

Divorce.

they have justly forfeited even their legal Rights, by unjustly usurping whatnoLaw nor Right couldjuftify them in the Exercise of; but requests, that Punishment, therefore, be not extended to where there is no Crime; that the Innocent be not confounded with the Guilty; and that Rights, in themselves not inoffensive only, but evidently productive of publick Utility, be not blended with unjust Usurpation, and illegal Tyranny: That as the Petitioner is, on the one hand, conscious of never having exercised any of the Rights in question, but according to the ftriCleft Principles of Loyalty and Law; (b, on the other hand, he cannot bring his Mind to conceive, that these Rights arc in their own Nature derogatory of the just Prerogative of the Crown, or destructive of publick Utility, when he reficCts how lately they have been vindicated, and secured to their Pofi'efi'ors, on Two most solemn Occasions, which the Petitioner must ever look upon with the highest Reverence and Gratitude:That, on the glorious and happy Resolution, the iStli Act of the Parliament of King Charles the Second, held in the Year 1681, whereby the Rights now in question were invaded, under Pretence of the King's Prerogative, was presented as a publick Grievance by that free Parliament, in the same Breath with which the Crown was offered to King fVII-liam; and that still more lately these Rights were secured to their Possessors by the Treaty of Union, the most fa-ered Treaty that ever was executed between Two free and Voi.. 25.

Elizabeth Fanshawe, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting, and more easy Recovery1, of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants:

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 33. After " inhabit," insert " although no " Rate or Assessment of Wages has been made for that " Year, by the Justices of the Peace of the Shire, Riding, or Liberty, or by the Mayor, Bailiffs, or other " Head Officer, where such Complaints shall be made,

" or where such Differences or Disputes shall arile:"

Pr. 3, L. 42. After " Complaint," insert " whether " such Matter, Mistress, or Employer, shall appear or " not, Proof being made upon Oath of his or her being " duly summoned

L. 27. After " Employment, " insert, " which " Discharge shall be given under the Hand and Seal, or " Hands and Seals, of such Justice or Justice?,

Then insert Olaufes A and B:

At the End of the Bill add C:

4X At

Servants

Waac*.

354

9* — 10° Aprilis.

A. 1747.

Powys9 9 Efhiie.

I«ve of

Abfeace.

At the End of the Title add, and of certain Apprentices."

Clause A: And be it further enacted, by the Authorit'y aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and for any 7'wo or more such Justices, upon any Complaint or Application by any Apprentice, put out by " the Parish, or any other Apprentice, upon whose " binding out no larger a Sum than Five Pounds, of " lawful British Money, was paid, touching or concerning any Mif-usage, Refusal of necessary Provision, " Cruelty, or other ill Treatment, of or towards such Apprentice, by his qr her Master or Mistress, to summon such Master or Mistress to appear before such " Justices, at a reasonable Time to be named in such " Summons; and such Justices shall and may examine " into the Matter of such Complaint; and upon Proof thereof made, upon Oath, to their Satisfaction (whether the Master or Mistress be present or not, if Ser- vice of the Summons be also upon Oath proved) the said Justices may discharge such Apprentice, by War- rant or Certificate under their Hands and Seals, for " which Warrant or Certificate no Fees shall be paid." Clause B: " And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid. That it shall and may be lawful to and " for such Justices, upon Application or Complaint made, upon Oath, by any Master or Mistress, against " any such Apprentice, touching or concerning any Mif-" demeanor, Miscarriage, or ill Behaviour, in such his " or her Service (which Oath such Justices are hereby " impowered to administer) to hear, examine, and determine the same, and to punish the Offender by Commifment to the House of Correction, there to remain, " and be corrected, and held to hard Labour for a rea-u sonable Time, not exceeding One Calendar Month, " or otherwise by discharging such Apprentice in Manner " and Form before-mentioned."

Clause C: " Provided always, That nothing in this u Act contained shall extend to the Stannaries in the M Counties of Devon and Cornwall."

The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A was read a Second time; and, being an in-graded Clause, was read the Third time -, and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Clause B was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Clause C was read a Second time; and, being an in-grofled Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

The Amendment made by the Lords to the Title of the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Apr ills \

Anno 20* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1747.

Pray eks.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords," intituled, An Act for Sale of the real Estate of Richard Powys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Daughters Portions; and for other Purposes therein expressed; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

14

A Bill for uniting the Two Colleges of Si. Salvator and St. Leonard, in the University of St. Andrews, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, frotri the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of William Mitchell, and other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates, in the several Counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Middlesex, Cambridge, Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their Minorities, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Mr. Gray,

Lord Baltimore, Mr. IVinfurd. Lord Guernsey, Mr. Smith, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Page, Sir John Mr. Berkeley, Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Huntingdon, Middlesex,

Cambridge, Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell, Sir Roger Mr. Frankland, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Messuage called Great Frogmore, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, devised by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Mr. George Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

Mr. Berkeley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester, to the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the Couifty of Gloucester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners find Petitions have been presented to the House, praying Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester, to the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester:That the Road leading from The King's Standing, in and through the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, to the Parish of Staunton, in the Coun-

ty of Worcester, being the great Road to the Market Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford, and from Standing aforesaid, in and through the said Parish of Corse, and the Parishes of HasJieldunA Tirty, in the said County of Gloucester, to the Parish of Eldersfeldjm the said County of Worcester, being the great Road to the City of join to the Roads mentioned in the said Petitions j but are become ruinous, and almoftimpaffable, and cannot be sufficiently amended and keptin Repair, by the Laws and Star tutes of this Realm for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom,

Union of Salvator and Leonard Colleges.

IVf itchell'* Lillies.

Great Frogmore; Sale of Lands.

Prin

Agents.

Gloucesterf-See. Roads.

Ditto.

M

Orme's

Effete.

E*1of Lcicclter,» Lifetc.

Cortu's

Elute.

Catberick

Bridge

Read.

Stcrktoo,

ice.

Road.

Wear River *nd Si -ader-lami Fort.

St. Andrew Ffolborn Buning Ground.

.Util's

Elites.

20 Geo. II. Io# Aprilis. ^55

dom, without some other Assistance: And therefore pray- and the rest of the Twelve residuary Legatees, named id ing. That some Clauses may be inserted in the Bill, so the Will of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, late Matter of the prayed to be brought in, for repairing the Roads last- Rolls, deceased, being offered to be presented to the mentioned; or that the Petitioners may have such House;

6ther Relict in the Premises, as to the House shall seem Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's meet. Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition; sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine gives his Consent that the House may do therein as they the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- shall think propter;

pear to them, to the House: Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-

And it is referred to Mr. Berkeley, \tr. Foley, Lord ting forth, That an Act was made in the iath Year of Deerhurst, Mr. IVinjord, Mr. Carew, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Pratt, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. for impowering the Matter of the Rolls, for the Time Hayward, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Gage, Mr. being, to make Leases for Years, in order to new build Gage, Mr. Pyttx, Mr. Gray, Sir Henry Lyddell, Lord the old Houses, belonging to the Rolls; which Ad re-Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Courtenay, cites. That the Mansion-house, Ground, and Tenements, Lord Chetwynd, S\tHugh Smithson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bowles, belonging to the Matter of the Rolls, were much out of

Mr. Willes, Mr. Lnvis, Mr. Prowse, Sir Humphry Howarth, Repair, and not capable of Improvement, in regard the

Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Hay; and all the Members who serve Matters of the Rolls were not enabled to grant such for the C >unties of Gloucester, Worcester, Hereford, and Leases, and for such Terms, as might encourage Tenants

South (Tales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at to build and to repair; and therefore enads, That the Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Matter of the Rolls, for the Time being, and his Suc-Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. cessors Matters of the Roils, should have good Right, full

Power, and lawful Authority, during the Time he or A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen, ard Mr. they should continue Matters of the Rolls, by Writing Edwards: indented under Hand and Seal, to grant and make Leases

Mr. Speaker, for One-and-forty Years, or for any letter Term, to com-

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for mence from the Making of any such Leases, of all and vetting the Estate of Gorton Orme Esquire, in the County Angular the Premises, or any Part thereof (the Chapel of of Sujj'ex, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the the Rolls, with a convenient Mansion-House, Court-yard,

Uses and Tiufts of a Settlement, made for the Benefit of Garden, and other Appurtenances, fit for the Habitation his Issue by any future Marriage: To which the Lords of the Masterof the Rolls, only excepted) with a Proviso, desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, that the Matter of the Rolls, after the Premises had been

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for once letten, according to the Power given as aforesaid; confirming and establishing certain Articies of Agreement should not grant or make any new or concurrent Lease un-between the Heirs at Law and Devisees of Joceline late til within Seven Years after the Exp-rat ion of the Lease then Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Dispo- in being, nor for any letter Kent than was reserved upon

fition of the real Estate of the said Earl; and for render- the former L^afe, nor for any longer Term than Twenty-ing the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes one Years, from the Making of such new Lease: That thereby intended: To which the Lords desire the Con- Sir Harbottle the then Matter of the Rolls,

currence of this House: And also, granted several Building Leases for Forty-one Years, and

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for other Leases, wherein there was no Provision for new Sale of the settled and other Estates of John Curtis, in the building, for Twenty-one Years, by virtue of the Power County of Norfolk, and applying Part of the Money given by the said Act: That in the Year 1717 Sir arising thereby in Payment of Legacies and Debts, and was appointed Masterof the Rolls; at which Time

applying other Part of such Money in the Purchase of the Houses belonging to the Rolls being again in the like other Estates, to be settled to the like Ufts; anchor other ruinous Condition, as they were when the said Act was Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire made, he apprehended, that, under that Act, he had a the Concurrence of this House: And also, Power, in case of rebuilding (which was then become

The Lords hvve agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act absolutely necessary) to grant Leases for the Term of for repairing the Road leading from Catberick Bridge, in Forty-one Years; and that the restraining Clause therein the County of fork, to 7arm, in the said County, and did not extend to Houses which should be rebuilt; and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and relying on that Construction of the said Act, he expended from thence, through Sedgefield, in the said County of to the Amount of between Thirty and Forty thousand Durham, to the City of Durham, without any Amend- Pounds, in rebuilding many of the said Houses in the ment: And also, most substantial Manner, which Sum was very near equal

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to the Value of the Inheritance of such Houses; and he for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of granted several Leases thereof, for Forty-one Years, in Slid ton upon Tees, to Darlington, and from thence, Trust, for himself: That Sir Joseph died in the

through IVinjton, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County, Year 1738, and by his Will gave several large pecuniary without any Amendment: And all'o. Legacies and Annuities for Life to many of his distant

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Relations; but intending to make a more ample Pro-for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River vision for the Petitioners (who were Twelve of his near-H'ear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County eft Relations, and some of them destitute of all manner of Durham, without any Amendment: And also, of Support) he devised to them the Residue of his real

The Lords have agreed to ihe Bill, intituled, An Act and personal Estates, as Tenants in common, and gave a to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Andrew, Power to his Executor to renew, from time to time, Holborn, in the City of London, and County of Mid- Leases of the Houses held of the Masterof the Rolls, dlesex, to pure hale a convenient Piece of Ground for an with his Successor or Successors, Matters of the Rolls for additional Buiyin^ Ground for the Use of the said Parish; the Time being: That the Petitioners conceive it mani-ai.d to enable the said Parishioneis to raise such Sum and feftly appears, that the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, from the Sum s of Money as shall be necessary for that Purposes Sums expended by him in rebuilding, and the Power he without any Amendment. gave to his Executor to renew Leases, considered the

And then the Messengers withdrew. Leases granted of the before-mentioned Premises, for

Forty-one Years, as good and valid, and as an Edate to A Petition of Thomas Jekyll, Edward Jekyll, Richard continue in his Family; but that, upon his Death, B/acket Jekyll, and Hamah jekyll, in behalt ol themselves, Esquire, who succeeded him in the Office of

VOL. 25.

Cirvncester

KoaJ.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Walton

of»n Tliarae*

‘liridge.

Brush'stand

Harbour,

35(5 ro" — 13

Matter of the Rolls, denied that his Predecessor had Power to let Leases for any longer Term than Twenty-one Years; and therefore infilled that the aforesaid Leases, granted for Forty-one Years, were absolutely void j and that the Petitioners, upon Opinions had of the ablest Counsel, being advised not to contest the Matter, were necessitated to relinquish their Claim, as to Twenty Years of the said Term of Forty-one Yeats, by reason whereof the remaining Term of Twenty-one Years is actually expired as to Part of the Premises, and is near expiring as to the rest; and that as the Value of other Parts of the Testator's Estate is greatly reduced, the Residue thereof, intended for the Petitioner's Support, will amount to little or nothing: That Sir Joseph Jekyll, upon a Supposition that he had by his Will, made a very ample Provision for the said Petitioners, by making them his residuary Legatees, did bequeath all his and South-Sea

Stock, viz. Ten thousand Pounds Stock, and

Ten thousand Pounds South-Sea Stock, after the Death of his Wife (which has lately happened) unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund, in such Manner as should be directed by Parliament: That the Petitioners apprehend it is evident, that it could not be the Intention of the said Sir Joseph Jekyll to provide for the Payment of Part of the publick Debt out of his private Estate, and leave his nearest, and some of his most necessitous Relations defti-tute of Support; but that he intended to make Provision for them, more ample and sufficient than what lie had allotted to his distant Relations; which Provision, by reason of his mistaken Opinion, with regard to his Power of granting Leases for Forty-one Years, is reduced to little Value, and consequently the Petitioners mutt suffer great Distress, unless this House shall grant them some Relief: And therefore submitting this their distressed same to the Consideration and Companion of the House; and praying such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to a Committee, to examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Henry , Mr. Faza-

kerley, Mr. Vyner, Sir James , Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hooper, Mr. 2orke. Sir John Crcffe, Mr. Winford, Mr. Carew, Lord Gage, Mr. , Mr.

Young, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. West, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Pratt, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Compi, Mr. , Mr.

Jeaffrefon, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Southwell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip'sHill, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Payment of Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich-, and for preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Stores belonging to the said Hospital; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River , from Wal-

ton upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the County of Middlesex, without any Amendment: And also, '

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every

5 Aprilis. A. 1747.

Scots Pint of Beer or Ale tended or fold within the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for incrcaGng the publick Revenue of the said Town; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled and other Estate of John Curtis, in the County of Norfolk, and applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of Legacies and Debts, and applying other Part of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement between the Heirs at Law and Devisees of Joceline late Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Disposition of the real Estate of the said Earl; and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estate of Garton Orme, El'quire, in the County of SujJ'ex, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses and Trulls of a Settlement, made for the Benefit of his Issue by any future Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

LiUnae, 130 die Aprilis;

Anno 200 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

THE Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting several Estates of Thomas Rolt Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Debts; and for securing an Equivalent in respect of the settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit of his Wife and Infant Son, and for the providing Portions for his-Daughters; and for other Purposes; was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Estates in and Datchworth, in

the County of Hertford, the Estate of Jane, Ame, Mary, and Susanna Awdrey Kemeys, Infants, pursuanc to an Agreement entered into by their Trustees for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pltaner, Mr. West, Mr. BraJJey, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Houblon, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Crosse, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Monfun, Mr. Gouph, Mr. Bayntun Rolt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Carew, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr.

Sir John Chapman, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Earle, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. LeveJ'on Gower, Mr. Lambe,

Mr.

Cuff Vs Estate.

Earl

Leiceflor'a

Estate.

Ofmc'*

Eftafic.

Way* and Means.

fcolt'*

Estates.

Kemcj*«

Eftatu.

JrkyiTt

Eidie.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Garrard's

Will.

8 ifbeD'a Name.

Infotvent

Debtors.

20 Geo. II. 130 — 14® 357

Mr. Martin, Mr. Montagu, Mr. 7 Mr. Shut-

i/eworth, Mr. Gras, Mr. FelL Mr. War bur ton, Mr.

WHfon, Mr. Whirhcot, Mr. White, Mr. Mr.

Wilkin fan, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Mr. Hales, Sir

John Philipps, Mr. Cornexva//, Mr. Archer, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Compton, Sir Daniel Lambert, Mr. Tucker, Mr.

Yorke iand ail tl.e Members who serve for the County of Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

rr 11 c. 1 xj \S\x Wm. Calvert, 7.

Tellers for the oes, j ^r NathanaelNewnham

So it passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Fort- Way* night, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes, Mr. Ord, Mr. Gildart, Mr. It iifon, Mr. Harrison. Sir Richard Mr.

ney, Sir IVm. Tovge, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. OJbaldeflon,

Sir Allies Slaps It on, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Lord

Perceval, Mr. 7httrjby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Edward Jekyll,

Richard Blackett Jeksil, and Hannah Jekyll, in behalf of themiclvts, and the r*tl of the Twe've rtliduary Legatees named in the Wili of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, late Mailer of the Kolb, duccaled, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. William Powlett have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Jacob Bhave Leave to go into the Country, upon account of the Indisposition of his Lady.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vacating a Writing pur|>orting a Will, and alfj certain Deeds executed by Thomas Garrard tluc elder, Esquire, dcceakd; and for making a new Settlement and Disposition of his real and personal F.state, at the Desire, and with the Content, of his Six Sons; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Philipps, Mr. Winford, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Carew, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Edwin, Sir Charles Mordav.nt, Sir Edward Turner, Sir Roger Mr. Owen, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Mr. Pratt, Lord

Dupplin, Mr. Bnyntun Roll, Mr. Mr. Sim-

mons, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. WilkinMr. Neale, Mr. wyn. Lord Deerhurjt, Mr. Ho, Mr. Hay, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. AMr. Archer, Mr. Southwell, Admiral Toxvnft/end, Mr. Ofoaldefton, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Lefiie, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr.

Scrope, Mr. Compton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Eft x, Berks, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bushell Esquire, and his DcfcenHants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Fcttiplacc, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rnjhout, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Hooper, Mr. Lifter, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gray, Mr. Archer, Mr. Compton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Fel/oxves, Lord Carpenter, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Henry Archer, Sir Ludovick Grunt,

Mr. Poudelt, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prnvfe, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Cope, Mr. Gxvyun, Mr. Harris;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Oxon, Berks, Wilts, and Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Second time:

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JSir 7

tellers for the Yeas, jMr J

Vol. 25.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 dieA;

Anno 20* Georgii II'1 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AB I L L for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Gloucester;

Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth hcc. Read*. Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing anJ widening the Roads from the City of cester to the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester-,was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Berkeley,

Mr. Foies, Mr. Chetxvynd, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Lord hurst, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Hayward, Mr. Selxvyn, Lord Gage, Sir John Philipps, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Carew, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Winford, Lord Hillsborough; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Her efordJVor after, and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hedworthreported from the Committee, to whom Qrfat

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for more Sale of veiling the capital Messuage called Great Frogmore, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, deviled by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, In Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee} and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Glouceflef,

the Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there- &c. RomIi. unto subscribed, relating to the Road leading from she King's Standing, in and through the Parish of in the County of Gloucester, to the Parish of , in

the County of Worcester, and from The King's Standing

aforesaid, in and through the said Parish of Corse, and the Parishes of Hasfield and Tie ley, in the said County of Gloucester, to the Parish of Eldersfield, in the said County of Worcester, being the great Road to the City of Worcester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

James Launder and Edward Driver were severally examined: And said, That the Road leading from The King's Standing, in and through the Parish of Corse, in the County of Gloucester, to the Parish of Staunton, in the County of Worcester (being the great Road to the Market Town of Ledbury, in the County of Hereford) and from King's Standing to the Parish of Eldersfield, in the County of Worcester, are very ruinous, and almost impassable in some Seasons of the Year; and cannot be amended, and kept in good Repair, by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom.

4Y 'Ordered,

358 14° Aprilis. A. 1747.

Ordered, That it be an Tnflruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, pafl'ed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester , is committed; That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for rfpairing the Road leading from The King's Standing, in and through the Parish of Corse, in the County of to the

Parish of Staunton, in the County of and from

The King's Standing aforesaid, to the Parish of in the said County of Worce

Cortis's An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ettate. for Sale of the settled and other Estate of John , in the County of Norfolk, and applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of Legacies and Debts, and applying other Part of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; and for other - Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. house, Mr. Carew, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Mr Gray, Mr. Turner, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Courtenay, Major SelwynMr. Mr. Thomas

Pitt, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Fane, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Oflaldefton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. White, Lord Perceval, Lord Guernsey, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Compton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Moore'* Mr. Charles Mountagu reported from the Committee, to i.dates. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in 1 the Counties of Sussex, Surrey, and Stafford, for Payment

of Debts and Legacies, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read} and are as followeth; viz

Pr. 14. L. 35. * *

M orris's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Divorce, to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Esquire, with Elizabeth Fanfhaxve, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill, and also that they do hear. Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Witnesses.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. John Yorke have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Hedworth have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

20

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act: pnwy,>(

for Sale of the real Estate of Richard Powys Esquire, de- Estate. cealed, for Payment of his Debts and Daughters Portions; and for other Purposes therein expressed; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Winford, Mr. Fazakerley, Air.

Colonel Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr.

Sir John Cust, Sir Henry Calthorpe, Mr. Affleck, Mr. here Powlett, Mr. Walter, Mr. Earle, Mr. Lord

Guernsey, Mr. Fox, Mr. War burton, Mr. Frederick, Mr.

Duncombe, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Hay, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Delme,

Mr. Tyner, Mr. Bowles, Mr. Orme, Mr. Lambton, Sir Wm. Middleton, Lord Perceval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Brigadier-General Cholmondeley have Letve Leave to go into the Country, lor the Recovery of his of Absence. Health.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Expiring who are appointed to prepare, anti bring in, a Bill, or Eaw*.

Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Monday the 6th Day of this instant April, were reported from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them ara fit to be revived, or continued (which Resolutions were then agreed to by the House) That they do, in One of the said Bills, insert a Clause, or Clauses, to continue an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the First Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down and destroyTum-pikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; and also an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for punishing such Persons as shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy Turnpikes for repairing Highways, or Locks, or other Works erected by Act of Parliament for making Rivers navigable; and for other. Purposes therein mentioned; which said Acts expired, and were after wards, by an Act, made in the 15th and 16th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, revived and continued, from the First Day of 1742, until the First Day of June 1747.

Ordered, That Mr. Brydges have Leave to go into the t,wve Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. of Absence.

A Petition of William Earl of March: And also, Scotch

A Petition of Alexander Earl of Heretable

Were severally presented to the House, and read; re- Juri^‘un>' presenting to the House, That, should the Bill for takingaway and abolishing the heretablejurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, pass into a Law, the Petitioners apprehend, they, and several other loyal Subjects possessed of heretable Jurisdictions in Scotland, would be thereby deprived of their Property, in Violation of that sacred Maxim of our Laws, That none shall be deprived of his Freehold, or Franchise, without his own wilful Default: That the Petitioners are the more alarmed at this Attempt 1

upon their Property, from the Consciousncfs that not j

the least Abuse or Irregularity can be charged to them in the Exercise of those Rights transmitted to them by their Ancestors; and of which the Petitioners are the more tenacious, as well from a Persuasion of the Benefit and Advantage of those heretable

j

20 Geo. II.

Eftatn.

Onvtt's

Elate.

14 -15'

Aprilis.

359

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

table Jurisdictions to the Subjects of that Part of the United Kingdom, as from the Confirmation they received at Two most remarkable Periods, those of the Resolution and the Union, when the quiet Enjoyment of them was meant to be secured to their Possessors for ever: And therefore, the Petitioners being to highly concerned in the Consequences of this Bill, praying to be heard, by their Counsel, agiintl the passing it into a Law; an Indulgence, which, they are adviled, is never refuted to any whole Properties are or may be affected by any Bill depending in this House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Ixrrds, intituled, An Act for vesting l'everal Estates of Thomas Ro/t Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for raising Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other Debts; and for securing an Equivalent in reljreft of the settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit of his Wife and Infant Son, and for the providing Portions for his Daughters; and for other Purposes; was read the Third time.

Re/oii-id, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to . , _ . , - -

the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath d‘c.ally affect the Rights and Interests of the Petitioner:

Mercurii, 15° die Aprilis;

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Charlotte Orme, Spinster, only Child of Garton Orme Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, should the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for veiling the Ellate of Garton Orme Esquire, in the County of in him,

in Fee-simple, difclurged of the Uses and Trulls of a Settlement, made for the Benefit of his Issue by any future Marriage, pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends, and is advised, the same wiil very greatly and preju-

Orme*»

Eft ate.

Scotch

Heretabie

Jiuifui&iocj.

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Ellate of Garton Orme Esquire, in the County of Sussex, in him, in Fce-limple, discharged of the Ul'es and Ttulls of a Settlement, made for the Benefit of his Issue by any future Marriage, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carew,

Mr. Page, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. War burton, Mr. Cooke,

Mr. Willes, Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. Browne, Sir Roger New-

dipate, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir Nathanael

Curzon, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Sir Richard

Lhyde, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cole-brooke, Mr. York, Mr. Earle, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gwynn,

Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Plumptre, Colonel Bofcawen, Sir

John Rufhout, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Compton, Mr. Han-

bury, Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Mr. Powney, Sir Francis Pcole, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Humfrey,

Mr. Lifter, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Wil-

kittfon-, and all the Members who serve for the County o i Sussex, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa.-

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's fions.

Chamber.

Ordered, That Captain William Stewart have Leave to The Order of the Day being read, for the Second g° into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Reading of the Bill for taking away and abolishing the Occasions.

And therefore praying, That (hr may be at Liberty to be heard by her Counsel, against the said Bill, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner, if Ihe thinks fit, be heard, by her Counsel, before the said Committee, upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir James Hamilton have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Shutllsworth have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Walter have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ordered, That Sir Arthur Forbes have Leave to go into Ditto.

Heretabie Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain call ed Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more clfeftual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Mary Stillington, Widow, to execute a Power vested in JoJ'eph Stillington Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, for railing Money to complete the Inclosureof the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor

Ditto.

Kelfield

Inclosure.

there; and for rendering the Union of the Two King- of Kdfieldi in the County of York, was committed. That

doms more complete;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Nineteenth Article of the Union of the Two Kingdoms of England and Scotland might be read:

And the said Article was read accordingly:

Then the Question being put, That the said Sill be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

}*33-

Teller, for heYe^, { M*rq

\ Mr. Lyttelton

rp r .» \r 1 Lord nfey,

Tel!-.., for the Noe,' S|r LW,/; JFirebrace.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second time. VOL. 25.

102.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Lord Trentham reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of the settled Estates of Richard Oakeley Esquire, in the Counties of Salop and Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances; and for providing a Recompence for the lame, in such Manner as is therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties

concerned

Oakeley'i

Estates.

Colemore's

Leafing.

afe of Sheriffs in Return of Pro-Ccfo

Foreign

Frotestants

Nat.

Yarmouth

Harbour*

Great Frog-tf»ore Sale o lands.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Earl

Leicester's

Ufa le.

360 Apr ilis. 1747.

concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Metcalfe reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Anne Colemore, Widow, and her Assigns, during the Life of Thomas Cole Merchant, to make Building Leases of Lands in , in the County of Warwick, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of PFOcefs: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to extend the Provision£ of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in Amerto other foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the Taking of an Oath, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee'of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and allb for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Fortnight.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Messuage called Great Frogmore, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, deviled by the Will of Mary late Duchels of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. IVinford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa-lions.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Pleydell have Leave to continue in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement between the Heirs at Law and Devisees of Joceline late Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Disposition of the real Estate of the said Earl; and for

rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Polhill, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Nathanael Mr.

Walker, Mr. Hay, Mr. Walpol Mr. West, Mr. frey, Mr. IVinford \Mr. Feiiowes, Mr. Lord

Carpenter, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Laroche, Sir fames Lowther, Sir John Mr. Hill, Mr.

Gwynne. Mr. Hooper, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr.

Solicitor-General, Mr. Craufitrd, Mr. Couke, Mr. , Mr'. Foley, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lifter, Lord Dupplin, Sir

IVm.Calvert, - Mr. Gray, Mr. Bowes-, and all the Mein-betjd&ho serve for the County of Kent, the Cinque Ports, and South Wales:And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Lightermen, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several others, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, if the Bill, depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy

of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parill) of St. Andrew Holbas lies in the County of Middlesex-, and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; should pass into a Law, it will considerably enhance the Price of Coals to be consumed within the Limits aforesaid, which will be a great Discouragement to the Trade and Commerce there; and that the Petitioners will be greatly affected thereby, as well as by beingsubjected to Penalties and Forfeitures, in, Cales where it is apprehended sufficient Provision is already made by the before-mentioned, and several former, Acts for preventing any Frauds or Abuses: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of their laid Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Wharfingers, and other Dealers in Coals, in and about the City and Liberty of minster, in behalf of themselves, and other Dealers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lane ofer

adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex-, and representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend sufficient Remedies are provided by the said Act, and several former Acts, against any Frauds or Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals consumed within the said Limits, if the said Acts were duly put in Execution; and that in case the Bill, now depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act, should pass into a Law, the Petitioners cannot carry on their Trade within the said Limits; and will be thereby greatly injured in their Properties, by being obliged to leave off Trade, or to remove out of the same Limits: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners,

Frauds in Admeasuro mem of Coals.

Ditto.

Condemning of Prises.

Prize

Agcms.

»pp*y.

£ibut.

Kelfield

Inclosure.

Latte of Absence.

Moored

States*

io Geo. II. 15* — 16s — $7* j4pritii> $$t

titioneis, if they think fit he thefi heard, by their Couh-iei, against the fiud Bill, purfijant to the Prayer of their said Petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the fiud Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time up* on Tomorrow Fortnight.

A Bill for preventing Delays in condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland; and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expence for the same; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Three Weeks, rel'olve ittelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to re-giftertheir Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Th ree Weeks, retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve it (elf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Mtycfiy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 16° die \

Anno 20* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747. Praters,

MR. George Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inj tituled. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Henry Talbot Esquire, in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee-fimpie, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, upon his fetding other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of 'the Committee -, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrosseH Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower Mary Stilling ton, Widow, to execute a Power vetted in Joseph Stillington Esquire, her late Husband, de-

ceased, for railing Money to complete the Inclosure of the common Fields and common Grounds in the Manor of Kelfield, in the County of York, was read the Third time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment

Ordered, That Mr. Hanbury have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Voc. *5.

for Sale of the Eftatts of William Afore, Esquire, id thd.

Counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Stafford, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; M2.

Pr. 14. L. 35. After Mortgages," to insert,4 Debts:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Rejohed, That the Bill, with the Amendments, dd

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hatli agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Oakley* for railing Money out of the settled Estates of Richard EfLtej Oakeley Esquire; in the Counties of Salop, and Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances, and for producing a Recompence for the fame, in iiich manner as is therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Lifier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them/That this House hath agreed to the farrie, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Tenure of taking away the Tenure of Lands by Ward-holding in Ward-holding that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Confe- in C01 ao ' quests thereupon; and for converting the same into other Holdings; and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry; and taking aWay the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning, rind Dcfmnciation for Civil Causes; in the same Part of the Kingdom: And that Mr. Attorney-General, the Lord Advocate of; and Mr.

Sollicitor-General, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Rffolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fort* Support of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole disabled House, upon the Bill fbrthe Relief and Support of maimed Seatfren, k*. and disabled Seaman, and the Widows and Children of suchas shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning

Lunae, 2 70 die Aprilis;

Anno 20* Georgii II*11 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act,

for vetting Part of the settled Estate of Henry Efat«.

Talbot Esquire; in the County of Warwick, in him, in Fee-simple, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Settlement, upon his settling other Lands, of greater Value, to the same Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. George Montagu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Re- Ease of turn of Process, was read a Second time. Sheriffs in

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. £e,ur"

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Froce of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon WMorning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

4 Z,

Leave of

Absence.

Ditto.

Union of Salvator and Leonard Colleges.

Curtis*

Estate.

Bu (hell's Name.

Garrard's

Will.

Letvc of Absence.

3 6 % 17° — sS*

Ordered, 'fhat Mr. Foley senior have Leave to conti-hue in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman have Leave to

continue at the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for uniting the Two Colleges of St. Salvator and St. Leonard, in the University of St. Andrews, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dufplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 % ° die Apr ilis\

Anno 200 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747. Prayers.

MR. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled and other Estate of John Curtis, in the County of Norfolk, and applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of Legacies and Debts, and applying other Part of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent t» the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir John Ruflmit reported from the Committee, to whdm the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bushell Esquire, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of place, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } - nd that the Committee had directed him to re-' port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir John Philipps reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vacating a Writing purporting a Will, and also certain Deeds executed by Thomas Garrard the elder, Esquire, deceased; and for making a new Settlement and Disposition of his real and personal Estate, at the Desire, and with the Consent, of his Six Sons; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Portman have Leave to continue in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard have Leave to

continue in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Williams have Leave to continue in the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A. 1747;

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Mafier have Leave to con- Leave of tinue in the Country; for the Recovery df his Health. AbfeDCC‘

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Colemore's to impower Ann Colemore, Widow, and her Assigns, du-i Leafing, ring the Life of Thomas ColemoreMerchant, to make Building Leases of Lands: in and near Birmingham, in the County of tVarwick, was read the Third-time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the '

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Buller haveLeave to continue itr the Country, for the Recovery1 of his Health. bence.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey T have Leave to Ditto, continue in the Country, on account of the Indilpofitton of his Lady, who is there.

Ordered, That Mr. Pilsworth have Leave to continue at Ditto, the Bath, for the Recovyry of his Health.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom St. James' the Petition of the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop WeUminster of Oxford, Rector of the Parish Church of the Parish of Church-yard. St. James, within the Liberty of Wand also of the Vestry-men of the same Parish, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Vestry-mcn and other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; and to whom also the Petition-of the several Inhabitants of the Parish of St. James K within the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are there-

unto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others.

Inhabitants of the said Parish; was referred; That the Committee had examined the Mattersof the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations contained in the First of the said Petitions,

A Clause in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the 2d, for erecting new Parish, to be called the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, was read; whereby a Vestry was consti-

tuted, to consist of Thirty-four Persons, who were to exercise the like Power and Authority for ordering and regulating the Affairs of the said Parish, as the Vestry-men of the Parish of St. Martin then had and exercised in reference to the said Parish of St. Martin.

Another Clause in the said Act was read; whereby it was enacted, That the First and all the succeeding Rectors of the Parish of St. James should be seised, in his and their Demesne, as of Fee, in the Right of the Church (amongst other Things) of and in a certain Piece or Parcel of Ground, whereon some Stables and Tenements were erected, then or late in the Tenure or Occupation of Sir Thomas Bond, of Peckham, in the County of Surry,

Baronet, and Thomas Bond Esquire, youngest Son of the said Sir Thomas Bond, their Assign or Assigns, Tenant or Under-tenants, containing in Front, next alias Portugal-street, 40 Feec, and in Depth, backward,

75 Feet, a little more or lets; abutting on the said Street,

North; and, on the Ealt and South, on the Churchyard of the said Pari 111 of St. James; and the Ground then or late of Anthony Hart, Bricklayer, on the West; and the Two Messuages or Tenements fronting the said Street were then or late in the Tenure and Occupation of Richard Hayburne, Carpenter, and the other then or late in the Tenure of John Ellison; with all the Rents,

Issues, and Profits thereof, after the Expiration of a Term of Years granted to the said Sir Thomas Bond and Thomas Bond, by one Indenture bearing Date the 27th Day of , January 1684.

Then, in order to shew that the Piece of Ground last described did, at the time of making the said Act, and , still doth, extend in Front, next Piccadilly street, 65 Feet,

a little

oo Geo. II. &0 Aprilis. 363

a little more or Ids; and hath been enjoyed without Molestation by the Petitioner the said Bishop of Oxford, as Rector of the said Parish, in that full Extent of Measure, ever since the Year 1740; although the said Piece of Ground is in the said Act mentioned as extending in Front only 40 Feet, a little more or Ids,

Mr. Samuel Seddon said. That he had surveyed the said Piece of Ground, which extends between the Eastern and Western Abutment 67 Feet; and that the present Abutments are, as he apprehends, the ancient Abut- ments: That, in September 1740, he took Possefiiondf the Premises for the tile of the Rector, with the Privity of the Uepresentatives of the late Sir Thomas Bond, whole Agent received the Rents of the Whole; and that he (the Witness) bad ever since received such Kents for the said Rector, none of the Tenants at any time refuting to pay the lame: That, upon Part of the said Piece, of Ground, Two Houses are built, which extend 40 Feet in Front towards Piccadilly; and, upon the rdl of the said Piece of Ground, another House is run up Shed-wife, the upper Part of which extends the remaining 27 Feet; but that the lower Part of the said House conlitls only of a Shop, at the Eift End whereof is a Gateway, which, with the Shop, extends the said 27 Feet.

This Evidence, as far as relates to the Extent of the Ground whereon the said Three Houses arc built, was confirmed by Mr. "James Horne, who said he had lately measured the said Ground.

Mr. IVm. Havers, being examined, said. That he had collected the Rent of the Premises, for Sir Thomas Bond, from the Year 1732 to 1740; and that the same were held under a Leaf; from the late Lord and others,

executed in the Year 1684, which Lease expired in September 1740: That he always thought the Gateway, and the Three Houses IxMorc-mentioned, were Part of the Premises which the said Sir Thomas Bond was in Poti'ellion of under the said Lale; and that, when the Term granted to him expired, he (the Witness) apprehended the Rector of the said Parish was intitled to the Premises.

'Then, in order to prove that the Church-yard of the said Parish is at present much too small for the Burial of the Dead (another Allegation contained in the first of the said Petitions)

James Stephenson, Sexton of the the said Parish, being examined, laid. That the Number of the Inhabitants of the said Parish is of late so much increased, that between 3 and 400 Per Ions are now buried in other Parishes for want of Room in the said Church-yard, it being impossible to dig lower than Five or Six Feet at mod; and that there is no Way to enlarge the Church-yard, but by adding to it the Piece of Ground in question.

In Support of another Allegat ion contained in the said Petition, a Claul'e in the Act before-mentioned was read; which cnacis, That the yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds shall be alfeifed upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for the Payment of the Preacher-Assistant to be nominated as therein is directed; the said yearly Sum of One hundred Pounds to be paid upon the Four usual Feaib, or 'Terms in the Year, to the Preacher-Assistant fur the 'lime being, over and above all Charges and Deductions ior colluding the lame.

And the said Mr. Scddcu, being again examined, informed the Committee, That the oiuinary Charge of making and collecting the Hate for the Preacher Assistant amounts to £.30 per Annum; the Yellry Clerks being allowed f. 15 for making up the Account, and the Collector £. 15 for his Trouble.

With regard to the other Rates mentioned in the said Petition (for railing and paying Money, upon account of Robberies, for Relief of lick and hurt Soldiers and Mariners, for repairing Highways, and for repairing Engines, Fire-cocks, and other Implements for extinguishing Fires, and for Rewards and Gratuities upon account of such Fires) Mr. Seddon laid, That the Full of the said Rates is made at the Sessions, and is very small; that the Rate for lick arid hurt Soldiers is likcwjfc very small; but that the Rate for repairing Highways comes to near

Vol. 25.

£. 100 a Year; and that the Rate upon account of Fires is sometimes pretty large: That he did not apprehend the Act for levying County Rates gives a Power to ievy these Sums; and that he thinks it would be for the Benefit of the said Parish, if the said Sums were paid out of the Poor's Rate, which he thinks a just and very equal Rate, being laid according to the Rent of the Houses occupied by the respective Inhabitants of the said Parish.

Then the Petitioners, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, were heard in Support of the Allegation contained in their Petition, That only 40 Feet, Part of the said Piece of Ground whereon Two Messuages were erected, were granted to the Rector. of the said Parish for the Time being, by the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second:

And the Clause before recited, relating to the said Piece of Ground, being again read, the Committee observed. That the Words of the Act of Parliament are " fbme " Stables and Tenements," and not " Two Messuages," is alleged by the Petitioners in their said Petition.

But, in order to prove that only 40 Feet, Part of the said Piece of Ground, were intended to be vested in the Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors, a Book belonging to the Surveyor-General was produced; and an Entry of the Petition of the Earl of St. Alban to King Charles the Second, praying a Grant of the Reversion and Inheritance of Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground in or near Jermyn-street, in the Parish of St. Marlin in the Fields, for the religious LJtes and Purposes mentioned in the said Petition; and also an Entry of the Reference of the said Petition, by fbe laid King, to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and, by them, to the Surveyor-General, together with the Entiy of the said Surveyor-General's Report thereupon; were read; in which Report the Surveyor-General certifies, That he had viewed the said Two Pieces of Ground, and examined the Dimensions thereof, and found, that the First Parcel, being the moll Easterly Part, extending to a Line some time called Becon Ditch, now Little Jermyn-street, whereon the Fabrick of a Church is erected, contains in Length,' on the South Side, from the South-east Corner thereof, next Little Jermyn-street, Westward, along the first-mentioned Jermyn-street, to the South-east Corner of the other Piece intended for a Church-yard, about 138 Feet 5 inches; and from thence Northward, by the Elaft End of the said Piece intended for a Church-yard, 75 Feet' 3 Inches; and from thence Eastward, to the South-east Corner of Sir Thomas Bond's Stables, 18 Foot; and from thence Northward, along the Wall inclosing Sir Thomas Bond's Stable-yard, to the Highway called -

street, 79 Feet; and from thence Eastward, along the said Highway, to the North-weft Corner of Two Houses belonging to the Earl of St. Alban (not desired to be therewith granted) 47 Foot 8 Inches; and from thence, turning Southward, by the West End of the said Two Houses, and the Yard inclosed with them, 32 Feet 6 Inches; and from thence Eastward, along the Wall that inclosed the Yard belonging to the said Two Houses, 39 Feet 9 Inches; and from thence, turning Northward again; to the said Street called Piccadilly-street, between the said Two Houses, and an old Building said to be intended to be pulled down, and a House to be erected in the place thereof for the Habitation of a Minister for the said Church, 32 Foot 6 Inches; and from thence Eastward, along Piccadilly-street, by the said old Building, to the

North-east Corner thereof, at the North End of the first-mentioned Street called Little Jermyn-street, 33 Foot; and from thence Southward, along the said Little Jermyn-street, by the East End of the said Fabrick of a Church, to the South-east Corner of the Ground first-mentioned, 154 Foot 3 Inches; all which Ground, comprehending the Part whereon the Fabrick of the Church is erected, and the Piece designed for the Minister's House, and excluding the Two Houses belonging to the said Earl, contain, in Measur, 69 Perches.

That the Second Piece, Part whereof was designed for a Church-yard or Cemetery, and on the other Part whereof

St. fames* Westcmnftri-Ciiurch yar«i

St. James*

Westminster

Church-jard.

364 a 8 Apr illsA- 1747.

of Five good Dwelling-houses were erected, lies next the former Piece, more West ward, extending in Length along the said Street, called Jermyn-Jlre 234 Feet 9 Inches; whereof the East Part, next the said Piece of Ground whereon the Fabrick of the Church (lands, lying open, and intended for the Church-yard, is in Length 111 Feet 6 Inches; and the other Part at the West End thereof, whereon the Five Houses were built, extending WestWard to a House in the Tenure of Mr. Thomas Thompson, is in Length 123 Feet 3 Inches, and both of an equal Breadth Northward, 75 Feet 3 Inches, and do contain together in Measure 65 Perches.

A Signet Bill, dated the 20th May 1684, signed by King Charles the 2d, and counter-signed by Sir Robert Sawyer, the then Attorney-General, containing a

Grant of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Lands before-mentioned, was likewise produced; which recites, That the late Earl of St. Alban's being possessed of Two Parcels of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middl, near a Street called Jermyn-street, for the Term of 57 Years, or thereabouts, had caused to be erected upon One of the said Parcels of Ground a Fabrick of a Church, and designed Part of the other of the said Parcels of Ground for a Church-yard or Cemetery, to the said intended Church; and the Remainder of the said other Parcel of Ground, to be let out in building, for making some Provision towards the Maintenance of the Minister of the same Church; and also, that Parcel of Ground whereon some Stables and Tenements were erected, containing in Front, next the Street called Piccadilly-street, 40 Feet, and in Depth 75 Feet,

little more or less, abutting on the said Piccadilly-Jireet North, and on the Eastand South on the before-mentioned Church-yard, and on the Ground of Anthony Hart on the West; the Two Tenements fronting the said dreet, One being in the Tenure of Richard Hay burne, Carpenter, and the other of John , their respective Assigns or Under-tenants: And that the said Earl, being possessed of a Message or House situate at the North Side and East End of the Fiece of Ground whereon the said Church is erected, designed the same to be pulled down, that a convenient House for the Habitation of the Minister of the said intended Church might be erefled in the Place thereof; and had accordingly petitioned the King to grant the Inheritance of the same Two Pieces of Ground, and also the Messuage or House aforesaid, and allb the Piece or Parcel of Ground before-mentioned, whereon the said Stables and Tenements then flood, to him the said Earl, and his Heirs, for the Purposes aforesaid: And further recites, That since the Decease of the said Earl, the Lord Jermyn, his Nephew and Heir, had likewise peti-

tioned the King to grant the Inheritance of the same Two Pieces of Ground, and also of the said Messuage or House, to him the said Lord Jermyn and his Heirs, for the Purposes aforesaid; and therefore the King grants to the said Lord Jet myn, and his Heirs, all those Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground first-mentioned, and the said Fabrick of a Church erefled upon One of the said Pieces or Parcels, and the Houses erefled upon Part of other of the same Pieces of Ground, being Five in Number, and then in the Tenure of Sir Cafar Wood (lately )

.Knight, his Lessees or Tenants, at and under the yearly Ground-Rent of 60 or thereabouts; the Dimensions and Boundaries of which said Two Pieces of Ground are in the said Signet Billdescribed, in the following Words, viz. " The said Piece or Parcel of Ground whereon the ,l said Fabrick of a Church is erefled doth contain, on " the South Side thereof, from the South-east Corner of that Part of the other Piece or Parcel of Ground which is intended for a Church-yard, to a Street called w Little Jermyn-street, 138 Feet and 5 Inches of Assize,

little more or less; and from thence Northward by V the East Side of the said Piece intended for a Church-yard, 75 Feet and 3 Inches; and from thence East-<* ward, to the South-east Corner of Sir Thomas Bond's Stables, 18 Feet; and from thence Northward, along * the Wall inclosing Sir Thomas Bond's Stable-yard, to

14

" the Highway called Piccadhly-street, 79 Foot; and " from thence Eastward, along the said Highway, to the " North-weft Corner of Two Houses belonging to the " said late Earl, 47 Foot and 8 Inches; and from, " thence turning Southward, by the East End of the said "Two Houses, and the Yard inclosed with them, 3a " Foot and 6 Inches; and from thence Eastward, along " the Wall that incloses the Yards belonging to the said " Two Houses, 39 Foot and Nine Inches; and from thence " Eastward, to Little Jermyn-street aforesaid, 33 Foot;

" and from thence turning Southward, along Little Jermyn-street aforesaid, to the South-east Corner of the " Ground first-mentioned, 131 Foot and 3 Inches; and " the other of the said Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground, " designed for the Church-yard or Cemetery, and where " on the said Five Houses, erefled by the said Sir " Wood (lately Cranmer) do (land, doth contain in Length " from East to West, 234 Foot and 9 Inches of Assize, " little more or less, and in Breadth 75 Foot and 3 Inches "of Assize, little more or less; and which laid Two " Pieces or Parcels of Ground, and the said Fabrick of " a Church, and Five Houses erefled thereon, are lying " and being in the said Parish of St. Martin in the , " in the said County of Middlesex-, between a Street there called Jermyn-street on the South, and a Wall inclosing " the Yards of several Houses fronting the said Street, called Pickadilie, in Part, and the said Stables of Sir

" Thomas Bond Baronet, in Part, and the said -

" street, in Part, and the said Two Houses of the said " Earl, and the House next mentioned in other Part, on " the Part of the North; and the said Street called Little " Jermyn-street on the East; and a House in the Tenure " of Mr. Thomas Thompson on the Welt; and also the " laid House situate and Handing on the North Side and "East End of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, " whereon the said Fabrick of a Church is erefled, bfetween the said Piece of Ground whereon the said Fabrick of a Church is erefled, on the South, and the " said Street called Piccadille-street on the North, and " Little Jermyn-street aforesaid on the East, and the said " House, doth contain in Front or Length 33 Foot of " Assize, little more or leis, and in Depth backward 32 " Foot and 6 Inches of Assize, little more or less; ancF " also the said Piece or Parcel of Ground before-mentioned, whereon the said Stables and Tenements do " Hand, and all Ways and Passages to the same Pieces " or Parcels of Ground, and Houses, belonging or appertaining, or therewith used."

Which said Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground first-mentioned, and the said Fabrick of a Church, and Five Houses thereupon erefled, and the said Messuage or House situate on the North Side of the said Piece of Ground, whereon the said Church is erefled, and also the said Piece or Parcel of Ground whereon the said Stables and Tenements then flood, and every of them, with their Appurtenances, are, by the said Signet Bill or Letters Patent, granted to the said Lord Jer, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trull, to be disposed of to the Purposes before-mentioned, and to the end that the Church thereon erected might be consecrated, and set apart for Divine Worship: And the King further grants. That the said Letters Patent, or the Inrolment thereof, shall be valid and effectual in Law against the Crown, notwithstanding any Millakes, Omissions, or Defects, in the said Letters Patent, and notwithstanding the not finding, or ill finding, of any Inquisition, by which the King's Title to the Premises, or any Part of them, ought to have appeared, before the Granting of the said Letters Patent; and notwithstanding the Statute made in the 18th Year of the Reign of King Henry the 6th, and the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of King Henry the 4th, or any other Statute or Ordinance whatsoever; and notwithstanding any Defect in not rightly naming the Nature, Kind, Quality, or Quantity, of the l*ren.:feo, or any Part or Parcel thereof; and notwithstanding any other Defefl whatsoever.

The Grant of the Reversion and Inheritance of the said

20 Geo. II. 28* Jprilis. 365

laid Lands under the Great Seal, dated the 31st May 1684, was also produced, and appears to be penned in the very same Words as the Signet Bill before-mentioned, except that the Occupier of One of the Tenements, fronting Piccadith, is in the Grant under the Great Seal,

called " John Elifton ;' whereas in the Signet Bill he is called John Clifton."

The Instrument of Consecration of the said Churchyard, dated the 10th Day of August 16S4, was also produced, wherein, after Recital of the Consecration of the said Church, upon the 13th of preceding, the Two Pieces of Ground before-mentioned, and then divided by a Wall, are described as containing the Dimensions following; viz.

" On the upper Part, including the Fabrick of the said Church, on the South Side thereof, from the South- call Corner of that Part of the other Piece or Parcel of Ground which is intended for the lower Church-" yard, to a Street called Little 138 Foot

" and 5 Inches of Assize, little more or lei's; and from thence Northward, by the East Side of the said Piece interded for the lower Church-yard, Seventy-five Feet and Three Inches; and from thence Eastward, to the South-ea(l Corner of Sir Thom Stables, Eighteen

" Foot t and from thence Northward, along the Wail in- closing Sir Thomas Bond's Stable-yard, to the Highway

* called Piccadilly-JIreet, Seventy nine Foot; and from

thence Eastward, along the said Highway, to the North- west Corner of Two Houses belonging to the said Earl,

" 47 Foot and 8 Inches-, and from thence turningSouthward, by the East End of the said Two Houses, and 4t the Yard inclosed with them, 32 Foot and Six Inches; " and from thence Eastwa.d, along the Wall that incloses " the Yards belonging to the said Two Houses, 39 Foot " and Nine Inches; a; <1 fr-m thence Eastward, to Jermyn-Jlreetaforesaid, 33 Foots and tr >m thence: m-

44 ing Southward, along Little- aforesaid, to

* the South-east Corner of tl e Ground tirft mentioned,

44 131 Feet and 3 Inches; and on the lower Part of the said Parcels of Ground, in Length from East to West, 44 231 Foot and Nine Inches ol Assize, little more or Ids, and in Breadth from Nouh to South, 75 Foot and Three Inches of Assize, little more or iefs."

Which said Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground, divided as aforesaid, were then consecrateJ by the Bishop of London, and let apart for a Church-yard, to be called by the Name of the Upper and Loiaer Cemetery of the Parish of St. James in the Fields.

An Alignment of the Premises to Sir Thomas Bond, and Thomas Bond Esquire, his Son, dated the 27th of January 1684, was ailo produced; which, after reciting that the Field or Close called Pell-mell Field, otherwise St. James's Field (whereof the Piece of Ground in Question is Parcel) was by an Instrument signed by the late Queen-Mother, and her Trustees, and also by Two Indentures under the Great Seal, granted to the late Earl of St. Alban, lor the respective Terms of 10 Years, 29' Years, and 20 Year's; and also reciting a Conveyance made by the said Earl, and his Trustets, of Part of the said Field or Close, to several Persons named in the said Conveyance, in Trust for the Ul'es therein specified, during the Residueof the liid respective Terms then un-expired, for the Realor.s and upon the Consideration, therein mentioned, assigns to the said Sir Thomas Bond, and Thomas Bond Esquire (among other Things) all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, Parcel ot St. James's Field, alias Pell-mell Field \aforesaid, containing in Front 40

Feet, and in Depth 73 Feet, or thereabouts, abutting on Pifcadiily-sheeton the North, and other Ground, Parcel of the same Field, let to the said Sir Thomas Bond, or some other Pei Ions in Trust for him, on the East; and other Part of the said Field, then inclosed for a Churchyard, on the South, and on the Messuage and Ground then or late of Anthony Hart on the West; and also the Two Messuages or Tenements, and the Stables and Coach-houses, and all other Edifices and Buildings created upon the l'unc Piece or Parcel of Ground, or any Part thereof,

V ol. 23.

which said Messuages or Tenements, Stables, Coach-houses, and Premises, last mentioned, were then in the Occupation and several Possessions of Richard Hayburne, the Countess Dowager of Northumberland, and the Earl of Montrath; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Ground, Parcel of the said Field, lying and being in or near the said Piccadilly-JIreet, between the said Street on the North, and the said Piece of Ground then inclosed for a Church-yard as well on the East as South, and the Messuage, House, and Ground, last mentioned on the Weft, which laid Piece or Parcel of Ground last mentioned is said to contain in Front, next the said Street, 25 Feet of Assize, or thereabouts, and in Depth backwards, from the said Street, 76 Feet of Assize, or thereabouts; and all'o all Courts, Yards, Backsides, Ways, Passages, Lights, Ealements, Profits, Immunities, Advantages, and Appurtenances, whatsoever, to the said several Meffujges or Houses, Grounds, and Premises, belonging, or in any wise appertaining.

Then, in order to shew what was the general Opinion of the said Parish, with regard ro the Matter in Question, a Plan of the Houses and Ground, mentioned in the said Petitions, drawn in the Year 1718, by Warren, One of the Sextons of the said Pariflr, was produced by Mr. Seddon, who said, he received it from the Bishop of Oxford; in which Plan the Piece of Ground in Dispute is stated as belonging to the Parish, and intended to belaid into the Church-yard, at the Expiration-of the said Sir Thomas Bond's, Lease.

The laid Mr. Seddon, Mr. Christopher Keys, and Mr. Hunt, being severally examined, as to the Character of the said Mr. Warren, laid, That he was an ancient Inhabitant, and esteemed an ingenious Man, and well versed in thv Affairs of the Parish.

The laid Mr. Christopher Keys being examined, in relation to the Plan before-mentioned, laid. That he had seen it in the Hands of Dr. Clarbf, late Rest or of the said Parish, who made no Objection to it; but, on the contrary, declared his Opinion to be, that the Piece of Ground in Question was intended to be laid into the Church-yard at Michaelmas 1740: That he (the Wit-nets) had hkewilc seen the said Pian in the present Rector's Hands, who laid, that he received it from his Predecessor. Dr. Tyrwhitt, as Part of the Papers and Records

belonging to the Parish, but did not know by what Authority it was drawn.

Being further examined, he said, That it was always the general Opinion of the Parish. that the said Piece of Ground was intended to be laid into the Church-yard; but that, at the Expiration of the said Lease, he being Bailiff and Receiver of t lie King's Rents in t he Manor of St. James, forbad the Tenant to pay Rent to the Bishop, thinking the Premites belonged to the Crown: That when he demanded the Rent, he was answered by the Tenant, that the BiQiop had a Petition depending, in relation to the Premises, and would make him Satisfaction; and that-a Caveat was (as the Witness believes) entered by the Bishop against the Sale of the Premises; but what was done upon it the Witness knew not.

The said Mr. Hunt, One of the Vestry-men of the said Parish, being examined, said, That he had been Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish in the Year 1705, and Churchwarden in 1723; and that the general Opinion of the Parish was, that this Piece of Ground was to be laid into the Church-yard, for the Benefit of the Parish: That when he was Churchwarden the Burial Fees amounted to above £.392; but that now they are much less, by reason of the Smallnefsof the Church-yard; and that the Want of this Piece of Ground is a Detriment to the Parish. And being asked. Whether ever he heard that any Rector ever designed to give the Ground in Question to the Parish, he laid. That, in his Opinion, the Recftor has nothing to do with it.

Being further examined, he laid. That he was always summoned to attend the Vestry, and had attended several Times, since the Year 1740; but that he never gave his Opinion at the Vestry, that the Pieceol Ground inQuef-

5 A tioa

St. Jame We llmi niter Church-yard.

28® Apr Hi s.

A. 1747-

St. Times' tion belonged to the Parish, nor ever heard any-thing Westminster Qf it there: That he signed the Petition of the Rec-Cuuroh-yar . for an(j Vestry.men, for granting this Piece of Ground to the Bishop; but that he did not read the Petition, nor knew any-thing of the Contents of it, only in general, that it wasaPetitionforannexing the said Piece of Ground to the Church-yard, as he was informed by the Clerk, who brought the Petition to him, and desired him to lign it.

Being asked. Whether he ever heard that this Ground was granted to the Rector ? he answered in the Negative; and said further, That he always imagined, that not only this Piece of Ground, but likewise all the Houses in Piccadilly, belonged to the Parish after Michaelmas 1740; and that the Rector had no Right at all to any of them.

A Memorial of the Bishop of , to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, in the Year 1740, was also produced; wherein the Memorialist represents, That by virtue of an Act, made in the First Year of King James the ad, he and his Successors, Rectors of the said Parish, are intitled to the Reversion in Fee of a Piece of Ground, whereon some Stables and Tenements are erected, in Piccadilly, adjoining to the Church-yard of the said Parish, after the Determination of a Lease made thereof, by the late Lord Jermyn and others, to Sir Thomas Bond, which would expire at Michaelmas then next ensuing: And that in perusing the said Act, and other Deeds relating to the Premises, it appears there is a Mif-take in the Description of the Grounds; and that the Memorialist had laid the said Act, with the same and other Papers relating thereto, before his Majesty's Attorney-General, and another of his Majesty's Counsel, for their Opinion, whereby the Validity of the Memorialist's Title appeared; and that he was apprehensive, that the Reprc-fentatives of the said Sir 'Thomas Bond, or others, might be induced to apply to their Lordships for a Grant of Part of the Premises, to the Prejudice of the Memorialist and his Successors; and therefore he prayed. That their Lordships would giveDirections for such Entries or Caveats to be made in the proper Offices, as might discourage any Attempt to disturb the Memorialist, or his Successors, in the peaceable Possession of this Part of the Endowment of the said Church; or at least that no Grant thereof might pass, without first hearing Counsel on behalf of the Memorialist and his Successors.

Which Memorial being referred to the Surveyor General, he, in his Report in Answer thereto, after reciting the before-mentioned Clause in the said Act, observes, That it appears, upon examining the Premises, that this Piece of Ground of 40 Foot by 25 Foot, does not abut East on the Church-yard, there being another Piece of Ground of 25 Feet Front, and 76 Feet deep, which interferes between them; so that of Necessity either the Front Dimension of 40 Foot, or the Eastern Boundary on the Church-yard must be mistaken; and that the Question will then be on the Construction of the Act, where the Mistake lies: That although the learned Counsel above-mentioned seem to think that the Mistake lies in the North Dimension, rather than the Eastern Boundary, and consequently that the 25 Feet Front, as well as the 40 Feet Front, are included in the Act; yet as the same on which they gave their Opinion wasftated only on the Act of Parliament, and the contemporary Demise of the Premises to Sir Thomas Bond, without any Retrofpcft to the Grant of King Charles the 2d, of the same Parcel, and to the same Uses, immediately preceding the Act, and from whence the Description of the Premises, and even the Mistake is copied, the Surveyor-General conceived it might be prop.r to consider how the Matter -flood under that Grant; and if a certain and necessary Construction of the Crown in the Letters Patent, notwithstanding the Mistake, could be come at, he apprehended it would naturally lead to the Construction of the same Words in the Act of Parliament.

Then after reciting the Contents of the Grant before-mtoiipood, under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 31st

May 1684, as far as they relate to the Matter in Question, the Surveyor-General observes. That there is the same Mistake in the Grant as in the Act of Parliament; and in order to discover where the Mistake arose, fays, he has traced the Proceedings in the Offices as far as he could, and finds that the Grant did not pass by Reference from the King to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and thence to the Offices under them, but by Warrant immediately from the King, drawn at the Secretary of State's Office, and directed to the Attorney-General, to prepare a Bill (or Draught of the intended Grant) which Bill is the First Instrument he (the Surveyor-General) could find relating to this Matter; so that what the Crown intended to convey by it, can only be learned by the Description of the Premises in the Grant itself, or from Circumstances attending them, about the Time of passing.

He further observes, That the Premises under Consideration were held and deemed, at and after the Time of passing the Grant, as Two separate Estates, devised by the Earl of St. Alban's to Two different Tenants, and under different Rents: That the First Parcel of 40 Foot by 75 Foot, was leased to one Joseph Thompson, under a Rent of Six Pounds per Annum, and was assigned over by him to Bond, subject to the same Rent; and that the other Parcel of 25 Feet by 76, was devised by the said Earl to one Sir Cafar Wood, in Trust for Bond, under a Rent of £.5 per Annum: That being thus possessed of both Parcels, did not use them separate, but together, as his OccafioBSrequired; so that the Stable-yard extended over the South Part of both Parcels; but that this promiseuous Use of them did not alter the Tenure, they being held still as Two Parcels, and Two Rents paid for them: And the Alignment from Lord Jermyn to Bond, dated 27 February 1684, which was after the Grant, calling them Two separate Parcels: And as the essential Parts of the Description in the Letters Patent, are express and certain, that what was granted was One Parcel containing in Front next Piccadilly 40 Foot, and in Depth 75 Foot, with Two Front Houses erected thereon, One in Possession of Hayburne, and the other of Clifton; and some Stables erected on the other Part thereof; and as there was a distinct Parcel, exactly corresponding with all these Particulars, the Surveyor-General submits to their Lordships, whether a new and separate Parcel of 25 Foot in Front, and 76 Foot in Depth, not therein mentioned, can be included in the Grant, from the single Circumstance of the Eastern Boundary; and whether the Boundary ought not to be governed by the more essential Parts of the Description; and the rather so, because, in the same of Lord Portland's Grant of the Dog Field in Soko, which was under their Lordships Consideration in the Year 1731, the Name of the Field and Number of Acres were mentioned in the Grant, but excluded by the Boundary; and the present and late Lord Chancellors, thenAttorney and Sollicitor-General, gave their Opinions,

hat the Grant included the Field, notwithstanding the Boundary.

That what (as the Surveyor-General apprehends) will render the Construction of the Letters Parent certain and necessary, is, that the Eastern Boundary on the before-mentioned Church-yard is no where to be found: That neither of the Parcels under Consideration could possibly abut Eastward on the aforesaid Church-yard, which lay intirely upon the South, and no Part thereof upon the East; that which lies on the East being the Ground whereon the Church was erected, and a quite separate. Thing, as evidently appears, on a careful Perui'al of the said Letters Patent; the necessary Consequence whereof will be, that the Western Parcel, of 40 Foot by 75, was granted to Lord Jermyn, and his Heirs, for the religious Uses above-mentioned; and that the Eastern Parcel of 25 Foot by 76, remained in the Crown.

The Surveyor-General concludes with observing, That the Construction of the Letters Patent being the refore certain and unavoidable, the Construction of the Act of Parliament which was immediately consequent to it, and

copied

ao Geo. II. a8° Jprilis.

Copied from it, should be so too; and, whatever the Parcel was which the Letters Patent veiled in Lord and his Heirs, in Trust, for the Uses therein mentioned, that the Act took from them, and vested in the Rector, and his Successors, and nothing more; but, if any Doubt should arise, the Advice of Mr. Attorney and Mr. Solli-citor-General might be taken thereupon; and in the mean time, if any Application for a Lease should be made, such Application might be (lopped, and the Memorialid heard, by his Count'd, before any Proceedings should be had thereupon.

Another Memorial of the said Bishop of ,to the

Chancellor of his Majesty's Exchequer, was also produced} which, after reciting the aforesaid Clause in the said Act of the Fir(l Year of King James the 2d, alleges, That the Ground in Question really contains, between the Western and Eastern Abutment, 65 Fret, more or lef«, in Front, towards Piccadilly; so that the Two Descriptions of it, by the Measure, and by the Abutments of it, don't agree: That the Memorialid, in the Year 1740, took Possession of the whole G round, as described by the Abutments; and had the Opinion of Mr. Attorney-General, and of Thomas Clarke Esquire, One of his Majesty's Counsel, that he was intitled by Law to the whole; and that no Opposition to his so doing was attempted, nor any Molestation given, or Demand made upon it, in relation to the said Ground, either then or since: That he is authorized by the said Act to demise the Premises, or any Part thereof, for 41 Yean, on a reasonable improved Rent, without any Fine; and that such a Lease will be greatly to the Advantage of his Successors; but that the Difagrcement between the Two said Descriptions will be a great Discouragement to any Person's taking such a Lease.

That the Church-yard of the said Parish is much too small for the Burial of the Dead; and can be sufficiently enlaiged no other Way, than by uniting to it Part of the abovel'aid Ground which abuts upon it; and that the Churchwardens and Vcdry-men of the said Parish, in behalf of the Parishioners, desire, that the Memorialid would join with them in applying for an Act of Parliament to impower him and them to agree on making a proper Addition to the said Church-yard, out of the said Ground, for a reasonable Consideration to be paid yearly to him and his Successors; and that he is willing and deftrous so to do; but that such Application will be fruitless, and such Agreement cannot be safely made and executed, whild any Doubt may be raised, from the said Di(agreement between the Two Descriptions of the said Ground, concerning his Title to the whole of it; and therefore the Memorialid prays the said Chancellor of the Exchequer to make a proper Kepresentation of this same to his Majesty, in order to obtain his Content that the above-recited Clause of the said Act of Jac. II. may be io explained in the said intended new Act of Parliament, as that the Memorialid, and his Successors, may be quieted in the Poflcssion of the said whole Piece of Ground, as fully as if it had been at first described to contain 65 Feet, indead of 40.

This Memorial being aho referred by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to the Surveyor-General, he, in his Report, in Answer thereto, dated the 25th of February 1746, after reciting the before-mentioned Clause in the said Act of the First Year of Ring James the Second, observes, That there is a Mistake in the Description of the Premises contained in the said Clause, either in the North Dimension of 40 Feet, or in the Eastern Boundary; for, if the Piece of Ground intended to be granted be rightly bounded on the present Church-yard, it mud contain 65 Feet, instead of 40 Feet mentioned in the Grant, which is the Construction the Memorialid would have established; whereas if the Ground intended to be granted contains only 40 Foot in Front, then the Eastern Boundary is wrong, which ought to have been on another Piece of Ground in Possession of Sir Thomas Bond, indead of the Church-yard: That the Description of the said Piece of Ground, as contained in the Act, is taken from the Description of the same Piece of Ground

Vol. 25.

contained in the Letters Patent of the 3 id of May 1684, both as to the Dimensions of the Front, and Depth of the Ground, the Names of the Occupiers, the Buildings etefted thereon, and also in all the Abuttals and Boundaries; and that even the Mistake itself, wherever it lies, is copied from the Letters Patent; and whatever the Crown intended to grant by the Words and Descriptions contained in the Signet Bill and Letters Patent before-mentioned, the same Construction, he apprehends, will be put upon the same Words and Descriptions in the Act, preluming that it was the Intention of the Legifla-ture, in passing the said Act, that whatever the Parcel was which was vested in Lord Jermyn by the Crown, as Part of the Minister's Endowment, should be taken from Lord Jermyn, and vested in the Rector, and his Successors, and nothing more.

Then, after reciting the Words of the Signet Bill and Letters Patent before-recited, the Surveyor-General observes, That it appears, upon the Face of them, that the Description of the Parcel under Consideration is perfect and complete without the Eastern Boundary, it containing in Front 40 Foot, and in Depth 75 Foot; abutting on Piccadilly North, South on the Church yard, and West on Anthony Hart Bricklayer; and the Two Tenements were. One in Possession of Richard Hayburne, Carpenter, and the other of John Clifton-, and as the Description is certain, so as to distinguish it sufficiently from any other Parcel, the Surveyor-General is of Opinion, that Certainty cannot be destroyed by the Angle Circumstance of an Eastern Boundary.

That this Parcel of 40 Foot in Front of , by

7 e Foot, had been formerly demised by the said Jate Earl of St. Alban's to one Joseph Thomson-, and that the adjoining Parcel of 25 Feet, by 76 Feet, had also been formerly demised by the said Earl to Sir Cafar , at/. 5 per Annum; and both these Parcels were held by Sir Tho-

mas Bond under the same Rents, payable to the said Lord Jermyn at the time of passing the Grant; and as only One Parcel is mentioned in the Granr, and that exactly corresponding with the Parcel demised to Thompson at /.6 a Year, the Surveyor-General thinks this Parcel only was intended to pats; and that, if the other Parcel had been intended to be granted, it would have been mentioned.

He further observes. That the Eastern Boundary, the aforesaid Church-yard, on which the Whole of the Me-morialist's Title to the other Parcel depends, was a palpable Error and Mistake, the Parcel of 4c Feet Front abutting East on the other Piece of Ground of 25 Feet Front, and that again on the other Piece of Ground granted for the Fabrick of the Church, and both the Parcel of 40 Foot and 25Foot Front abutting South upon the Church-yard; but that neither of them could possibly abut East on the Church-yard, as the same was described in the Letters Patent: That the Two Pieces of Ground, One for the Fabrick of the Church, and the other for the Church-yard, (Be. are very plainly defined in the Signet Bill and Letters Patent, and called by those Names uniformly throughout the Whole; and as the Idea of the Piece of Ground for the Fabrick of a Church is clearly ascertained, and distinguished from the Piece of Ground intended for the Church-yard, the Surveyor-General observes, That he cannot fee what Use the Memorialid can draw from the Eastern Boundary on the Church-yard, which is no where to be found without confounding the Two Parcels, and putting the Church-yard in the place of the other Parcel intended for the Fabrick ofaChurcn, which would contradict the whole Scope and Tenor of the Signet Bill and Letters Patentfrom End to End; and, though the Spare Ground of the Parcel, where the Fabrick of the Church (lands, might afterwards be used fora Church-yard, and be called by the Name of the Church-yard in any publick Deeds or Writings, or in the Act itself, yet he (the Surveyor-General) conceives that will not alter or affect the Construction of the Letters Patent, which must be governed by what was at the Time of granting; and if it was the Intention of the Legislature not to extend

St. James* Westminster Church-yard

368 a8° — *29°

the Provision for the Minister to any new Parcel besides what was before given by the Crown, then will the Clause in the Ait be only deemed a Confirmation, and the Con-ftrinftion thereof be the same as the Letters Patent.

The Surveyor-General, a Member of the House, being presentat the Committee when the latter of the said Reports was read, acquainted the Committee, That he believed the Bishop either saw the First Report, or was acquainted with the Contents of it; but that, the same not being agreeable to his Opinion, nothing was done upon it.

Mr. Chambers, Deputy to the Surveyor-General, being examined, said, That he fhlewed the First of the said Reports to the Bishop, that, if there was any Mistake, it might be rectified, and the whole Truth laid before the Treasury; and that the Bishop kept it some time, and, as he (the Witness) believes, laid it before Counsel; but that the Bishop made no Objection to any of the Fasts stated in the said Report; and only said. He was sorry the Surveyor-General was of Opinion against him; but that he (the Bishop) believed the Surveyor-General had acted as a faithful Servant of the Crown.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confirm an Agreement made by the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxf, Rector of the Parish of fames, within the Liberty of , and the Vestry-

mcn of the said Parish, for enlarging the present Churchyard of that Parish with additional Burial-ground; and for directing l'everal Sums of Money, now chargeable by Law, to be raised yearly, or occasionally, on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by separate and distinct Assessments, to be paid for the future out of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; and to prevent any Person's gaining a Settlement in the said Parish by being employed as a Beadle or Watchman: And that Mr. Carew and Sir Nathanael Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Morris'* The House resolved itfeJf into a Committee of the Divorce, whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Corbjri Morris Esquire with Elizabeth , his now Wife;

and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes l herein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dtipplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Ditpplin reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Minutes of The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Tryals of ' executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Admiral £,i tain, presented to the House, pursuant to several Ad-

Mathews»Stc. <jre^}*cs to his Majesty, Copies of all the Minutes taken at and upon the several Tryals of Admiral,

Admiral Lejlock, Captain Robert Pett, Captain William Dilke, Captain Temple WCaptain George Sclater, Captain Thomas Cooper, and Captain fames respectively, and of all the Proceedings relating the reunto; together with a Paper, containing the Title of the said Copies.

And the said Paper was read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, to be peruftd by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis. . 1747.

Mercurit, 29* die Aprilis;

Anno 20° Georgii IP* Regis, 1747.

Pray f.rs.

THE Lord Dtipplin, according to Order, reported Morris'*

from the Committee of the whole House, to whorfi Divorce,

thfc ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Esquire with Elizabeth Fan/hawe, his now Wife; and to enable hirti to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments , which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 33. After "any," insert "wife:"

Pr; 4. L. 41. Leave out " fttne," and insert " April:'

Pr. 5. L. 5. After " Brother," insert Simon fiawe Esquire:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second, time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whorfi Powys'

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftatw.

for Sale of the real Estate of Richard Powys Esquire, deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Daughters Portions; and for other Purposes therein expressed; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, to whom the Mitch*H*«

in "rolled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to im- Estate*. power the Guardians of William M, and other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates in the several Counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Middlesex, Cambridge, Lei-

cejfer, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their Minorities, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House; without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Lord Dtipplin, according to Order, reported, from Union of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Salvator ao4 for uniting the Two Colleges of St. Salvator and St. Leo- £ejjnar<* nard, in the University of St. Andrews, pursuant to an 0 Agreement for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him > to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; ands upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And fevfral Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,- be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Curtis' for Sale of the settled and other Estate of John Estate.

in the County of Norfolk, and applying Part of the Money arising thereby in Payment of Legacies and Debts, and applying other Part of such Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses; and for 18 other

A

20 Geo. II. 29° — 30° Jpritis.

Buhell'f

Name.

Garrard*s

WUL

Supply*

other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Bushell Esquire, and his Defendants, to take and use the Surname and Arms of was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Rufhou do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House bath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vacating a Writing purporting a Will, and also certain Deeds, executed by Thomas Garrard the elder, Esquire, deceased; and for making a new Settlement and Disposition of his real and personal F.state; at the Desire, and with the Consent, of his Six Sons; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill;

L. 1. Leave out for vacating a Writing purporting a Will, and also certain Deeds, executed by Thomas Garrard the elder, Esquire, deceased; and

L. 4. Leave out " new

L. 4 and 5. Leave Out " and Disposition

L. 5. Leave out " his," and insert " the" instead thereof; and, after " Estate," insert " of Thomas Gar- rard the elder, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to his In- tention declared in his Life-time; and

And the same were, upon the Questi on fevera put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered That Sir John Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this' House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rc/o/ved, That this Houte will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sopply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday^Aoming next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in,

to other foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the Taking of an Oath.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Major-General Orlethmpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Major-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and madefeve-ral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in the Counties of Suffix, Surrey, and Stafford, for Payment of Debts and Legacies: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Albert Fandenvelde, Merchant: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And a'so,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportafion; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Eafeof Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

Sheriffs in resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Return of the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return Proccft. of Process, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Fraodi io Ad- Ordered, That the Order, made upon the 15th Day

measuren ent of this instant April, That the Bill to explain, amend, fCmls. an{j rcn(jer more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Sef-iion of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of minster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex-, and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Vol. 25.

yovis, 30° die Aprilis;

Anno 20* Georgii IP* Regis, 1747. Prayers.

MR. Phimer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Safe of certain Estates in Tra in and Datchworth, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Jane, Anne, Mary, and Susanna Awdrey Kemeys, Infants, pursuant to an Agreement entered into by their Trustees for that Purpose, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fatnte to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered thp Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Albert Vandenvelde, Merchant, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

5 B An

Way* and Means.

Foreign

Protestants

Nat.

Moore's

Estates.

Vandcnrclde's

Nat.

Transporttd

Rebels.

Kemejrs*

Estates.

Vandenvdde's

Nat.

Worru'i

Divoice,

Scotch

Heritable

Jurisdiction.

370 30° Ap 1747.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Esquire, with Elizabeth Fanshawe, his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That the Lord D do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the Commissioners of the Land Tax for the . Sheriffdom of Dumfrieswhich comprehends the Stewartry of Annandale, assembled together at Dumfries upon the 18th Day of April 1747 Years, for putting in Execution an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, was presented to the House and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners being informed, that a Bill is depending in this House for taking away and abolishing the heretable Juril'dictions in that Part of Great Britain called , and for making

Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; beg Leave to acquaint this House, That having in no Instance, that the Petitioners can recoiled, found the Exercise of the Jurisdiction of the Sheriffof Dum, Stewart of Annandale,

or of the Judges of the several Regalities within the same, injurious or oppressive to their Persons or Properties; but having, on the contrary, received many Ad vantages from the (peedy, impartial, and easy, Administration of Justice, within their own Precincts; and those Advantages, as they flatter themselves, fully secured to them by the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms; they cannot but be greatly alarmed at any Attempt to innovate or alter a Constitution which the Petitioners and their Ancestorshave lived happily and quietly under, all Innovations being attended with many unforeseen Inconvenk encies: That the Petitioners think themselves no less interested in the Fate of the said Bill, than the Owners of the Jurisdictions thereby intended to be taken away, all being equally affected, though not in the same Shape; the Petitioners not foreseeing that Justice would be administeredn upon the Plan of this Bill, with so much Ease and Convenience as at present, or with greater Impartiality to the People: That, if the late wicked and unnatural Commotions in the Kingdom have given Rife to this Bill, the Petitioners must beg Leave to observe, that these cannot be charged upon the Powers acifing from heretable Jurisdictions, but upon thelnfluence the Highland Chiefs have over their several Clans; an Authority founded upon no Law, norconnefted with the Power of any legal Jurisdiction granted by the Sovereign, but established by ancient Custotn, blindly submitted to by the People in that Part of the Kingdom, and which has upon many former Occasions been the Object of the Attention, of the Legislature: That the Petitioners hope to be excused for observing, that they consider the Custom of taking down and reducing into Writing the Evidence given in capital and criminal Causes, and Prosecutions before the Court of Judiciary, and the Circuit Courts in Scotland, a6 a greater Security to the Subject, in regard the Jury have the Evidence more fully before them, and can consider the same more deliberately than the Evidence of Witnesses examined in a Hurry viva voce: And therefore, for these Realons, submitting their Sentiments of this Bill, and praying that it may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-Council, in Name of the Community, of the Borough of in

18

the County of Air, subscribing, was presented to the Scotch House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, H«ewhle being informed that a Bill is depending in the House for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; beg l^eave to acquaint the House, That all the inferior Jurisdictions are extremely beneficial to the Subjects, as they obtain Justice at their Door, and at a small Expence, these Jurisdictions creating no Dependence in the People upon the Judges; and that as the Petitioners never experienced any Tyranny, Oppression, or intended Partiality or Injustice, in the Administration of the inferior Judges, fb neither have they any Apprehensions thereof for the future, as an easy and effectual Remedy can be had from the Court of Session when any Mistakes in Judgment happen, to which every Mortal is liable; and that as these Jurisdictions and Offices, whether heretable or for Life, are by the 18th and 20th Articles of the Union facrodly secured to the then Possessors, the Petitioners apprehend it will be esteemed a Breach of the publick Faith, and an open Violation of that sacred Treaty, as well as equal to oblige the Proprietors of fbefe Jurisdictions to fell their Eftatfs'; and will involve the Subjects in immense Trouble and Expence beyond what they are now put to, or are abl.e to bear, and render the Administration of Justice more ineffectual and flow, should the said Bill be allowed to pass into a Law,; and that this and many other Boroughs will be dripped of the Benefit they now enjoy, by being the Seats of the Courts of Justice, the only Amends they have for the Expence of building and supporting publick Prifoar houses: And therefore, for these several Reasons, submitting their Sentiments of the said Bill unto" the House^ and praying that it may not pass into a Law,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

1

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of - Ditta. rung, Head Borough of the Regality thereof; and also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of , in the Regality of Kilwinning;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners having in noinstance.as they can recollect, found the Exer-cil'e of heretable J urisdictions in Scotland injurious 01 , oppressive to their Persons or Properties, but having, on the contrary, received many Advantages from the 'speedy, impartial, and easy Administration' of Justice within their own Precincts; and those Advantages, as the Petitioners flattir themselves, fully lectured to them by the Treaty of Union between the Two Kingdoms, they cannot but be greatly alarmed at any Attempt to innovate or alter a Constitu1 tion which they and their Ancestors have lived happily and quietly under: That the Petitioners t lunk themselves no less interested in the Fate of the said Bill than the Owners of the Jurisdictions thereby intended to be taken away, all being equally affected*. though not in the same Shape; and that the Petitioners look upon it, i"0, as a manifest Violation of the 18th, 19th, and 20th, Articles of the Union,

md, as it is an Attack upon the Union itself, renders their moil valuable Concerns, secured by that Treaty, precarious; 2do, That it is with the greatest Concern the Petitioners apprehend the Consequence of a Change in the Nomination of Judges in the inferior Courts, as the Petitioners and their Ancestors have enjoyed great Quiet and Benefit from the free and impartial Exercise of these Jurisdictions by Judges nominated by Noblemen and Gentlemen, their Neighbours in the Country, especiallyas there has been always an easy and very effectual Redress provided in the Court of Session, in case of Mil-

takes

m, , try 5COICII

Heiwftbk

[un&iidions

2o Geo. IL 30° Aprilis. 371

takes or Malcverfations by these inferior Judges, which, upon these Accounts, are in confront Use, to be applied to on every proper Occasion; in place of which, the Petitioners apprehend great Hardships they may lie under by Judges nominated by great Ministers, who are at too great a Difrance, and too much employed, to hear the just Complaints that may be made againfr them; 3*'*, That the Petitioners dread the fatal Effects the Parting of the said Bill may have upon the Constitution itself, and their common Liberty, so effectually secured by that sacred Treaty, now openly attacked by it, by the great additional Weight of Ministerial Influence it must necessarily create among the Petitioners: And therefore, for these several Keafons, submitting their Sentiments of the said Bill to the House, and praying that it may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Archibald Esquire, heretable

Sheriff of the Sheriffdom of R, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That this Jurisdiction of heretable Sheriff of the County of , now

verted in the Petitioner, has for many Ages part been possessed by his Predecessors; and that in no Instance did ever either he or they exercise it to any other Purpose than to the Good of the Subjects living in that Part of the Country over which it extends: lhat a it appears to have been the Sense of the Legislature, even in ancient Times, when the Liberty of the Subject was not so well secured as it is at pitfent, that these heretable Jurisdictions were Rights of Freehold, of which the Possessor could not be deprived without his own Content, or the Commifrton of a Crime; so the only Attempt that ever was made, not indeed to abolish, but to in pair, them by a Statute passed in the Year 1681, was, by the Parliament called at the late happy Resolution, represented as One of the Grievances of the Nation, and accordingly repealed; and that since that time these Rights have been secured to the Porte flora by the Treaty of Union, upon the Faith of which they relied; and that in no time thereafter they could be disquieted, unless they should be found to deserve it by their own Fault or Offence; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends that he, and many other loyal Subjects, would be deprived of their Property and Freehold, which he thinks himself more bound to infifr upon, that he is fully persuaded thcle Jurililiftions, when legally exercised, tend greatly to the Advantage of the Subjects of that Part of the united Kingdom; and that when they are so exercised, as that of the Petitioner's has always been, he is advised they cannot be taken away from the Proprietor without his own Consent: And therefore praying the House, That he may be heard, by his Counsel, againfr parting this Bill into a Law; an Indulgence which he hopes will never be refuted to any Subject, whose Pro|>erty is to be affected by any Bill depending in this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of Charles Duke of Queen/-berry and Dover (which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of this inst int April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the Petition of William Earl of March (which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of this instant April, and then ordered to lie upon thte Table) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit. Ordered, That the Petition of Alexander Earl of Eg-Vol. 25.

Untoune (which was presented to the House upon the,

14th Day of this instant April, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Mr. Carew presented to the House, according to Or- St. Jamei* der, a Bill to confirm an Agreement made by the Right Westminster Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Iteftor of the Church'Jra' Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and the Vestry-men of the said Parish, for enlarging the present Church-yard of that Parish with additional Burial-ground; and for directing several Sums of Money, now chargeable by Law, to be raised yearly, oroccafionally, on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by separate and distinct Assessments, to be paid for the future out of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; and to prevent any Person's gaining a Settlement in the said Parish by being employed as a Beadle or Watchman: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Powyt' for Sale of the real Estate of Richard Powys Esquire, de- Efl«e. ceased, for Payment of his Debts and Daughters Portions; and for other Purposes therein expressed; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Complaint being made to the House, of a corrupt Privilege. Attempt made by William Willoughby to influence several Burgesses of the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, to give their Votes for Two Candidates to represent the said Borough in the next Parliament, by distributing a Sum of Money for that Purpose;

And the House being informed, That Richard Willoughby Esquire could give Information to the House of that Matter, and attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, being at the Bar cxaihined, testified what he knew of the said Attempt.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That William Willoughby do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Henry Gerund do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Richard Beckett do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Edward Ransome do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That John Sherringham do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Edward Beckett do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Henry Dukes do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Isaac Chant do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Benjamin Cholfey the elder do attend ihis House upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That Richard Willoughby Esquire do attend this House upon Monday Sevennight.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- Tenure of ing to Order, a Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands Ward-hold-by Ward-holding in that Part of Great Britain called Scot* Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon; and for converting the same into other Holdings; and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

A Motion

372 3

A Motion being made, That the said Bill be read a

Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, that, as far as his Interest is concerned, the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Transported An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rebels. to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

jekvlPs Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred Mate. to examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Fast contained in the Petition of Thomas Jekyll, Edward ky/l, Richard BJacket Jekand Hannah Jekyll, in behalf

of themselves, and the refi of the Twelve residuary Legatees named in the Will of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, late Matter of the Rolls, deceased, be revived.

Call of The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, be-the House. ing rca(j.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Six Weeks.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Yarmouth A Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending. Harbour, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the (aid- Haven from Accidents by Fire; was read a Second time,.

Resolved, That the Bill be, committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vienerisy i° die Man;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. ... r Prayers.

Thirlk Writ. ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in thispre-sent Parliament for the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York, in the room of Sir Thomas Baronet,

deceased.

Gloucffler Mr. Berkeley reported from the Committee, to whom Re. Roads! the Billfor continuing the Term.andenlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the llords from the City of Gloutefter to the City of Hereford-, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester-,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegat ions of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

— 1° Mail 1747*

federally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keme)/ for Sale of certain Estates in Tewin and Datchworth, in £statts the County of Hertford, the Estate of Jane, Anne, Mary, and Susanna Awdrey Kemeys, Infants, pursuant to an

Agreement entered into by their Trustees for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act MitchM to impower the Guardians of William Mitchell, and other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates in the several Counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Cambridge,

Leicester, Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during their Minorities, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Caretvdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for uniting the Two Colleges of St. Union of Salvator and St, Leonard, in the University of St. - J'*lvat"r a*^ drews, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, was coriewi. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tirle be. An Act for uniting the Two Colleges of St. Salvator and St. Leonard, in the University of St. Andrews, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Scot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself irito a Scotch Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking away and ^bolifiling the heretable Jurisdictions in that J Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the' Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice, throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re(iimed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had.heard Counsel upon the several Petitions referred to them; and had received Evidence for the Petitioners Charles Duke of Queensberry arid Dover, William Earl of March, and Alexander Earl of Eglintouand had made jlpme Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That (they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning neitt, resolve itfolf.intto a Committee of die whole Houf$, to cQnfidfer, further of the said Bill.

; The other Order of the Day fcfeing trad5 . '

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the foreign whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions ro^nl‘ of an Act, piade in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Proqestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conscien-tiously scruple the Taking of an Oath, was (committed, be received upon Monday Morning next.

, And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

io Geo. II

St.

WrOminster

Chinch-yard.

Defence by

Count el on

lui >ructiiiml»

ol Treasun.

Support of dif:ib:ed Seamen, &c.

Supply.

W«y» and Meant.

Scotch

Herttable

Jurisdictions.

4-5

Luna, 4" die Maii;

Anno 20® Georgii Hdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

ABIL L to confirm an Agreement made by the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford., lleftor of the Parish of St. "fames, within the Liberty of minster, and the Vellry-men of the said Parish, for enlarging the present Church-yard of that Parish with additional Burial-ground; and for directing several Sums of Money, now chargeable by Law, to be raised yearly, or occasionally, on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by separate and distinct Assessments, to be paid for the future out of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; and to prevent any Person's gaining a Settlement in the said Parish by being employed as a Beadle or Watchman; was read a Second time.

Refolded That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Scrope, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Of-

ba/defton, Mr. Hales, Mr. Cope, Mr. Tuffnell, Sir Nathanael Carton, Mr. Trelawitty, Mr. Mr.

biooke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Tucker, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilk inf on, Mr. Roll, Mr. Fonerean, Mr. Walpole, Sir Hugh Smilhjon, Mr. Chet Lord Chetwynd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fere, Mr. Mr.

hend, Mr. Page, Mr. Tyner, Lord Carpenter, Sir Philipps, Mr. Gore, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Torke, Mr. Legge, Sir Thomas Drury, Mr. Campbell, Mr. , Mr.

Go.J'j/pltiu, Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. West, Sir Henry dell, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lyttelton; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in me Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, Nemine contradicente. That Leave! be given to bring in a Bill for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Trcalbn, to make their full Defence by Counsel: And that Sir William Yonge, Sir John Strange, Mr. Carezv, Mr. Sollicitor General, Mr. Attorney-General, and the Lord Advocate of do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill fir the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service;

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole I louse, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order1, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisiliftions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Juuice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there j and for Voi. 2$.

Maii. 373

rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lard Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conlcien-tioully icruple the Taking of an Oath, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis^ 50 die Maii 5

Anno 20* Georgii IP' Regis, 1747. Prayers.

MESSAG'E from the Lords, by Mr. Thurston and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Farm and Lands in Cullnmpton, in the County of Draon, late the Estate of Robert Drew Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Cruwys Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with Mary Drew Widow; and for discharging a Mortgage on the said Estate: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mark Liotardand Henry To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vacating a Writing purporting a Will, and also certain Deeds executed by Thomas Garrard the Elder, Esquire, deceased; and fot making a new Settlement and Disposition of his real and jierfonal Estate; at the Desire, and with the Content, of his Six Sons: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by fills House to the Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Esquire with Elizabeth Fanr his now Wife; and to enable him to marry again j and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

f An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford; and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester-, was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, grahted by an Act, passed in the iith Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads frorri the ChyoC Gloucester to the City of Herefordand for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester.

5 C - - Or direct.

Foreign

Protestants

Nat.

Drew*

Estate*

Liotard'fltfcc. Nat. '

Garrard*

Will.

Morri»'t

Divorce.

Gloucester, &c. Roach.

Vaudcmrcld^'s

Nat.

Privilege.

Scotch

Heretable

Jurisdictions.

374

5* Maii. d. 1747.

Ordered \That Mr. Berkeley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the I.ords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Albert Vandenvelde Merchant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Roll, Sir JVm. Calvert, Mr. , Mr. , Mr. Plnmptre, Mr. Finch, Sir John Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Garth, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Wynn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vere, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Jeaffrefon, Mr. Gore, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Scot, Mr. OJbaldeston, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hampden: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That John Stephens Victualler, of Hindon, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Philip Beckett Butcher, of Hindon, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, of Roxburghe, whose Name? are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners observing a Bill brought into Parliament, intituled, A Bill for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; think themselves obliged, in Duty to their Country, themselves, and their Posterity, to represent against it, and petition the House, That it may not pass into a Law, for the following Reasons: — Because it appears to them. That heretable Jurisdictions, intended to be taken away by the Bill, were, by the 20th Article of the Treaty of Union, secured to the Proprietors thereof as Rights of Property j that therefore any Infringement upon them might justly alarm every Proprietor in that Part of the united Kingdom, as this is an Attack upon private Property, without Consent of the Proprietor: — Because, by the 18th Article of the said Treaty of Union, it is provided. That no Alteration be made in the Laws which concern private Property, except for the evident Utility of the Subjects within Scotland-, and these heretable Jurisdictions, as being private Rights of Property, ought not to receive any Alteration, but for the evident Utility of Scotland -, and the Petitioners cannot observe any Utility arising to Scotland from this Act; for as they have hitherto had Justice administered to them in that Country by an heretable Sheriff, there nevey occurred to them any Reason of Complaint of such Jurisdiction, but on the contrary liaVe found the Sheriff always ready and willing to administer Justice in the most equal and impartial Manner: — Because this Infringement of the Articles of Union mull certainly alarm that Country, as that most solemn Treaty is the only Security they have for their Rights and Privileges: — Because they are not Satisfied, that vesting the Nomination of Sheriffs in the Crown can beof any Advantage to the Constitution of that Country, as it leems to be an unnecessary Addition to the Power of the Crown; and as the Sheriffs are the returning Officers, it may be attended with bad Consequences in Elec-ons: — Because, by this Bill, great Alterations are intended to be made in the Administration of Justice \n that Part of the united Kingdom, and the Petitioners are sensible that such Alterations mud be attended with unavoidable Difficulties, and will rather tend to distract the Subjects rhan to make the Administration of Justice more easy; the Petitioners are well Satisfied with the Administration of Justice in its present 'Form; and such an Alteration as is intended will require new and unusual Forms of Procedure, which will naturally produce great Confu-Ijon, and, as the Petitioners are afraid, may be made a

Precedent for greater Alterations in the ancient Laws of that Part of the united Kingdom, which were Solemnly reserved to them by the sacred Treaty of Union; besides, by the 19th Article of that Treaty, the Court of Session is stipulated to remain in all Time coming within Scotland, as then constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the Authority and Privileges as before the Union; and as this Bill incroaches in divers Respects upon the Jurisdiction of the Court of Session, it becomes thereby an evident Infringement of that Article: And therefore praying, That, for these Reasons, the House will not pals this Bill into a Law; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against it.

Ordered, That the Said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Consumers of Coals in the City Fraiidi in and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, on behalf '*

of themselves, and several other Consumers, was presented Coa to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners will be obliged, by the Bill now depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectua', an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,'

An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abu-fes committed in the Admeasurement of CoaJs, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary leBon, and such Part of the Parish of St, Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex j and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; to pay an unnecessary Charge for the Metage of their Coals, in Cales where there is no Occasion for any Admeasurement, there being no Probability of Fraud: That the Petitioners apprehend there are Sufficient Powers in the before-mentioned Act, and several former Acts, to remedy any Frauds or Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in case the same were duly put in Execution; and that the said Bill, should it pals into a Law, will greatly inhance the Price of Coals; and will, instead of being of Service, be both oppressive and burdensome to the Petitioners, and the other Consumers within the said Limits: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of their said petition.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, Dealers Bounty 00 in, Linens made in Great Britain and Ireland, whose W& Lion*. Karnes are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them-feWcs, and many others concerned in the said Trade and Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, which passed in the ifth and 16th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, it was enacted. That, out of the additional Duty thereby.laid on foreign Cambricks imported into this Kingdom after the First Day of August 1742, there should be paid certain Bounties, therein expressed, for the several Species of coarse British or Irish linens therein described, which, within the Term of Seven Years, to commence from the 25th of March 1743, or at any time thereafter before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great Britain, in the Manner therein mentioned; and that the said Act directed the Officers concerned in collecting the said additional Duty to keep a separate Account thereof; and that such Part thereof as should not be paid, by the respective Collectors, to the Persons intitled to the said Bounty,

should be remitted to the Receiver-General of the Customs, in whose Hands it should remain, and be applied only to the Payment of the said Bounty, unless it should

appear

20 Geo. II. 5° — 6* Mali. 375

appear that more Money aroie, by the said additional Duties, than should be sufficient to answer and discharge the Bounties thereby granted; in which same the Lords of the Treasury were thereby impowered to direct the (ante to be paid into the Exchequer tdWards the Sinking Fund, by the Title of Duty on Cambricks, by the said Act of the 15th and 16th of George the Second: That the said Bounty, not proving a sufficient Encouragement to the said Manufacture of coarle I Inens in Great Britain and Ireland, by an Act of Parliament, made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, certain additional Bounties were granted for the several Species of British and Irish Linens therein mentioned, which, between the

24th of June 1745, and the 25th of March 1750, or at

any time thereafter, before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great

tain, as therein is mentioned; such additional Bounties to be paid out of the Monies that had arisen, or should arise, by the said Act of the 15th and 16th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for laying an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported; and that in the same Session of Parliament an Act passed, for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Ixwns, whereby the importing them into Great after the First Day of August 1745, is prohibited: That, encouraged by the said additional Bounty, great Numbers of Looms have, since the granting of the fame, been let at Work in Great Britain and Ireland, for making coarfo Linens, intitled to the said Bounties, in which many thousand poor People, old and young, are employed: And that several of the Petitioners, on the Credit and Expectation of receiving such Bounty, have bought large Quantities of such Linens, and shipped the same for Exportation to America, and other Places: That the said additional Duty on foreign Cambricks, between the First of August 174a, when it commenced, and the First of August 1745, when the Prohibition of the Importation of Cambricks took Place, amounted to Twenty-five thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Two pence Three Farthings; and the Bounties already paid thereout amount only to Ten thousand Nine hundred Twenty-six Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings; and the Residue of the said Money, being Fifteen thousand Pounds, hath been, by Orders of the Lords of the Treasury, pursuant to the Di-red ions of the said Act, paid into his Majesty's Exchequer to the Sinknig Fund, by the Title of Duty on Earn-bricks, by the Act of the 15th and 16th George the Second: That there is unpaid to the Petitioners and several other Exporters, in respect of the said Bounties, I'ere-ral Sums, amounting to Two thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one Pounds, for which Debentures have been prepared at the Custom-house; but such Debentures have not been signed, in regard a Doubt hath arisen, whether the said Bounties are payable since the Time the said Duty on the Importation of foreign Cambricks ceased: That unkfs Provision be made for paying the said Bounties, which are or shall become due on the Exportation of the said British and Irish Linens, the Exportation thereof will be intirely at a Stop; and the Petitioners, who purchased great Quantities thereof, on a Belief they were intitled to such Bounties, will be great Sufferers: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Duty on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this C*mbi\ckt. Iloufe, An Account of the net Produce of the additional Duty on foreign Cambricks, from the First Day of August 1742, when the said Duty took Place, to the Expiration of the said Duty.

Bounties on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Irish Linens. House, An Account of what Bounties have been paid out Vol. 25.

of the Produce of the said Duty, on the Exportation of coarse Linens, of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, pursuant to the Acts for that Purpose; and the Amount of such Debentures as remain unsatisfied.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act D,rew'* for veiling a Farm and Lands in Cul/umpton, in the County nUlte*' of Devon, late the Estate of Robert Drew Gentleman, deceaseil, in Trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Cruwys Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with Mary Dreiv Widowand for discharging a Mortgage on the said Estate; was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Support of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and dif- ' abled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service j

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Scotch a Committee of the whole House, to consider further _ of the Bill for taking away and abolishing the heretable *ur l0IU* Jurisdictions in that Part of Great called Scotland,

and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the Kings Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupp/in took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of foreign the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Pro- Proieftanu vHions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Nat‘ Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are lettled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conlcientiously scruple the Taking of an Oath, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Maii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Liotard'«,*cc.

Act for naturalizing Mark Liotard and Henry Uhthoff, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John David Ziegell was presented to the Z;.egett'» House, and read; praying that his Name may be inserted in the Bill, now depending before this House, for naturalizing Mark Liotard and Henry Uhthoff.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Major-

Foreign Prof c (lints Nat.

Defence by

Counsel on Impeachments of Xseafon.

*Tenute of Ward-holding in Scotland.

Tiansported

Rebels.

Ease of

Sheriffs in Return of Process*

Support of dUabled Seamen, Icc.

376 6 — 7°

Major-General Oglethorpe, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such Foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in , to

other foreign Protestants, who conscientioully scruple the Taking of an Oath, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place'; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Sir William Yonge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Counsel: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by Wardholding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon; and for converting the same into other Holdings; and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of lingle and Life-rent Escheats, incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitpled. An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of Process;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mali. A. 1747.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself inro a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking away and abolishing the h'eretable JurisJiftions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for reftjring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the -Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there: and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee.ThaC they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, Thai they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovist y° die Mali;

Anno 20* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

QR DERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual an Act, passed in the last Oeflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effirftually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of adjoining the re-

to, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the , St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew liolborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex-, and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, ia certain Cafes; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bilj for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their lull Defence by Counsel, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be 'graciously pleated to confer some Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Fulham. Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented lo his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

20 Sir

Scotch

Heritable

Jurisdictions.

Fraud* in Admeasure* merit of Coals.

YarmootH

Harbour.

Defence by Counsel on IiiiiTaclimcflU

of Treason.

AddrHi fof Dignity for the Chaplain.

J

20 Geo. II. 7° Maii.377

Sir Henry Liddell reported from the Committee, tct whom the Petition of ! Thomas Jekyll, Edward Richard Blacket Jekyll, and Hamah Jekyll, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Twelve residuary Legatees named in the Will of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, late Matter of the Roll's, deceased, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fad; contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Examination of the Matters of Fa<tt contained in the said Petition, the Committee find. That by an Act: made in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for impowering the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being, to make Leases for Years, in order to new build the old Houses belonging to the Rolls (whichAd recitcs.That the M an fion-house, Ground, and Tenements, belonging to the Matter of the Rolls, were much out of Repair, and not capable of Improvement, in regard the Matters of the Rolls were not enabled to grant such Leases, and for such Terms as might encourage Tenants to build and to repair) it is enacted, That the Matter of the Rolls for the Time being, and his Successors, Matters of the Rolls, flin.ll have good Right, full Power, and lawful Authority, during the Time he or they shall continue Matters of the Rolls, by Writing indented under Hand and Seal, to grant and make Leases for One-and-Forty Years, or for any lefferTerm, to commence from the Making of any such Leases, of all and singular the Premises, or any Part thereof (the Chapel of the Rolls, with a convenient Mansion-house, Courtyard, Garden, and other Appurtenances, fit for the Habitation of the Matter of the Rolls only excepted); and it is provided. That the Matter of the Rolls, for the Time being, or any succeeding Matter of the Rolls, after the Premises had been once let ten, according to the Power given as aforesaid, should not grant or make any new or concurrent Lease, until within Seven Years of the Expiration of the Lease then in being, nor for any letter Rent than was reserved upon the former Lease, nor for any longer Term than Twenty-one Years, from the making such new Lease.

That upon Inquiry made, none of the Leases granted by Sir Har bottle Grim Hon can be found; but Charles

Frewen, Esquire, an Officer in the Rolls the Time Sir Joseph Jekyll was Matter of the Rolls, has seen several Counterparts of those Leases, which were granted for the Term of Forty-one Years, particularly those granted to Sir Beversham Filmer, One of the Matters in Chancery, and which bore Date a Year or Two after the said Act was made.

That on the 13th of July 1717, Sit Joseph Jekyll was appointed Matter of the Rolls; and the Houses belonging to the Rolls being in a very ruinous Condition, in or about the Year 1719 he rebuilt Nine of the said Houses, according to a Plan designed by Colin Campbell Esquire, deceased; and within a few Years after, Thirty other of the said Houses were rebuilt by the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, under the Direction and Survey of Mr. Biggs deceased, and his Nephew William Biggs: That the Expence of rebuilding the First Nine Houses was 5 or £.6,000, and the I'x pence of the 30 Houses was about £.25,000.

That the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, from the Opinion he expressed, did not doubt his having a Power, under the above-recited A<tt, to grant Leases for the Term of 41 Years, of Houses rebuilt; and when the Plan and Elevation of Ten of the Thirty Noufes were laid before him, for his Approbation, he inquired. How long Houses builc according to those Plans would (land ? and being informed they would continue longet1 than 41 Years, he said. He would luve them built as strong and as well as if they were his own Inheritance s whereupon the Plan was altered, the Walls made thicker, the Timber of larger Dimension, an additional Story was added to each House, and the Height of the other Stories raised 18 Vol. 25.

Inches, and Vaults were built, and the Extent of each of the said Houses was enlarged backwards, which cauled a Difference of Expence, in the Articles of Brick and Tiin-ber only, to the Amount ol £.200 each House; betides Marble Chimney-Pieces, Brals Locks, and other Decorations, which amounted to £.150 more each House.

That the Account of the Expence of building the said Houses was stated by Mr. Frewen, who was Steward to Sir Jof ph Jekyll, in the Year 1734; and the Vouchers being then delivered to Sir Joseph Jekyll, cannot now be found, but are supposed to have been deftreyed as useless Papers, Sir Joseph not regarding Papers of that Nature, after he had settled Accounts.

Thar of Six of the aforesaid 39 Houses, Sir Joseph Jekyll granted Leases for the Term of 41 Years, from Lady-day 1718, the Rents whereof amounted to £.255 per Annum; and for Three others for the like Term, from Lady-day 1720, the Rents whereof amounted to £164 per Annum-, and of Two othefs for the like Term, from Midsummer 1723, the Rents whereof amounted to £.131 per Annum; and of Four Houses for the like Term, from Midsummer 1728, the Rents whereof amounted to £.133 per Annum; and of Six others for the like Term, from Michaelmas 1728, thellents whereof amounted to £.189 per Annum; and of Two others for the like Term, from Lady-day 1728, the Rents wdiereof amounted to £.62 per Annum; and of Twelve others for the like Term, from Midsummer 1729, the yearly Rents whereof amounted to £.632; and of Three others for the like Term, from 28th August 1729, the yearly Rents whereof amounted to £.183; and One other for the like Term, from 6th May 1732, at the yearly Rent of £.31; the whole of which Rents amount to£. 1,780 per Annum.

That Sir Joseph Jekyll died in the Year 1738; and after having given by his Will several large pecuniary Legacies to feme, and Annuities for Life to other of his Relations,

He directed, That the East India Stock and South-Sea Stock which he should be possessed of at the Time of his Death, should not be transferred or altered by his Executor, during the Life of his Wife; and after her Death, he gave his said East India and South-Sea Stock to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Kings or Queens of England, to be applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund, in such manner as should be directed by Act of Parliament: And after having bequeathed several other Legacies, he devised the Residue of his real and personal Estate to Thomas Jekyll, John Jekyll, Joseph Edward Jekyll, Richard Blacket Jekyll, Mary jekyll, and

Hannah Jekyll, the Children of John Jekyll, late of Neva England, deceased; and to Joseph Jekyll Grocer, the Son of Thomas Jekyll-, and to Nicolas Thomas Hester,

Tryphena Baldwyn, and Tryphofa Sanders, as Tenants in common; and gave a Power to his Executor to renew, from time to time, Leases of the Houses held of the Maf-terof the Rolls, with his Successoror Successors, Matters of the Rolls for the Time being.

That the East India Stock devised by Sir Joseph Jekyll as aforesaid, amounted to £.10,000 capital Stock; and the South-Sea Stock which helikewife deviled, amounted

to £.10,000 Capital.

That Mr. John Jekyll, late of New England, Father to Seven of the Legatees as before-mentioned, and Mr. Thomas Jekyll, the Father of Mr. Joseph Jekyll Grocer, deceased. One other of the said Legatees, were Nephews to Sir Joseph Jekyll, by the Father's Side; and Mr. Nicolas Robarts, One other of the said Legatees, is the Son of Mr. Robarts deceased, who married Mary Jekyll, Niece to the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, by the Father's Side; that

Thomas Hester, and Tryphena the Wife of Samuel Bald-wyn, and Tryphofa the Widow of William Sanders, Three other of the said Legatees, are the Children of Mr deceased, who married Tryphena Niece to Sir

Joseph Jekyll, by the Mother's Side.

That Mr. John Jekyll, Father of Seven of the Legatees before-mentioned, was Collector of the Customs in New England, and sent over his Son Thomas Jekyll to

5 D England,

jefevil'i

JekrllN

Eituies.

378 7 0 Mali ' 1747*

England, to whom Sir Joseph Jekyll shewed great Regard, educated him at St. Paul's School, and lent him to Leyden to pursue his Studies, where he continued Two Years, during which Time Sir Jekyll paid £. 475

For his Maintenance; and on his making a Journey to England, purposely to pay his Respects to the said Sir Joseph, he received him very affectionately, and took him down to his Seat in; and the said Sir Joseph Jekyll fending him afterwards upon his Travels, he resided in France Two Years, where he had the Misfortune intirely to lose his Sight, having before loft the Sight of One Eye by the Small-pox; and during the Time he was in France Sir Joseph paid £. 686 on his Account, and gave Directions for a Person to be sent to fetch him from thene, and expressed great Concern at his Misfortune of losing his Sight, which Sir Joseph said rendered him unfit to enjoy what he intended for him.

That Mr. Joseph Jekyll, another Son of the said John Jekyll, was at the same Time in England, under the Care of Sir Joseph Jekyll, who was at the Expence of improving his Education, and took him to his own House, and made him his Companion: That the Second Son of the said John Jekyll succeeded his Father as Collector of the Customs in New England.

That Sir Joseph, about Two Months before his Death, in Discourse with Mr. Thomas Sand ford, expressed a high Regard for the Children of the said Mr. John Jekyll, and declared, That he intended to make a handsome Provision for them; and that, upon his Return to Town, he intended to (end Blacket Jekyll to New England, with a Cargo to begin Trade; and also expressed a great Regard for Mr. Robarts, mentioned before.

That Mr. John Jekyll of New England, at his Death, did not leave his Children £. 30 a-piece; and they had no Support but what they received from Sir Joseph Jekyll.

That upon Sir Joseph JekylTs Death, John Verney Esquire, deceased, who succeeded him in the Office of Matter of the Rolls, denied that the said Sir Joseph Jekyll had Power under the Act of Parliament, to let Leases of the Ground on which the said Houseswerc built, for any longer Term than One-and-twenty Years; and infilled that such Leases as were granted for 41 Years were absolutely void: Upon which Disputes, States of the same were drawn up by the said Mr. and the Legatees,

for the Opinion of Counsel; and the same being laid before Sir John Strange, Mr. Browne, Mr. Ward, Mr. Filmore, Mr. Melmoth, Mr. IVilbraham, and Mr. they severally gave it as their Opinions, That Sir Joseph Jekyll had no Power by the Act of Parliament tolet Leases for any longer Term than Twenty-one Years; whereupon the 17th of March 1740, an Indenture Quadrupartite was made between the said John Verney of the First Part, the said Twelve residuary Legatees of the Second Part, Francis Hill Esquire of the Third Part, and Robert Harley Esquire and Charles Frewen Gentleman, of the Fourth

Pirt; by which Indenture, after reciting that Leases had been granted for 41 Years of the Houses rebuilt belonging to the Matter of the Rolls, and that the said Leases were made to the said Francis Hill, as a Trustee only for Sir Joseph Jekyll, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns; and that since his Death, several Disputes had arisen, touching the Validity of the said Leases; it is agreed, That all the said Leases should be cancelled; and . the said Mr. Vemcy covenants to execute such and so

many Leases, for 21 Years, of the several Messuages mentioned in a Schedule to the said Indenture annexed, as the residuary Legatees should require, at the yearly Rent of 2or. to be reserved for each House, payable to the said Mr. Verney, and his Successors, Matters of the Rolls;

which Leases, when granted, were to be held and enjoyed for the equal Benefit of the residuary Legatees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common, and not as joint Tenants; and the said Mr. Verney did further covenant with the said Robert Harley and Charles Frewen, to execute such and so many Leases, for 21 Years, of the said several Messuages mentioned in another Schedule to the said Indenture annexed, as the said Legatees should require; and it was agreed that the said Robert Harley and Charles Frewen and all the Parties to the said Indenture (except the said Francis Hill)should execute a Deed to declare that the said last mentioned Leases should be so made to , the said Robert Harley and Charles Frewen, in Trust for the equal Benefit of the said Joseph Jekyll, and the rest of the residuary Legatees, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common, and not as join Tenants, for so many Years of the said Terms (b to be granted by such new Leases, as should make up Twenty-one Years from the Dates of the said Leases of 41 Years, so made by the said Sir Joseph Jekyll as aforesaid.

A Calculation, made by Mr. James Home, of the Lois sustained by the laid"residuary Legatees, by their being deprived of the said Term of Twenty Years in the said Houses, at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, upon the Net Produce, after Deduction of Ground-Rent, Land Tax at 3 in the Pound, and One-seventh of the annual Gross Rents for Repairs, was produced, and is annexed in the Appendix N° I; whereby the Lois is made to amount to £.13,582.95.2*/.

Another Calculation, made by the said Mr. James Horne, of the said Loss, at the Rate of f. 6 per Cent, per Annum Interest, without any Allowance for Repairs, and after Deduction of Ground-Rent, and Land Tax at 35. in the Pound, was likewise produced, and is annexed Appendix N° II; whereby the said Loss is made to amount to£. 12,425. 1 os. tod.

o

p

In

APPENDIX, N° I.

o

eg'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

?T

A CALCULATION of the Loss sustained by the residuary Legatees of the late Sir Joseph Je,by their being deprived of 20 Years, of a Term of 41 Yoare, in the Houses in the Rolls Liberty, built by the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, at the Hate of Interest at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, upon the Net Produce, after Deduction of Ground-Rent, Land-lax at 31. and fill Part

of the annual Grols Kent for Repairs.

o

6

M

O

Number of houses. Date* of the Leases. Grofii Rent per Annum. Ground Rent per Annum. 1 Remains* Land Tax, at J 1. per £ Remains. Repairs, &e. being j Part of the Gross Rent. Net Rent, afer ;t)l Dcdn(ftiu»9. Ymrs to come, if on a Lease of 41 Years.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. S. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. £. s. d. Years. Months.

6 25 March 1718. 255 6 249 37 7 — 2U 13 — 36 8 7 *75 4 5 c 18 I 2 elapsed.

3 25 D* 1720. 164 — — 3 161 — — ' 24 3 — I36 17 — 23 8 7 iij 8 5 20 —

2 24 June 1723. 31 2 — — 129 — — *9 7 — IO9 13 — *8 14 4 90 18 8 23 3

2 25 March 1728. 62 — — 2 — — 60 9 51 817 2 42 2 10 28 —

11 24 June 1729. 567 11 — — 556 83 8 — 472 12 — 81 39* *2 — 29 3

2 28 August 1729. 117 2 115 *7 5 — 97 *5 — *6 14 4 81 — 8 29 5

1 6 May 1732. 3* 30 4 10 — 25 10 — 487 21 1 5 32 2

4 24 June 1728. *33 129 *9 7 — 109 13 — *9 90 13 — 28 3

6 29 Septem. 1728. 189 — — 6 183 7 9 — *55 — 27 128 11 — 28 6

1 24 June 1729. 65 1 64 9 12 — 54 8 — 9 5 9 45 2 3 29 3

1 28 August 1729, JL 7 66 1,780 254 5 11 6 5 9 15 — 55 5 " 987 254 5 45 *6 5 29 5

N. B. The Terms of Years in the above Account are calculated from the

25 March 1741, being nearly the Time when Sir Joseph Jekyll' % Leases of 41 Years were given up to be cancelled.

Calculated £er

4 per Cent, for Six > 23 Mar. 1741, to

Interest at £. 4 per Cent, for Six Years, from *5 1747

James Horne.

Value of the Terms, at £ 4 Pr £* fir Annum.

I- s. </.

2,38* 6 —

*»5*4 8 5

I>359 18 8

702 4 2

6,681 5 8

1,386 *S 1

377 11 7

1,516 6 11

2,162 *7 —

769 *3 8

734 2 11

*9,663 10 1

8,709 18 2

*°>953 11 11

2,628 7 3

*3*582 9 2

Years to come, of the Lease of a 1 Years. Value of the Terms at 4 />:« 0/1/. /er Annum.

Yean. Month*.

3 3 27* *9 5

8 — 283 14 6

9 3 2,978 7 10

9 5 625 10 6

12 2 199 7 7

Year* to come, on a Lease of a i Years, from 25th Mar. 1741.

21

21

21

21

1,271 *4 11

1,803 9 —

632 *7 IO

642 16 7

8,709 18 2

Total Lots.

ST

it

s* "

VO

N* II.

2 5

D

cq‘

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

rT

CALCULATION of the Lois Curtained by the residuary Legatees of the late Sir Joseph Jekyll, by their being deprived of 20 Years, of a Term of 41 Years, in the Houses in the Rolls Liberty, built by the said Sir Joseph Jekyll, at the Rate of Interest of 6 per Cent, per Annum, without any Allowance for Repairs, and after Deduction of Ground-Rent and Land Tax, at 3 per -

00

Number of Commencement of Remains per Land Tax at 3/. Remains per Years to come on a Lsafe of 11 Value of the Term Years to come, on a Lease of ai Value of the Term

Houses. the Leases. Gross Rent. Ground Rent. Annum. per Pound. Annum. Year*. in Being. Years. in Being.

£. s. d. £. 1. d. £ s. d. £ s‘ £ s. d. Years. Months £ X. d. Years, Months. £- d.

6 25 March 1718. 255 6 249 37 7 — 211 13 — f 18 20(a elapsed. 2,427 12 2 — — —

3 25 March 1710. 164 3 l6l 24 3- 136 17 — 20 — 1,569 13 2 — — —

2 24 June 1723. i3, 2 129 *9 7 — 109 13 — 23 3 *>355 *8 7 3 3 3*5 2 5

2 25 March 1728. 62 2 60 9 5* 28 — 683 14 3 8 — 3*6 14 —

11 24 June 1729. 567 11 — — 556 83 8 — 472 12 — 29 3 6,443 *5 1 9 3 3,281 8 —

2 28 August 1729. 117 2 115 *7 5 — 97 *5 — 29 5 *>335 *3 6 9 5 687 18 8

1 6 May 1732. 31 1 — — 30 4 10 — 25 10 — 32 2 359 *5 5 12 2 215 16 2

Years to come.

on a Lease of 21

Years, from LaJy-

efay 1741.

4 24 June 1728. 133 4 — 129 — — *9 7 — 109 13 — 28 3 1,475 2 2 21 1,289 *8 8

6 29 September 1728. 189 6 183 27 9 — *55 — 28 6 2,099 17 *° 21 1,829 18 1

1 24 June 1729. 63 1 64 9 12 — 54 8 - 29 3 741 14 8 21 639 19 4

1 28 August 1729. 66 1 1 " 65 9 *5 — 55 5 — 29 5 754 9 10 2 I 649 19 4

19,247 6 8 9,226 14 8

9,226 14 8

The Terms of Years in the above Account are calculated from ac March

1741, being near the Time when Sir Jof. JekvlPs Leases of 41 10,020 12 —

1 cars were given up and cancelled. Interest at f. 4 per Cent, for 6 Years, 7 £. s.

from 2 c March 1 41, to 2; D° > 2,404 18 10 for 10,020 t

Calculated per *747 fli 1

James Horne.

12,425 10 10 Total Loss.

0

1

70 Mail. . 1747.

to Geo. II.

7° — 8° Mali.

381

fraud* in Aancafurt*

nient of Couli.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the principal Consumers of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, on . behalf of themselves, and several other Confymers, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That by the Bill, now depending in the House, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Fraudsand Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coal? within the City and Liberty of minster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaftct1 adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Giles hi tie Fields, St. Maty leBat, and such Part of the Par

rith of St. Andrew Hollow, as lies in the county of .

Middlesexj and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; the Petitioners will be obliged to pay an unnecessary Charge for the Metage of their Coals, in Cafes where there is no Occasion for any Admeasurement, there being noProbability of Fraud; and that, as the Petitioners apprehend, there are sufficient Powers in the before-mentioned Act, and several former Acts, to remedyany Frauds or Abuses in the Admeasurement of Coals, in case the same were duly put in Execution; and that the said Bill, should it pal's into a Law, will greatly inhance the Price of Coals; and will, instead of being of Service, be both oppressive and burdenlbme to the Petitioners, and the other Consumers within the said Limits: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

A Petition of the Consumers of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, on behalf of

themselves, and several other Consumers, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations and Prayer as are in the last mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That this Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sc. Jame*' Ordered, That Mr. , Mr. Bacon, Mr. Heathcote, Westminster Mr. Archer, Mf. Arfcott, Mr. Southwell, Sir John Crtfje, Church-yard. Mr. Bowes, Mr. Polhill, Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Planter, Mr. Mr. Wynn, Mr.

Hayward, Admiral FSir John Barrington, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Powney, Mr. Locke, Mr. Browne, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Monson, Mr.

Mr. Mujfenden, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Frank/and, Mr.

Colonel Holmes, Sir John Gordon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Finch, Mr. Webster, Mr. , Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Scot, Colonel Herbert, Major Selwyn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm an Agreement made by the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Rector of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and the Vedry-men of the said Pari 111, for enlarging the present Church-yard of that Parish with additional Burial-ground; and for directing several Sums of Money, now chargeable by Law, to be raised yearly, or occasionally, on the Inhabitants of the . said Parish, by separate and distinct Assessments, to be paid for the future out of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; and to prevent any Person's gaining a Settlement Vot. 25.

in the said Parish by being employed as a Beadle or Watchman; is committed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a uCotc^. Committeeof the whole House, to consider further of the jurisdtftiont. Bill for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such JurilHiftions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Onion of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.'

Mr. Speaker rehirtied the Chair.

The Lord Dupplinsported from the Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Bill j and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill. '

Ditto.

The other Orders of the Pay being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-tnofrow Condemning Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole of House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays in condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland; and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the lame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Se- Vnte yennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Agent*. House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Support of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- disabled on the Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and dif- Seamen, &c* abled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, flajn, or drowned, in the Merchants Ser-

vice.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 8° die Mali;

Anno 20* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

0 HN David Ziegell took the Oaths appointed, in J order to his Naturalization.

« Mr. Polhill reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement between the Heirs at Law and Devisees of Joceline late Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Disposition of the real Estate of the said Earl; and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found th: same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table:1 Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 49. L. 25. Leave out from the Word Pounds" to "and," in Line35; and, instead thereof, insert " in " Trust, to lay out the fame, or so much thereof relpec-

5 E " lively

Earl

Leicester'*

Estate.

3o 2 8° Ma. A. c 747.

rively as shall not be applied, for indemnifying the " laid Samuel Egert bn, in manner herein after-mentioned, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, in Fce- Ample, in Possession, to he settled to such and lo many " of the Ufesdevised or limited by the Will of the said Earl Joceline; of and concerning his real Estates.as shall,

" at fud) the Dec^afe of the said Anne Sidney, as aforesaid, " be undetermined, or capable of taking Effect

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question ppt thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Jf. V

6,;fence by Ordered, That the Ord$r ,of t#ie Day, for the House to

Counsel on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon ^TYcafonV ^e Bill for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Mispri^an of such. Treason, to make their full De&rice by Coq^fel, be now read: t '

nef the said Order being re^d accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House,. ytpon the said Bill. - .

, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Tonge took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee, That 'they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleaife to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Yonge accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Importation Sir John Cufi presented to the House, according to of printed Order, a Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the ooiu, e. lujportation of Books reprinted abroad, and first com-

posed or written, and printed, in Great :; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, W'eftward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the Raft Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the Plantations; and for the flee Importation of Cochineal and Indico* and for Punishment of PersonsdestroyingTurnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Fi>t-ei.;n An ingrossed Bill to extend the Provisions of an made *n the 13th Year of his present Majesty's r ' Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle,- in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the Taking of an Oath, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign'Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are Iettled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, toother foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the Taking of an Oath.

Ordered, That Major-General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

22

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to su;»p-t <-f resolve ittt-Jf into a Committee of the whole House, dieted $<-»-upon the Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and mJU' 4C> disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Brookfbank,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hay, Lord Dup Mr

Mr. Hume, Mr. Clayton, Sir John Cufi, Sir Miles -ton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sir Henry

Liddell, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Here, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Hill, Mr. Tyner, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Go'C,

Mr. Frankl nds Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Wynn,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Bennett, Mr. Sydenham; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Coast Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Way* tp resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House io Tenure of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ward-holding the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by Ward- ,n cot ,n ' holding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon; and for converting the same into other Holdings; and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vaffais for the fame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the -Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the- Scotch whole House, to consider further of the Bill for taking away and abolishing the to'eretable Jurisdictions in that 'IU1 ,^ion,‘ Part of Great Britain called Scotland, -and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and forreftoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and- for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they hail made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered,

2oGe6. II. 8° — ii 383

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Hume, Prebendary of the Collegiate Church of , be desired to

preach before this House at Margaret's, upon Friday the 29th Day of this instant May: And that

the Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Legge, Mr. West, and Colonel

Pelham, do acquaint him therewith.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

LuneCy 11° die Maii;

Anno 200 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

MR Carewreported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to confirm an Agreement made by the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Rector

of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, and the Vestry-men of the said Parish, for enlarging the present Church-yard of that Parish with additional Burial-ground; and for directing several Sums of Money now chargeable by Law, to be raised yearly, or occasionally, on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by le-parate and distinct Assessrn.'nts, to be paid for the future, out of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; and to prevent any Person's gaining a Settlement in the said Parish by bcingemployed as a Beadleor Watchman; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had ^one through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read t^ie Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Kill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed, That Mr. , Deputy,

Comptroller of the Customs. attended at the Door;.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, pre fen ted tq the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, containing.

An Account of the Net Produce of the additional Duty on foreign Cambricks, from the ift Day of August 1742, w hen the said Duty took place, to the Expiration of the said Duty: And also.

An Account of what Bounties have been paid out of the Produce of the said Duty, on the Exportation of coarse Linens of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, pursuant to the Acts for that Purpose, and the Amount of such Debentures as remain unsatisfied.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Ah ACCOUNTof the Net Produce of the additional Duty on foreign Cambricks, from the ill Day of August 1742, when t he said Duty took place, to the Expiration of the said Duty.

Net Produce paid into the Exchequer - £.15,000

An ACCOUNT of what Bounties have been paid out of the Produce of the said Duty, on the Exportation of coarse Linens of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, pursuant to the Acts for that Purpose, and the Amount of such Debentures as remain unsatisfied.

f. s. d.

Bounties paid - - - 6,636 4 10

Amount of such Debentures as remain

unsatisfied - - - 4,194 ia 5$

Custom-house, London, it May 1747.

Hr. Parsons, pro Comptroller-General

Vo;.. 05.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingtvfled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lictard's,fcc. for naturalizing Mark Liotard, and Henry was read N<t*

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Car* penter, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Humfrey, Mr. Montagu, Mr.- Nevbnham, Mr. Foley, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr. Banker, Mr. Martin, Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bennett, Sir Thomas Drury, Sir NathanaelCurzon, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Ofbaldeston,

Mr. Lijler, Major Selwyn, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir

Roger Newdigate, Mr. Eversfield, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Hales, Mr. Compton, Mr.- Brookjbank, Mr. Wilier, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Clayton, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of John David which was ordered to lie upon the Tableunti! the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the Consuleration of the said Committee: And that the Committed, if they think fit, do admit the Petitioner into the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agree- Leicester* ment between the Heirs at Law and Devilees of Efta,e-

late Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Disposition of the real Estate of the said Earl; and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Po/hill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with one Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the-Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intttulfedj An Act l>ew'i for veiling a Farm and Lands'in G6llumpton,\n the Courtty E®a*e* of Devon, late the Estate of Robert Drew Gentleman, deceased, in -Trustees, in order to ctfnvey the same to Henry Crervys Gentleman, puriband to an Agreement with Mary Drew'Widow; and for discharging a Mort-

gage on the said Estate; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That t<he Bill be committed to Mr.'i Mr. Prowje, Sir Francis Poole, Mr! Mr. Scot, Sir

John Gordon, Sir John Barrmgton, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr.

Pratt, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Foley junior, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Mkie, Sir Thomas Drury,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Compton, Sir Robert Sir John

Crojfe, Mr. Lijler, Sir Richard Warw Bampfylde, Mr.

Cooke, Mr. Campbell, Mr. G Wynne, Mr. Bankes, Mr.

Gybbon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Cornwall, and Dorset: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and firstcomposed of printed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; for preventing fc:-

Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects-to\and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, ot other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cujl, Major Selwyn, Sir John CroJJ'e, Mr. Vyner, Sir Thomas

Drury

3 84 1 i i a° Maii. A. 1747.

Drury, Lord Perceval, Sir Francis Mr. Humfrey,

Mr. Prowse, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Hay, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Sir Robert

Dong, Mr. Hurtles, Mr. Which cote, Lord Gage, Mr. Pratt, Mr. Phillipson, Sir John Gordon, Lord Mr.

Leather, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Delme, Mr. Grenville, Ad mi-ral Vernon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Roger New* digate; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five qF the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then that Witness and the said John Stephens withdrew.

John Sherringham was also called in; and, at the Bar,

examined, in order to prove that the said Richard loughby had made an undue Attempt to procure his Testimony against the said William Willoughby.

The said Richard Willoughby was again called in; and confronted with the said John Sherringham.

And then the said William Willoughby, John Sherringham, and Richard Willoughby, were directed to withdraw.

Defence by CmiRiel on IropeacliBMUtt

of Treafoos

Privilege

An ingrossed Bill for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Counsel, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Counsel. ‘

Ordered, That Sir Willias/a Tonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The several Orders of the Pay, for the Attendance of William Willoughby, Henry Gerrard, Richard Becket, Edward Ransome, John Sherringham, Edward Becket, Henry Dukes, Isaac Chant, Benjamin Cholfey the elder, Richard Willoughby Esquire, John Stephens Victualler, of Hindon, and Philip, Becket Bucher, of Hbeing read;

The said William Willoughby being called in; and being acquainted by Mr. Speaker, That a Complaint had been made to the House, upon the 30th Day of April last, of a corrupt Attempt made by him tp influence several Burgesses of the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilts, to give their Votes for Two Candidates to re-

present the said Borough in the next Parliament, by distributing a Sum of Money for that Purpose;

And the said William Willoughby having, at the Bar, denied that Charge;

Richard Willoughby Esquire was called in; and, at the Bar, in the Presence of the said William re-

peated the Substance of the Information befoft given by him to the House of that Matter.

And the said William Willoughvy hfr.\\ng charged the fold Richard Willoughby with undue Attpmpts to procure Testimony against him in this Matter, the (said Richard Willoughby denied that Charge.

And then they withdrew.

The several Witnesses were called in; and, in the Presence of the said William Willoughby (who was called In to hear their Testimony) were, at the Bar, examined, in order to confirm the Information given by the said Richard Willoughby.

And then they withdrew.

Benjamin ChoIJey and Henry Gerrard were also severally called in; and, at the Bar, in the Presence of the said William Willoughby (who was called in to hear their Testimony) were interrogated concerning the Subject-matter of the said Complaint.

And the said Henry Gerrard having, in his Examination, declared, That the said Richard Willoughby had made an undue Attempt to procure his Testimony against the said William Willoughby,

The laid Richard Willoughby was again called in; and confronted with the said Henry Gerrard.

And then they withdrew.

And the House being informed. That the said Wm. Willoughby desired to examine several Witnesses on his Part;

He was again called in.

Then John Stephens was called in; and, at the Bar, examined, in order to contradict One of the Witnesses who had been examined against the said William Willoughby.

That Witness was again called in; - and confronted with the- said John Stephens.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Transpord resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon^ Rebcl*-the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitiued, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Tenure of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Ward-hoMa, upon the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by m Scotljni Ward-holding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon; and for converting the same into other Holdings; and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Ca-fualty of Non-entry, and taking away file Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.'

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider. further of the Bill for taking away, and abdlishing the heretabie Jurisdictions in that Part of J Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Pro-vlfion for the Administration cf Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 12° die Mail;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747-

Prayers.'

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Address of 'Thursday lad (that his Majesty would rts' be graciouflypleased toconferfomc Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Fulham, Chaplain to this House) had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, That he will confer feme Dignity in the Church upon the Reverend Mr. John Fulham, Chaplain to this House, as is desired.

Ordered,

o

38s

20 Geo. II.

Mali.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

Eafeof Sheriffs fa Return of Froceis.

Tenure of Ward-hold-in* in Scotland.

Scotch

Heimble

Jurisdictions.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselvesat the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire; be new read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, ref )lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Eal'e of Sheriff's with regard to the Return of Process.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houe, upon the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by Ward-holding in that Part of Great called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon, and for converting the same into other Holdings, and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the same; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent File heats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom;

Rrjolved ', That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The Lord Dupplinreported from the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part ot Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, except One of them, which was disagreed to, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to oblige all Judges in Courts of Barony to take the Oaths appointed to be taken by Persons in Offices of publick Truth:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, the Blanks therein being filled up, the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments w'ere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Mercurii, 13° die Matt;

Anno 200 Georgii II" Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

THE Lord Carpenter reported from the Committee, Liotard'*, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, inti- ate. Nat. tuled. An Act for naturalizing Mark and Henry

Uhthoff, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foupd the same to be true; and had considered the Petition of John Da vid Ziegell, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations thereof, and found the same to be true; and thereupon had made several Amendments to the Bill; which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 5. Leave out "and

L. 7. After " Germany," insert and John " David Ziegell, Sen of John David Ziegell, by Anna " his Wife, born at Bremen aforesaid :"

L. 17. Leave out "and:"

L. 18. After ‘c Uhthofff insert " and John " David Ziegell

L. 30. Leave out " and and after " Uhthoff," insert " and John David Ziegell

Pr. 2. L. 19. Leave out "and;" and, after " Uhthoff," insert "and John David

L. 28. Leave out " and;" and, after " Uhthcffff insert " and John David

llie laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrafted Bill to confirm an Agreement made by St. Jam?*' , the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Oxford, Westminster Red! or of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty urc of Westminster, and the Vestry-men of the said Parish, for enlarging the present Church-yard of that Parish with additional Burial-ground; and for directing several Sums of Money, now chargeable by Law, to be raised yearly, or occasionally, on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, by separate and Distinct Assessments, to be paid for the future out of the Poor's Rates of the said Parish; and to prevent any Person's gaining a Settlement in the said Parish by being employed as a Beadle or Watchman; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to confirm an Agreement made by the Reclorand Vestry-men of the Parish of St James, within the Li* bertyoT Westminster, for enlarging the Church-yard of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order made upon the 7th Day of Fraud* in this instant May, That the Bill to explain, amend, and ren- Admeafuie-der more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the FTauds and Abuses committed in the Admea* l'urement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles ill the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St,

Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and to indemnity Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; be read a second time Tomorrow Morning, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock;

Vol. 25.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, Thatthi: House will, upon Monday Morning Supply,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

5 F to

i3° — 14'‘Mail. A. 1747.

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning «ndMeans. nexr> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raif-

ing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Transport«d Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Aebcls. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation;- and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country.

Yarmouth Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Harbour. next> rei0|ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying the m-fetves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Union of Salvator and Leonard Collegts.

Gloucester, &c. Roads.

Earl

Leicester'a

Bftate.

Support of disabled Seamen,

Liotard's, ice. Nat.

jfovis, 140 die Mali;

Anno 20° Georgii II'" Regis, 1747. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for uniting the Two Colleges of Salvator and Saint Leonard, in the University of Saint Andrews, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the City of Hereford-, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester; without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement between the Heirs at Law and Devises of Joceline late Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settlement and Disposition of the real Estate of the said Earl; and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for the Purposes thereby intended.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, {lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, was committed, be revived.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mark Liotard and Henry Uhthoff, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Title of the Bill; viz.

To leave out "and"; and, at the End of the Title, to add " and John David Ziegell

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Carpenter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

to the fame, withfome Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Parr of Great Britain called jurisdi«5bo«w, Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the K'ng's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, concerning the Poynding of L)il-tresses:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for annexing to Shires, with respect only to the Jurisdiction of Sheriffs and Stewarts Courts, Landsdifdnited by Grants from such Shires:

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was read the Third time -, an'1, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Amendments following were also severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 2S. After " Deputy Sheriffships," to ir.fert " of Districts

Pr. 6. L. 23. After " next," to insert " after the said " 11 th Day of November

Pr. 10. L. 2. After " dissolved," to insert " whifch a were depending, pronounced, awarded, or had Pr. 13. L. 14. After " as," to insert " that

L. 18. To leave out " under the Pain of," and insert " and that every :"

L. 19, 20. To leave out " being liable to," and insert " shall, for every Offence against this Act,

" forfeit: "

L. 22, 23. To leave out " in case of his counterafting this Prohibition

Pr. 17. L. 28. After " shall," to insert " during the " Space of Seven Years, from the said 23th Day ot " March: "

L. 31. To leave out " during the Space of " Seven Years, from the said 25th Day of March " 1748:"

Pr. 20. L. 29. To leave out " that;" and, in the same Line, leave out " shall:"

Pr. 25. L. 39. To leave out " of Judiciary :"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill do pass.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for he Yeas, GnS} '«

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of called

Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete.

Ordered,

20 Geo. II. i4° — 150 — 8? Jtow.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Eafcof Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

Rmirn«/ whole House, to whom the Bill for the Eafc of Sheriffs

ProccL with regard to the Return of Process, was committed,

be received upon Monday Morning next.

Tnmrf Resolved, That this House will. To morrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by Wardholding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon, and for converting the same into other Holdings, and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Cafuaity of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Lite-rent El cheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom.

Tnnsported Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Kcbck. jefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy 150 Mali;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747;

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House. upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved iiielf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Legge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Legge leported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was-di-lected by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at Three Quarters of an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Legge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Legge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Condemning Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-^ri* ingnext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays in condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Vol. 35.

Great Britain and Ireland; and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning Tenure of

next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, w upon the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by in acotan Ward-holding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon, and for converting the same into other Holdings, and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Cafuaity of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Transported irrg next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Rct)t1*' House, upon the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled.

An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and allb to hinder their going into the Enemies Country.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 18° die Maii;

Anno 20° Georgii IP* Regis, 1747.

P it a r e k s.

"|V T R. Booookfbank reported from the Committee, to' Support of -1AX whom the Bill for the Relief and Support of , cAbled maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Chil- Scjmei>* *c* dren of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the MerchantsSefvice;wa?committed, That the Commiteehad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill,' with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according to Difiiileri Order, a Bill to impower the several Distillers within the Licence*. Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, to take out Licences, with a certain Duty payable thereupon, for the Retailing of spirituous Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Complaint being made to the House, That; in privilege. Breach of the Privilege of this House, John Harrison, of Willie, near Farnham, in the County of Surry, a flirted by Two other Persons, did assault and cruelly beat John White, a menial Servant of the Honourable John Mordaunt Esquire, a Member of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Mr. Sydenham reported from the Committee, to Whom jjrew»,

the ingrosse d Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Adtfor EfUte. vesting a Farm and Lands in Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Robert Drew, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Cruwys Gentleman, pursuant to an Agreement with

. Mary

VandenveMe's

Nat.

Mcrcrrs'

Company.

Ease of Sheriffs in Return of Process.

Prize

Agents.

Wh*l«

Fishery.

388 18° Mali. . 1747.

Merry Drew, Widow; and for discharging a Mortgage on the said Estate; was committed; That the Committee l ad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Bayntun reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Albert Vandenveld, Merchant, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk'* Table.

Mr. Carew acquainted the House, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Peter , Doctor in P.iyfick, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Company of Mercers of,

on behalf oi themselves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subscribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company, and several other Petitions, were referred, had agreed upon a Report; which they had directed him to make, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of Process, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Mr. Lerge, according to Order, reported,' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Owners of the Ships Andrezv Nicholson, Master; the Volunteer, John,

Mailer; and the U/ke Galley, junior. Ma-

iler; Three Ships fitted out last Year for the Greenland Seas, to catch W-hales and other Creatures, agreeable in every respect to the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Three Ships were Turveyed by the proper Officers of his Majesty's Customs, and a proper Certificate given, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs, and Bonds executed by Two of the Owners and Master of each Ship, for Treble the Penalty of the Bounty, likewise Oath made by them, that they were to proceed directly for those Seas, and on no other Account whatsoever: That thereupon a Licence was granted by the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and the said Three Ships were cleared 20

out at his Majesty's Custom-house in London the 27th of March 1746, and proceeded directly for the Greenland Seas, and arrived there the Firstof May following; and that each Master and Crew of the said Ships used their utmost Endeavours to kill Whales and other Creatures, as appears by the Oath of the said Mailers and Officers which were delivered in a Memorial to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs; but that on the 20th Day of the said Month of May, about Four of the Clock in the Morning, by a moll violent Storm of Wind, the said Three Ships were unavoidably and intirely loft, with Eight Whales killed, and that with much Difficulty the Crews of the said Ships saved their Lives; by which Misfortune the said Petitioners lost their whole Properties in the said Ships, which Hood them in upwards of Tea thousand Pounds, and not One Shilling inlured by any of the Proprietors: That by Two several Acts, made the Sixth and Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton was granted, in order to enable his Majesty's Subjects to fit out Ships for that Voyage; which laid Bounty is directed to be paid, at the Return of the Ships, by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs; but that, as this great Misfortune hath happened, the Petitioners are wholly deprived of the said Bounty, without the Aid and Assistance of this House; and that as this House hath beenpleased to encourage the Undertaking of carrying on this Fishery, which mull consequently be a very great Benefit to the Nation in general, in not only saving a great many Thousand Pounds paid to the Dutch every Year for Whale fins imported from Holland to England, but also the Means of training up a large

Number of good and able Seamen for his Majesty's Service; and as there was a great Probability of making a successful Voyage, if the said Ships had arrived safe in the River, the Petitioners then should not only have received the Bounty, but also saved their Property of Ships and Cargoes: And therefore, as the Proceedings of the Petitioners were just and honourable in carrying on this Whale Fishery, praying, That the House will take their unfortunate same into Consideration.and relieve them in such manner as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wPl, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-upon the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by, Ward-holding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon, and for converting the same into other Holdings, and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry, and taking away the Cafuakies of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved,

Supply,

Ways and Means.

Tenure of

Wnrd-huuiiu^ in Scotland.

Trans^orted

Rcocia.

Frauds \m Adincaiurc-ment of C#al«.

t

Ttndenrelde'*

Nat.

Drcw't

Eiitt*.

18* — 19° — 20 ° Maii. 389

20 Geo. II.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of l'uch Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, sn Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of , and that Part

of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the , Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew, as

lies in the County of Middlesex; and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes;

The Counsel against the Bill were called in; but no Counsel appeared for the Bill.

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of the principal Consumers of Coals in the City and Liberty of IV and Parts adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and several other Con-lumers, was read:

And the Petition of the Consumers of Coals in the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and several other Consumers, was also read:

And the Petition of the Wharfingers, and other Dealers in Coals, in and about the City and Liberty of,

on behalf of themselves, and other Dealers, was also read:

And One of the Counsel for the said Petitioners was heard.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die Maii;

Anno 20* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Albert , Merchant,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard EafeofShe-to the Return of Process, was read the Third time. nfftinRetura

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title 0 roce,‘ be, An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of Process.

Ordered, That Mr. Carew do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Colonel Holmes, Colonel , Co- Committee lonel Townshend, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Henry Finch, Mr. of Privilege*,

Fane, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Brfciport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Thomas Grenville Esquire, de-ct-aied.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Supply Bill; Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Sinking

Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a un '

further Sum of Money for the Uies and Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Forfeited veiling the forfeited Estates of certain Traitors in his Ma- Estate* of jesty; and for the more effectually discovering the fame. Traitor*, and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof; and for ascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon; and that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Sollicitor-General, and the Lord Advocate of Scotland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Yarmouth whole House, upon the Bill for clearing, depthening, te- Harbour, pairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Carew took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carew reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned t*ll Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

T

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Farm and Lands in Cullumpton, in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Robert Drew Gentleman, dreeased, in Trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Cruwys Gentlemen, pursuant to an Agreement with Mary Drew, Widow; and for discharging a Mortgage on the said Estate; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Vo L»5.

Mercurii, 20® die Maii;

Anno 20* Georgii II*1* Regis, 1747.

Pray eus.

0R DERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Nottingham to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, Wr*c-for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present

5 G Parliament

X

Mailers* I (late.

African

Company.

Condemning

Frizes.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Importation

of printed Books, kCi

390

2 o° — 410 Mail. A. 1747-

Parliament for the Town of Nottingham, in the room of Bor lace Warren Esquire, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Edward Majiers, deceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England (which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for preventing Delays in condemning of Prizes in his Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in Great Britain and Ireland-, and for putting an End to all unnecessary and unreasonable Expences for the lame;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Paper, containing an Account of the Net Produce of the additional Duty on foreign Cambricks, from the First Day of August 1742, when the said Duty took place, to the Expiration of the said Duty; and also.

An Account of what Bounties have been paid out of the Produce of the said Duty, on the Exportation of coarse Linens of the Manufacture of Great Britain and Ireland, pursuant to the Acts for that Purpose, and the Amount of such Debentures as remain unsatisfied; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mormng, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 21# die Mali;

Anno 20* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1/47.

Praters.

f\RDERED, That Mr. Hay do make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books

reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain-, for preventing Exaftnns of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of 'Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs. to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament; was committed.

Mr. Hay accordingly reported from the said Committee,

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question foverally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Carew, according to Order, reported from the Yam*! Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Haifar. clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth \ and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire; was committed; the Amendments which Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for the Relief and Support of maimed Support of and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the Mer- c‘

chants Service, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 26. L. 22. After "Authorities," to insert "to " make By-laws, and to revoke or alter the fame, and

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed anti disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service.

Ordered, That Mr. Brook/bank do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounties on the Exportation oiBriti/hzndi Irish coarse Linens do continue to be paid in like Manner, and under the like Regulations, as directed by the Acts of the 15th, and 16th, and 18th, Years of his Majesty's Reign, together with all Atrears thereof; and that

A

20 Geo. II. 2 Maii391

the same be paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable 10 the Payment of Incidents; and that an Account thereof be laid before this House at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, in order for replacing the same out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of such Shares of the capital Stock of the India and South-Sea Companies as Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight,

late M after of the It ills, died pofl'efled of, and, by his Will, gave, after the Death of his Wife, who is lately deceased, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Kings and Queens of England, to be applied to the Use of the Sinking Fund, in such manner as Should be directed by Parliament, ins Majesty be enabled to allow to the Executor of the said Sir Joseph Jeky for the Uses of his Will, a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Five hundred Eighty-two Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence, upon account of a Reduction in the Value of the Estate devised by him to his residuary Legatees; which Reduction was occasioned by his having demised, in Trull, for himself, for the Term of Forty-one Years, fevered Parcels of Ground, whereof he became potfcll'ed in Right of his Office of Mailer of the Rolls, alter having built thereon, in a substantial Manner, and at a great Expence, several Messuages; which Parcels of Ground, since his Death, appear to have been demileable for Twenty-one Years only.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purpoks therein mentioned; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses pursuant to the First of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the lad of the said Resolutions: And that Sir Henry Liddell, Mr. West, Mr. Fane, Mr. Fazakerley, and Mr. Southwell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Old Saram Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ> the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fortbe Electing of a Burgcts to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old in the County of H ilts,

in the room of James Grenville Esquire; who, since his Election for: the said Borough, hath accepted the Otfice of Receiver of the Crown and Fee-farm Rents for the Counties of Warwick and Leicester.

jjifliller* A Bill to impower the several Distillers within the Licences. Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and W'cekly Bills of Mortality, to take out Licences, with a certain Duty payable thereupon, for the Retailing of Spirituous Liquors, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Friz* Agents. An ingrafted Bill to indemnify Persons who have omit-

ted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Pu.pose.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 25.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- Forfeited ing to Order, a Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates of Effat«of certain Traitors in his Majesty; and for the more efiec- Traitors-tually discovering the fame, and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof; and for ascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon: And the same was received.

A Motion being made. That the said Bill be read the First time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Content that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Trsnsported resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Rebels, the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Tranlp station; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, That they had gone threfogh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive die fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to whale resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Fishery. considerof the Petition of the several Owners of the Ships Increase, Andrew Nicholson, Mailer; the Volunteer, John Allcock, Master; and the Uske Galley, Alexander Gay junior, Master; Three Ships fitted out last Year for the Greenland Seas, to catch Whales and other Creatures, agreeable in every respect to the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose;

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Tenure of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for taking away the Tenure <of Lands by Ward-holding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon, and for converting the fiune into other Holdings, and for making Satisfaction to th? Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the lame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry,#nd taking away the CafuaUies.of Single and Life-rent ETcheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part or the Kingdom;

Ordered, That it be ao Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for providing that Services prestable by Tenants, in that Part of Great Britain called . be ascertained.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for granting a more speedy Remedy against Superiors, in order to oblige them to give to Heirs, Purchasers, and other pifponees, Infeoftment of Lands held of them in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to enable Tenants by Talzie, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to fell to the Crown, Lands contained in such Talzie; and for settling the Money arising

train

v

Great Frog-more Sale of Lands.

Importation of printed Books, &c.

302 21° — 22 ^.1747.

from such Sale to the same Uses as the talzied Estate was settled.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for taking away the Suit and Presence of Vassals or Tenants at the Head Courts of their Superiors, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Notice being taken, That 40 Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker: And, 40 Members not being present, Mr. Speaker waited till several Members came into the House: And then the House being again told by Mr. Speaker, and Members being present;

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 2 2° Mail;

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

f\RDERE D, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill, which came from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the capital Messuage called Great Frogmore, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, devised by the Will of Mary late Duchess of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and acquaint their Lordships, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, West ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the Plantations; and for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great } for preventing

Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the East Indies; and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to CopperOre of the British Plantations; and for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for Punishment of Persons destroyingTurnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

*7

An ingrossed Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire; was read the Third time.

Resolved,‘That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive, continue, and amend an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire.

Ordered, That Mr. Carer.vdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands by Wardholding in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and the Consequents thereupon, and for converting; the same into other Holdings, and for making Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vassals for the fame; and for regulating the Casualty of Non entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes, in the same Part of the Kingdom; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as Clause C, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put there upon, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Clause C, the next Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, discharging the Vassals of the King, and other Superiors, from attending at the Head Courts of their Superiors, being read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Clause, gives his Consent, as far as his interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.'

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause D, the last Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Liddellpresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to allow to the Executor of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, a certain Sum for the Relief of the residuary Legatees named in his Will: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hay, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and

he

Yarmouth

Harbour.

Tenure of Warcf-holding in Sect* laud.

Jekylt'i

residuary

Legatees*

Transported

Kebels.

20 Geo. II. 22 — 250

he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 31. After " be,*' insert immediately:"

L. 32. Alter " Officer," insert " And if such Mailer or Commander shall, after this Act shall be " published in any such Colony or Plantation, refuse or neglect to give such Lift; or if the said Naval or other " Officer shall refuse or neglect to put or keep up the " fame, as above directed; or if any Person shall voluntarily deface or take away the fame, being so put up, " kept, or renewed; or any List, put up in such Cufe " tom-house, of Rebels transported; every Person lo " offending shall forfeit the Sum of oSterling «< every such Offence; of which One Moiety shall belong to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success ofs; and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall sue " for the lame in the Colony or Plantation where the Offender shall be committed, or in the Court of King's " Bench in England, or of Judiciary in , in case

" the Offender shall be found in England or Scotlandre- spectively

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mercer*

Company.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go with the Mace into /Vedminster-hall, and the Courts there, the Court ot Requests, and Places adjacent, and summon the.Members, there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Care.c,according to Order, reported' from the

Committee, to whom the Petition of lYftor

in Physick, and others, whole Names are thereunto lub-Lribc!, Creditors of the Company of Mercers, of London, on bcluif of them (elves, and the rest of the Creditors, Subicribers for Annuities, and Annuitants, of the said Company; and also the Petition of the Governors of the Chanty lor the Relief of poor Widows and Children of Clergymen, on behalf of such poor Widows of Clergymen as are Annuitants of the Mercers Company; and also the Petition of James Colebrooke Esquire; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Huntingdon-, and also the Petition of the Vicar, Lecturer, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town and Parish of IVahefield, in the County of York; and also the Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined into the Matters of the said several Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon TuefJay Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdfc" for the Y"> tMr

Teller, for he Noa.*

So it palfed in the Neg i n e.

Ordered, That the said lie port be taken into Consideration upon this Day Month.

1

14.

31,

Fraud* ta

Admeasure-nient of

Cool*.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee 01 the whole House, upon the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Von. *5.

Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of S aim Giles in the FieldsMary le Boh,

and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as

lies in the County of Middle [ex-, and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes.

Revived, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raile a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning fiext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further of Ways and Means for -railing she Supply granted to his Majesty. '

And then the Hotife adjourned till MondaJ Morning next1, Nitie of the Clock.

----- - — ----- ----- ----- --M-> ----- ----- ----- -- — ----- J l

Lurtcsi 2 50 die Mflii; .

Anno 20° Georgii IIdi Regis,' 1747.

Prayers.

AB I L L to enable his Majesty to allow to the Exe- jekyir* cutor of Sir Flnight, deceased, a certain residuary

Sum for the Relief of the refidt a-y Legatees named in his Legatees. Will, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w:,o!e House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Wars tt> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*; to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away the Tenure of Lands Tennreof by Ward-holding in that Part of Great Britain called Ward-hoW-Scotland, and the Consequcnts thereupon, and for con- SaK~ vesting the same into other Holdings, and for making an Satisfaction to the Superiors by a Feu Rent, to be paid by the Vessels for the fame; and for regulating the Ca-fualty of Non-entry, and taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes in the same Part of the Kingdom; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry in certain Cafes; and for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred there by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and forgiving to Heirs and Successors thereafummaryProcefs against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of Vassals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Talzic thereto fell Lands to the Crown for erecting Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands.

5 H Ordered,

Supply Bill; Sinking , Fuad.

'.Way* and Means,

394 25* — 26* Mail. A. 1747.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Marten' An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of the Estate of Edward deceased, for

Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Carew, Mr. Gwyntt, Mr. Courtenay, Mr.

Vere Powlett, Mr. Winford, Mr. Lifter, Sir Charles Kemys J'ynte, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Harley, Mr. Popham, Mr. Pitt,

' Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Pratt, Sir John Chester, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. W eft, Mr. Hay, Sir John Crojfe, Colonel ‘Townshend, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Southzvell, Mr. M'kye, Lord Strange, Mr. Sir John

Gordon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Archer, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. lish, Mr. Duncombe; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Northampton, Oxon, Berks, and . Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire of ' the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Transported An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rebels, to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Amendment which was made to the said Bill in Press 3. Line 22, by the Committee of the whole House, to whom the same was committed, and which was agreed to by the House; viz.

To leave out the First " Offender," and to insert " Of-41 fence," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Word " Offender," proposed to be left out, Rand Part of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Word Offence" be inserted, instead of the Word left out, as aforesaid;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord* ships.

Forfeited A Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates of certain Traitors Estates of jn his Majesty; and for the more effectually discovering Traitors. fame> and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof; and for ascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon; was lead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Sinking to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and allb for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That the Resolution reported upon the 30th Day of March last, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the

Supply granted to his Majesty, and then agreed to by the House, be now read:

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two " thousand Two hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds and " Five Pence Halfpeny, be granted to his Majesty, out of the Monies or Savings arising from the Money " granted by Parliament for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers who have been killed or died " in the Service, for defraying the Charge of Allowances " to several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two " Troops of Horse-Guards, and Three Regiments of " Horse, lately reduced, together with the incident " Charges arising therefrom, for the Year 1747."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee.of the whole House, upon the said Bill. t

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Fraud*mAi. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon mwtuww* the Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an of Cwils‘ Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and tha1 Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of Saint Giles in the Fields, Saint Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex\ and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; be now read:

And the said Order was read accordingly;

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present, the House was told by Mr. Speaker: And,

Forty Members not being present, Mr. Speaker waited till Four of the Clock:

And then. Forty Members not being present.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 26° die Maii;

Anno 2o# Georgii IIJi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the yravf Committee of the whole House, to whom it was and Ucuj. referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered io at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Making of Sail Cloth in Great Britain (which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was further continued for the Term of Seven

Years,

ao Geo. JL 26° 395

Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament i and which, by another Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reich of his said late Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament $ and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further Continued until the a?th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the ift Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) is near expiring, and fit to be continued for the Term of Seven Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 'That the several Clauses in an Act, made in the 8th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Bcaver-lkins, Pepper,

‘ Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Fun of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Alfuraoce, on any Suit brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to Angle Damages and Costs of Suit; relating to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking oif several Duties on Merchandizes exported (which were to continue in Force for Three Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Clauses were, by an Act, made in the J i th Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, continued, from the Expiration thereof, for Three Years, and ' from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 2d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, were further continued unt il the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) are near expiring, and fit to be continued for the Term of Seven Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Rejclved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Two last Clauses in an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for continuing feme Laws, and reviving others, therein mentioned) for more effectually preventing Frauds in mixing Silks with Stuffs to be exported (which Clauses were, by an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to continue in Force to the 29th Day of September 1734, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 25th Day of March 1742, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 1 ft Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament) are near expiring, and fit to be continued for the Term *f Seven Years, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vol. 25.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Foreign to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Prot«stantj Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act - 1,1 for naturalizing such foreignProtestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conscientioufiy scruple the Taking of an Oath, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Defence by for allowing Persons impeached of High Treason, whereby CounW in any Corruption of Blood may be made, or for Misprision of1Tmf»n.* of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Counsel, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Lktard'*, this House, to the Bui, intituled, An Act for naturalizing *c* Nat* Mark Liotard and Henry Uhthoff: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St. James' to confirm an Agreement made by the Reftor and Vestry- Westniinftrr men of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of C urc *^ard* Westminster, for enlarging the Church-yard of the said Parish; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Refolded, That this House will, immediately, refoh'e Frauds inAd-itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the nwaunement Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an of Cot1* Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled.

An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex; and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes.

The House accordingly resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. /

Mr. West took- the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. IVe/l reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they baddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

IAt. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill: Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Forfeited to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, °* upon the Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates of certain Tr*ltor5' Traitors in his Majesty; and for the more effectually -discovering the fame, and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof 1 and for

Di (Tillers Licences.

JekylTs

residuary

Legatees.

Di fillers Licences.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture.

JekylTs

residuary

Legatees.

595

i6° — 27° Matt.

A. 1747.

for ascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved\That this House will, this Day, after they have proceeded upon the other Order of the Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the several Distillers within the Cities of London and Westminster. the Borough of , and

Weekly Bills of Mortality, to take out Licences, with a certain Duty payable thereupon, for the Retailing of spirituous Liquors.

The other Order of the Day being read ;,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable his Majesty to' allow to the Executor of Sir Joseph Khight, deceased, a certain Sum for the Relief of the residuary Legatees named ini his Will.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the several Distillers within the Cities of and

minster, the Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, to take out Licences, with a certain Duty payable thereupon, for the Retailing of spirituous Liquors. t

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.;

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Fane reported from the Committee, That they* had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2 y° die;

Anno 20* Georgii III. Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions which which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause or Clauses, for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties for the future.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable his Majesty to allow to the Executor of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, a certain Sum for the Relief of the residuary Legatees named in his Will, was committed,.

Distiller*

Licences.

Sail-cloth

Manufadu*

the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment^ were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wkh the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to impower the several Distillers within the Cities of LWe«'and Westminster, the Borough of Southwarki and Weekly Bills of Mortality, to take out Liccacfcs, with a certain Duty payable thereupon, for the Retailing of spirituous Liquors, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once re^d throughout; and then a Second time, one by one;. and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, wereagreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for r'aifipg the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do inlett, in the said Bill.'a Clause or Clauses, providing, that Prize Ships, lawfully condemned, be deemed as Bri/jfft-buUtShips.

Mr. West, according , to Order, reported, from the Frauds in Committee of the whole House, to whom, the Bill to ex- Adm«afure* plain, amend, and render more effectual* an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abides committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy

of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of Middlesex-, and to indemnify Persons, who have acted

under the said Act, in certain Cates; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, by ingossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon Estatei of the Bill for vetting the forfeited Estates of certain Traitors Ttaiion. in his Majesty; and for the more effectually discovering the feme, and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof; and, for ascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving. Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee ®f the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resume'd the Chair."

Mr.

Whale

Fishery.

House Duty Afcflbrs.

SapplyHOls

Sinking

Fuad.

Foreign

Prnteihmts

Nat.

JekylPi

Rdidutry

Legatees.

ao Geo. II.

*>nv~

27

8° M

397

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they

kid gone through the Bill; and made fevvral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House toconsider of the Petition of the several Owners of the Ships, Increase, Andrew Nirhoffon Mailer; the Volunteer, John Allcock Mailer; and the UJke Galley, Alexander Gay junior, Mailer; Three Ships fitted out lall Year for the Gieenland Seas, to catch Whales and other Creatures, agreeable in ever)' resptdl to the fevc-ral Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 28° Mali;

Anno 10° Georgii II1" Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

QR D E RE D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Commissioners for executing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, to appoint Allessors at any Meeting, and to oblige the Assessors, and other Officers, to comply with the Directions of the said Act: And that Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Id'ej do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrofild Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, lor the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Ulesand Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriat ing the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horle Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year 1747; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords,'

and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protellants, and other* therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protellants, who conscientiously. cruple the Taking of an Oath, betaken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

An ingossed Bill to enable h» Majesty to allow to the Executor of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, deceased, a certain Sum for the Relief of the residuary Legatees named in his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act tocnable his Majesty to allow to the residuary Legatees of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, late Mailer of the Roils, deceased, Part of the Legacy given by his Will to the Use of the Sinking Fund.

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Liddeli do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill der, a Bill to continue several Laws for the Encourage- Mwiofeaure ment of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and of *c. the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties for the future; and that Prize Ships condemned, shall be deemed as British built Ships: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to offices and indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify them- Empiojowut,. lelves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And that Mr. Sydenham and Mr. Lyttelton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That the Resolutions which, Address f*r a upon the 10th Day of April 174$, were reported from capuCorne* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- way. ferred to enquire into the Cause of the Miscarriage of his Majesty's Fleet, in the Action in the Year 1743, near Toulon, in the Mediterranean, against the combined Fleets of 'France and Spain, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read;

And the same were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That his Majesty's Fleet in the Mediter-c raneanf at the Time of the Engagement last Year near " Toulon, was superior in Force to the combined Fleets " of France and Spain.

Resolved, That the Miscarriage in that Action reflects on the Honour of his Majesty's Arms, and was " highly detrimental to the Common Cause, and to the " Interest of these Kingdoms.

" Resolved, That there is Reason to apprehend, from the Evidence laid before the Committee, that the said " Miscarriage was owing to a Misconduct and Milbe- haviour in some of the Commanders and Officers of " his Majesty's Fleet in the Mediterra."

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, most humbly t® desire his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Monument be erected in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, to the Memory of Captain James Cornewall, late Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Marlborough, who was flain whilst he bravely defended the said Ship against the combined Fleets of France and Spain, in the Action before in the Year 1743; and to allure his Majesty this House will make good the Expence of erecting the said Monument.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for veiling EstateTof the forfeited Estates of certain Traitors in his Majesty; Traitors, and for the more effectually discovering the fame, and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof; and for ascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were,

5 I with

398

28° — a90 Matt. — 1 Junii.

A. 1747.

Transported

Rebel*.

Yarmouth

Harbour.

Importation of printed Books, &c.

with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennett:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed (o the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive, continue, and amend an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Pire; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and first composed or written, and printed, in Great Britain; for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the Raft-Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the Britishi Plantations; and for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lord* have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act' for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, flain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to register their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of Process, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Verier is, 29* die Mail;

Anno 20* Georgii II. Regis, 1747.

T, , f A FTER Divine Service, Mr. Speaker, with the wtendi Di- House, walked from St. Margaret's Church to the

vine

Mr. Wrft presented to the House, according to Orde r, Uoofe Duty a Bill to impower the Commissioners for executing an Assessor*. Act, of this present Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses,

Windows, or Lights, to appoint Assessors at any Meeting, and to oblige the Assessors, and other Officers, to comply with the Directions of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to tlje House, That their Address of Yesterday had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty is pleased to comply with the Delire of this House, and will give Directions accordingly.

Antw'Cr to Address.

Mr. Sydenham presented to the House, according to office* and Order, a Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to Empty-men* qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to continue several Laws for the Encouragement Sail Cloth of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great of the Manufactury

Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; to give further 4tc* Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties for the future; and that Prize Ships condemned, shall be deemed as BritiOt built Ships'; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committep of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Support of 4ifa bled Set-men, Jtc

Prize

Agents.

Safe of She* riffs in Return of Pro-ccfs.

Service* House.

Dr. Hume thanked.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Hume, for the Sermon by him this Day preached before this House, at St. Margaret's West-mtifter; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that the Lord Dupplin and Mr. West, do acquaint him therewith.

Luna, i° die Junii \

Anno 20* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747 - Prayers.

SI R Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Malta* to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti- Estate. tuled. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Edward Masters,. deceased, for Payment of hi* Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for faking into Foreigt Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to Frotefiaiu* the Bill, intituled, An Act to extend the Provisions of N,t* an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants, who conscientioully scruple the Taking of an Oath, be now read: -And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into Consideration upon WestneJday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Sail-cloth resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, up- Manufadurt, on the Bill to continue several Laws for the Encouragement of the Making of Sailcloth in Great Britain, and

of

Set.

40 Geo. II.

3 99

of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom i to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and, Apprentices, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties for the future; and that Prize Ships condemned* shall be deemed as British built Ships; be now read:

Aud the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an fnstruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for landing Prize Goods, and securing them in Warehouses, to be approved by the Commissioners of Customs and Ex-cife, until they can be examined whether they arc proper for Home Consumption or Exportation.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they -Jiad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Martis, 2° die Junii;

Anno 2*# Georgii II. Regis, 1747.

Prayer#.

ABIL L to indemnify Persons who have omitted to offices and qualify themselves for Offices and Employments Employment, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mafleri' for Sale of the Estate of Edward deceased, for £ftice-

Payment of his Debts; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordamt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Torfcital Ktun of Traitor*.

DHKUer*

Licences.

Fraud 1 in Adtncafure* ment of Coala.

An ingrossed Bill for veiling the forfeited Estates of certain Traitors in his Majesty; and for the more effectually discovering the lame, and bringing into his Majesty's Exchequer the Rents and Profits and Produce thereof; and forascertaining the Debts and Claims thereupon, and giving Relief to the lawful Creditors and Claimants thereupon; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors; and for more effectually discovering the lame, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty; and foralcertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to impower the several Qiftillers within the Cities of London and Westminster, the Borough of Southwark, and Weekly Bills of Mortality, to take out Licences, with a certain Duty payable thereupon, for the Retailing of Spirituous Liquors, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences taken out by them for retailing Spirituous Liquors.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossfed Bill to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of and that

Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, as lies in the County of , and to indemnify Persons, who have acted under the said Act, in certain Cafes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act declaring valid such Acts as have been done by Thomas Paulin, as one of the principal Land Coal-roeters of the City and Liberty of between

the 29th Day of September last and the 8th Day of November following.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vot 25.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Sail-cloth Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Manufacture, continue several I,aws for the Encouragement of the &c-Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties for the future; and that Prize Ships condemned, shall be deemed as British built Ships; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

A Bill to impower the Commissioners for executing an House j)u.y Act, of this present Session of Parliament, for granting to Affcflbn. his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, to appoint Assessors at any Meeting, and to oblige the Assessors, and other Officers, to comply with the Directions of the said Act, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Alien:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions Heretable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for Jurisdiction*. making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for r?storing such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of die united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

And

400

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

'Mercuriiy 30 die yunii;

Anno 2o° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1747.

Pray ehs.

Sail-cloth A N ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws for the Manufacture, jtx Encouragement of the Making of Sail-cloth in Great Britain, and of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for the better securing the Payment of the said Duties for the future; and that Prize Ships condemned, shall be deemed as British built Ships; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Manufactures of Sail-cloth and Silk; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for Better securing the Payment of the Laid Duties; and declaring that Prize Ships, lawfully condemned, shall be deemed British built Ships; and for allowing Prize Goods to be landed and secured in proper Warehouses, without Payment of any Duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for Exportation or Home Consumption.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

Offices and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Employments. rer0jve jnt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for indemnifying beneficed Clergymen, who have not qualified themselves according to the Act of the 13th and 14th of King Charles the Second; and for allowing a further Time for that Purpose.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

M:. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sydenham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Sydenham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tq report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ho'-'fc Duty Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Aiiessor*. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to impower the Commissioners for executing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, to appoint Assessors at any Meeting, and to oblige the Assessors, and other Officers, to comply with the Directions of the said Act, be now read: And the said Order being read accordingly; , Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, that they have Power to receive a Clause, declaring, that in all Cases where the Kingdom of,

or that Part of Great Britain called England, hath been or shall be mentioned in any Act of Parliament, the Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed shall be thereby included.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Commi'tee, That they have Power to receive a Clause that in caie any of the People called Quakers shall be appointed Afleiiors for raising the Duties upon Houses, Win-.

A. 1747.

dows, or Lights, granted by an Act of this Session of Parliament, they be admitted to make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, prescribed in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects difienting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, instead of taking the Oaths appointed by the said Act of this Session of Parliament, and to verify upon their Affirmations the Certificates of Assessments.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the pore{ Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ProtestaHa An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Nat.. 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the taking of an Oath:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill add Proviso marked A:

A: " Provided allb, and it is hereby further Enacted,

" by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act,

" or in the said recited Act of the 13th Year; of his Majesty's Reign, contained, shall extend, or be construed " to extend, ter nauralize any Person or Persons whatsoever, who, by virtue of an Act, made in the 4th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to " explain a Clause in an Act, made in the 7th Year of " the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing toreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, are declared and enacted " not to be intitled to the Benefit of the said Act of " the 7th Year of her said late Majesty's Reign; but " that all such Persons shall be and remain in the same " State, Plight, and Condition, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have u been in, if the said recited Act of the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign, or this Act, had never been made;

" any thing in this Act, or in the said recited Act of " the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign, contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding."

The House was moved, That the several Provisoes of an Act, made in the 4th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, made in the 7th Year of the lleign of her, late Majesty Queen Anne, for naturalizing foreign Protestants, which relates to the Children of the natural-born Subjects of the Crown of England, or of Great Britain, might be read:

And the same were read accordingly:

Then the said Amendment was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Major-General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord-.

ships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1° — 30

50 Geo. II*

Jcvis, 40 yunity

Anno to* Georgii II. ‘ Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

£.»!! QRD ERE D, That Mr. Fane do carry to the Lords

the ingossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Manufactures of Sail-cloth and Silk; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid Tor the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for better securing the Payment of the said Duties; and declaring that Prize Ships, lawfully condemned, shall be deemed built Ships; and for allowing Prize Goods to be landed and secured in proper Warehouses, without Payment of any Duty, until it can lie determined whether they arc fit for Exportation or Home Consumption; and detire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

House Doty Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the AsselW*. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill tojm-power the Commissioners for executing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Ratos and Duties ujron Houses, Windows, or Lights, to appoint Afllflbrs at any Meeting, and to oblige the Assessors, and other Officers, to comply with the Di-reftions of the said Act, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ihgrofled.

Offices and Mr. Sydenham, according to Order, reported, from Zapioj-iueuu. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify them-ftlves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed 1 the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Scotch Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Highland enlarging the Time appointed for the Use of Highland

L>rc<s. Clothes by an Act of Parliament, of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland', and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the feme, with respect to such as are not landed Men: And that Mr. Attorney General, the Lord the Lord

Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Sollicitor-General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Scotch T he other Order of the Day being read;

Herctabl.* The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Jur.fd.cUns. VoL. 25.

4* Jurui* 401

Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the hcretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete: And the said Amendments were read; and are 4s fcl-loweth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 10. Leave out " yearly :'

In the Rider marked B, L. 24. After " restored,' insert or annexed

L, 25. After " Shire," leave out "to;" and insert " or Shires respectively within;" and in That and the 26th Line, leave out " belonged before such Disunion," and insert " do locally he, and " in case such Lands are interjefted between Two Shires,

" they shall be, and are hereby, annexed to the Shire " to the Head Borough of which, they are nearest adjacent

Pr. 14. L. ult. Before " Provided," add Clause A:

Pr. 16. L. 10. Leave out from " to," to " such," in the 14th Line, and insert " in case such Judiciary,

" Regality, or other Jurisdiction, hereby abrogated, had " never been erected, granted, or existed

L. 19. Before " Provided," add Clause B:

, Pr. 19. L. 29. Leave out " Six," and insert " Four:" Pr. 21. L. 17. After "Year," insert "for the Counties or Shires of Argyll and Bute

L. 30. After " be,' insert except all Cafe*

" which infer the Loss of Life or Demembration :"

Pr. 23. L. 13. After "Party," insert "and the De-.

" cree, Sentence, or Judgment, of such Circuit Court,

" in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall be final:"

Pr. 24. L. 12. Before "And whereas," add Clause C: L. 29. Leave out " Towns," and infer*

" Times:"

L. ult. Before "And whereas," add Clause D: At the End of the Bill, add Clause E.

In the Title of the Bill, Line the 9th, insert "and fof obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers,

" or Agents, in the Law in Scotland, to take the Oaths." Clause A: "Provided always, That the Power and " Jurisdiction hereby reserved to the Proprietors of " Fairs or Mercats, and of Coal-works, Salt-works, antj " Mines, or any of them, shall not extend, or be con* " strued to extend, to continue or reserve to them, of " any of them, any Power or Jurisdiction of trying, u judging, or determining, in any same whatsoever, inferring the Loss of Life or Demembration; but that " all such Jurisdiction, and Power of trying, judging, " and determining, in any same inferring the Loss of " Life or Demembration, shall be and is hereby, from " and after the said 23th Day of March 1748,. wholly " taken away and abrogated."

Clause B: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Letters Patent, Charter, or " Grant, to be made or granted by his Majesty, his " Heirs or Successors, or by the Barons of the Court of " Exchequer in Scotland, at any time after the Sixth Day " of June, in the Year of our Lord 1747, for the uniting or erecting any Lands or Tenements, within that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland, into a Barony, " Lordship, or Earldom, or under any other Denomination whatsoever; or for annexing any Lands or Tenements in Scotland, to any Barony, Lordship, or " Earldom, or other District of the like Nature, under " any Denomination whatsoever, heretofore granted or " erected; shall be sufficient or available in Law to pals, " grant, or convey, to the Grantee or Grantees therein " named, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, " any greater or other Jurisdiction than for recovering " and uplifting from the Vassals, Tenant, or PotTedor " of the Lands and Heretages of the Proprietor of J'uch " Barony, Lordship, or Earldom, the Mails and Dutfes,

jK " ot

4° Junii. A. 1747.

Scotch Heicuble Jurisdidti uni.

" or Rents and Profits thereof, or for Recovery of the Multures or Services payable or preliable to their " Mills; and that all Letters Patent, Charters, Gifts, " and Grants, of any of the Premises, to be made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall " be, and they are hereby enacted and declared to he " null and void."

Clause C: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act of Parliament made in " Scotland, in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-three, intituled, Act anent the discharging of " Advocations for Sums within Two hundred Merks, " shall, from and after the said :5th Day of , be,

" and the same is hereby, extended to the same of all " Advocations, in Cauies not exceeding the Value of " Twelve Pounds Sterling."

Clause D: " Provided always, That Circuit Courts u shall continue to be held, at such Towns as are ap-ft pointed for keeping and holding of Circuit Courts, by " an Act of Parliament made in the Year 1672, in-4‘ tituled, Act concerning the Regulation of the Judica- tories, or by this Act, but without any Prejudice to " the Power hereby veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, to diminish, augment, or alter the Di-ftridls for which such Circuit Courts shall be held, *' pursuant to the Provision herein before made."

Clause E: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the 29th Day " of September 1747, it shall not be lawful for any Person whatsoever in Scotland to act as a Writer, Agent, " or Sollicitor, or to manage, agent, or sollicit, any " Cause or Business in the Court of Session, Court of Judiciary (whether at Edinburgh or in the Circuit " Courts) qr in the Court of Exchequer, until such " Person shall have first taken and subscribed the Oaths " in the Court of Session or Judiciary, or in One of the " Sheriffs or Stewarts Courts, appointed by Law to be taken by Persons in Offices civil or military in Scotland, and caused a Certificate of his having so done to " be entered or regidered in a Book, to be kept for that 4‘ Purpose, in the respective Courts where any such Person shall so officiate j and it shall not be lawful for " any Person whatsoever to act or officiate as a Procu* " rator, Writer, Agent, or Sollicitor, or to plead, manage, agent, or sollicit, any Cause or Business in the " Court of any Sheriff or Stewart in , or any other

" inferior Court, until such Person shall have fird taken " and subscribed the said Oaths as aforesaid, and caused " a Certificate thereof to be regidered in such Court or u Courts, where he shall officiate as aforesaid; any Law, " Cudom. or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding: ‘‘ And every such Court shall be obliged, upon Demand " of such Persons, to adminider and regider such Oafhs " respectively."

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjuSrncd till this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

20.

75-

Teller, for lie Noe, j

So it passed it) the Negative.

Then the said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being L-verally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Claute A was read a Second time; arid, being an in-gross'ed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put Thereupon, agreed to by the Hoijfe.

Tl.ejiext Amendment, made by the Lords, to the furl Bill, being read a Second time, war, upon the Quel-tion put thereupon, agreed to by the House. '

Clause B, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingross d Clause, was read the Third time; arid, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, as far as Clause Cl, being severally lead a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C. was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause D, the next Amendment, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words:

" And the Court of Session in Scotland is hereby directed " and required to take into their Consideration, what Fees * they shall judge reasonable to be paid to the Clerks, or " other Officers, officiating in the Circuit Court?, or in the Courts of Sheriffs or Stewarts, in Civil Cauies,

" and regulate the same by One or more Act or Acts of " Sederunt, on or before the said 251I1 Day of March

" 1748, which shall be binding upon all Parties concer'ned, unless or until the same shall be altered by Act " of Parliament; and the Court of Judiciary shall, in " like manner, take into their Consideration what Fees " they shall judge reasonable to be paid to the Clerks, or " other Officers, officiating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Sheriffs or Stewarts Courts, in criminal Causes, and " shall regulate the same by One or more Act or Acts " of Adjournal, on or before the said 25 th Day of , which shall in like manner be binding on all Parties " concerned, unless or until the same be altered by Act " of Parliament."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,' agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause, thus amended, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause E, the next Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, being read a Second time:

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Clause, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words:

" And every Person who shall, after the said 29th Day " of September 1747, aft in manner above-mentioned in

" any of the Courts aforesaid, without having fird taken " and subscribed the said Oaths, and caused a Certificate " thereof to be regidered, as herein directed, shall, for " every such Offence, being thereof lawfully convicted " in any of the Courts aforesaid, where the Offence shall " have been committed, or before the Court of Session " or Judiciary, upon a summary Trial, forfeit the Sum " of £. ao Sterling, One Moiety thereof ,to his Majesty,

" his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the " Use of such Person who shall give Information of the " said Offence, and shall suffer Imprisonment for the " Space of Six Months, unless or until the same be " paid."

the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Clause, thus amended, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Title of the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, with Amendments to fotne of them: To which Amendments this House-doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord* Srctih ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Time appointed Highland for the Use of Highland Clothes by an Act of Parlia- ^rels' ment, of the Nineteeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual dilarming the Highlands

1

20 Geo. II. 4* — 50- — 1

lands in Scotland-, and f. r more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Just.tiary in Sfor not performing the Northern Circuit i:i A say 1746; and for obliging the Mailers and Teachers of private Schools in , and

Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to hisNlajesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the lame, with respect to such as are not landed Men: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 50 die yunii 5

Anno 20* Georgii IP1 Itegis, 1747. Prayers.

Htufc Duty \ N ingrossed Bill to impower the Commissioners for A (Mors. Xjl executing an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, to appoint Affcflbrs at any Meeting, and to oblige the Assessors, and other Officers, to comply with the Directions of the said Act, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act, of this - Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Dr. Pearce Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Dean of

id prrach on Winchester, and Prolocutor of the lower House of Con-June 11. vocation, be desired to preach before this House, at St.

Margaret'sWestminster, upon Thursday the Eleventh Day of this Instant June, being the Anniversary of his Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne: And that Mr. Campbell of Pembrokeshire, and Major-General , do acquaint

him therewith.

Offices and An ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have omit-Kmpioyments. ted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Sydenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch A Bill for enlarging the Time appointed for the Use of Highland Highland Clothes by an Act of Parliament, of the 19th Duets* Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland-, and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in' Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May ' 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and G ivernors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to Vol. 25.

i* — 120 Junii. 403

his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the fa pie, with respect to such as are not landed Men; was read a Second 'Pi me.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next,

at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday next, One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

yovist ii° die yunii}

Anno 21* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747.

THE House, after Divine Service at St. Margaret's House H'estminster, Mr. Speaker walking with the Mem- attendsDi-bers from the Churdh, met according to Adjournment, vine Service.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to pr pearce the Reverend Doctor Pearce, Dean of , and thanked.

Prolocutor of the lower House of Convocation, for the Sermon by him preached this Day before this House, at St. Margaret's fPestminster; and that he be desired to print the lame: And that Mr. Campbell of,

Mr. Owen, and the Lord Dupplin, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Scotch to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Highland upon the Bill for enlarging the Time appointed for the Dress. Use of Highland Clothes by an Act of Parliament, of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland-, and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Masters and

Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains,

Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the feme, with respect to such as are not landed Men; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris y 120 die yunii;

Anno 2i# Georgii IP* Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Suppjy gjj. for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out Sinking of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; Fund, and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the

Tw

JekylPs

reliduary

Legatees.

Scotch

Heretabie

Jurisdictions.

Tenure of Ward-holding in Scotland.

Ditto.

404 ' 12° JA. 1747.

Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year 1747; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to allow to the residuary Legatees of Sir Joseph JekyllKnight, late Mailer of the Rolls, deceased, Part of the Legacy given by his Will to the Use of the Sinking Fund, without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to some of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, Atv Act for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for relloring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in and for converting the same into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry in certainCafes; and for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred there by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there a summaryProcefs against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of Vassals at Head Courts there; and torascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to fell Lands to the Crown for erecting Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands; with lbme Amendments: To which the Lords defife the Concurrence of this House. And then the Mefiertgers Withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, into Consideration:

And the said Amendments were read, and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. L. ult. After " and, " insert " shall commence " and

Pr. 5. L. 26. Before " created," insert " be Pr. 6. L. 37. Leave out " of," and insert " or:"

Pr. 9. L. 12. Before " And whereas," add Clauses A and B:

Pr. 10. L. 4. Leave out from notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill, and add Clauses C, D, and E:

Clause A: " And whereas the InfranchiZing of Vassals of Subject Superiors, by causing them to become immediate Vassals of the Crown, is a Matter of publick " Benefit which ought to be encouraged: Be it therefore " Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and " may be lawful for any Person seised in, or possessed of, a tailzied Estate in Scotland, comprehending Lands-or " Superiorities of Vassals under or holding of him, to fell " to such Vassals, or any of them, the Superiorities over " their respective Lands, at such Prices as the Parties shall " agree for; and thereupon to resign such Lands, for " new Infeftment to be granted to such Buyer, of his " own Superiority, which shall be good and valid; any " Law, Charter, Tailzie, or other Act or Deed, ro the " contrary notwithstanding."

Clause B: " Provided always, That the Monies paid '* as the Price of such Superiority or Superiorities, being " Part of a tailzied Estate, shall be laid out and settled " to the same Uses, and with the same Limitations and " Restrictiorts, as such Superiority was settled before the " Sale thereof, as aforesaid; or applied for Payment of " the Debts, if any fych there be, of the Maker of the " Intail, or other Debts that arse effectual Burdens on the " tailzied Estate, not contracted by such Vendor himself; and, for that Purpose, the Monies shall be paid " into the Hands of Trustees, who shall be appointed " by the Vendor of such Superiority or Superiorities, and " the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, respectively; and " such Trustees, and the Survivor and Survivors of them, 22

" and the Executors and Ad mini ft razors of such Survivor, " shall lay out the Monies arising from such Sale in the " Purchase of other Lands or Heretages, and settle, or " procure the same to be settled, as aforesaid; or such " Monies to be applied for Payment of Debts on the " tailzied Estate, in the Manner herein before directed.-'

Clause C: " And whereas it has been frequently practised in Scotland, to lett Lands to Tenants or Taclcfmen, referring and expressing (over and above the " certain Kents and Duties payable for the lame) Services used and wont, or Services indefinitely, or other " general Words of the like Nature, without specifying " or ascertaining the fame, which Practice is liable to be " abused, is productive of Disputes between Landlord " and Tenant, and subject to divers Inconveniences: Be " it therefore Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That, " from and after the First Day of July, in the Year of " our Lord 1747, no Tenant or Tacksman of any Lands " or Heretages in Scotland, by virtue of any Lease or " Tack which shall be made in Writing, or by verbal " Agreement, tacit Relocation, or otherwise, after the " said First Day of July, or by virtue of the Prorogation of any Lease or Tack made before the said First " Day of July, or any Assignee of any such Lease or " Tack, shall be obliged or liable to perform any Services whatsoever to his Heretor or Landlord, other than " such as shall be expresslyand particularly reserved and " specified, and the Number and Kinds thereof enumerated and ascertained in some written Lease or Tack, ct or by some Agreement made in Writing, and signed " by the Parties thereto, or feme Persons authorized by " them; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding."

Clause D: " Provided always, That nothing herein " contained, relating to Services to be performed by any " Tenant or Tacksman after the said First Day of July, " shall extend, orbe construed to extend, to any Services " by Law or Custom due to Mills, or any Matter or Thing " relative thereto."

Clause E: " Provided, always, That nothing herein " contained, relating to Services to be performed by any " Tenant or Tacksman, after the said First Day of July, " shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Stewartry " of Orkney and ZetlandT or any Lands or Heretages *5. lying within the lame."

- The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A was read a Second time; and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The next Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, in Press 10. Line 4. whereby it was proposed to leave out from " notwithstanding" to the End of the Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause C. the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause D, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause E,the last Amendment, was read aSecond time; and, being an ingossed Clause, was read the Third time.

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw tip RealonS, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by their Lardship* which this House hath disagreed to:

And

x i Geo. II.

4°S

Scotch

Highland

Dress.

And a Committee was appointed of Sir Tongr,

Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Sir. Carew, Mr. Edward Mr. Witkinson, Mr. James Erj, Mr. Mr. Seuetary at War, Mr. Mr. Young, Mr.

Walker, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Gaj/,ry, Mr. Proflor, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord Petersham, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Mr. Nathanael

Newnham, \Jr. Hales, Lord Mr. Comewa/l:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Ycng: reported fr >in the said Committee,

That tiny had drawn up Keatons according'y; which they had chreeled him to report to the House; and he read the Kcp< rt in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

The Commons have agreed to all the Amendments, made by your Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in hrt.i, and for converting the same into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry in certain Calc*; and for taking away the Cafuahics of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred there by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Cauf.s; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there a Summary Proccls against Super.o; .; and f >r discharging the Attendance of Vallals at Head Courts there; and f >r afccruining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs ot Tailzie there to foil Lands to the Crown for eucling Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands; except to the Proviso marked L.

To the Proviso marked K, the Commons cannot.agree, for the following Rcalons:

ift, Because the said Amendment appears to be contrary to the Princip'e and Tenor of the Bill.

ad, Becaulc we do not apprehend there is any Reason sufficient to jutlify such Exception.

3d, Because such an Exception may. carry, the Appearance of Partiality,

The said Kcafons, being read a Second time, were, upon the Questionput thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-mattir of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve i t felt into a Committi e of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the 'l'ime appointed for the L'fe of Highland Clothes, by an Act of Parliament, of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more cfllftual disarming the Highlands in;

and for more cttlftually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Ulc of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Personsas have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Y outh, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register th'e rams', with respect to such as are not landed Men: Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, and Trustees, in Scotland, to fell Lands to the Crown.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commitfce.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Wilkinfontook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made teveral Amend-Vpu 25.

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Wilkinson accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with' the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Ciock.

Lunee, 150 Junii j Anno 21* Georgii II"1 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Time appointed for the Use of Highland Clothes by an Act of Parliament, of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more efTeftuafly securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Personsas have acted in Defence of his Majesty'sPerson and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges; and other Officers of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Matters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, 'furors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to register the fame; with respect to such as are not landed Men; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enlarge the Time limited by an' Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress ;* and to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, and Trustees, in Scotland, to fell Lands to the Crown.

Ordered, That the Lord Duppejin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scotch

Highland!

Drefit.

Mr. Nugent reported to the House, That he having. Tenure of according to Order, been with the Lords, to desire a Ward-holding Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, " Scotland, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry in certain Cafes; and for taking away the Cafoalties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred tjiere by Horning and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there a summary Process against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of Vaflhls at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to fell Lands to the Crown for eosfting Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands; the Lords do agree to a Conference; and appoint the same immediately in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who were appointed to draw up Reasons, to be ottered to the Lotds at a Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, which this House hath disagreed to, do hianage the Conference.

And the Names of the Managers were called over.

And they went to the Conference.

And being returned;

L Sir

40 6

15° — i6*- — 17e Junii.

A 1747.

Forfeited Eifates of Traitors.

Frauds in Admeasurement of Coals.

Distillers

Licences.

Supply Bill; HouseDutks.

Sail-cloth

M*uuf«&ure*

kc.

Offices and

Employ-

ments.

Tenure of Ward-holding

in Scotland.

Sir William Touge reported, That the Managers had 'been at the Conference; and delivered to the Lords the Reasons for disagreeirg to the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to the said Bill, which this House hath disagreed to; and had left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis ,16° Junii;

Anno 210 Georgii IIJi Regis, 1747.

Pr a tire.

AM ESS A GE from the Lords, by Mr, Edwards Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Londs have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors; and for more effectually discovering the lame, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act declaring valid such Acts as have been done by Thomas Paulin, as One of the principal Land Coal-meters of the City and Liberty of Westminster, between the Twenty-ninth Day of September last, and the 8th Day of her following, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences taken out by them for retailing spirituous Liquors, without any Amendment: And also, The Lends have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act, of this Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Manufactures of Sail-cloth and Silk; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for better securing the Payment of the said Duties; and declaring that Prize Ships, lawfully condemned, shall be deemed built Ships; and for allowing Prize Goods to be landed and secured in proper Warehouses. without Payment of any Duty, until it can be determined whether they are fit for Exportation or Home Consumption; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords do not insist on the Amendment, made by their Lordships, to thj Bill, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry in certain Cafes; and for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred there by Homing and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there a summary Process against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of Vassals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to fell Lands to the Grown for erecting Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands; to which this House hath disagreed. A,nd then the Messengers withdrew.

Scotch High laid

Urcl>.

Act of Grace.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuri:, 170 die

Anno ao* Georgii II. Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time limited by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, and Trustees, in Scotl, to fell Lands to

the Crown; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Parker and Mr. Baron Clive:

M r. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House,

That the Lords have humbly accepted and passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the King's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Bill was once read.

And, the Bill being signed by his Majesty, all the Members fat uncovered while it was read.

Resolved, Netnine contradicente. That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame.

A Message from his Majesty by Sir William - Royal Affem

Jon, Deputy Gentleman-Usherof the Black Rod: to BlU'-

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1747; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uies and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year 1747; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coatfe Linens:

An Act for vesting in his Majesty the Estates of certain Traitors: and for more effectually discovering the fame, and applying the Produce thereof to the Use of his Majesty; and for ascertaining and satisfying the lawful Debts and Claims thereupon: f

An Act for granting a Duty to his Majesty, to be paid by Distillers, upon Licences taken out by them, for retailing spirituous Liquors:

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Manufactures of Sail-cloth and Silk; to give further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted 10 be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices, and for better securing the Payment of the said Duties; and declaring that Prize Ships, lawfully condemned, shall be deemed British-bu\\t Ships; and for allowing Prize Goods to be landed and secured in proper Warehouses, without Payment of any Duty, until it can be determined whether they arc fit for Exportation or Home Composition:

An Act to enable his Majesty to allow to the residuary Legatees of Sir Joseph Jekyll Knight, late Matter of the Rolls, deceased, Part of the Legacy given by his Will, to the Use of the Sinking Fund:

An Act for allowing Persons impeached of High Trea-fbn, whereby any Corruption of Blood maybe made, or

for

2i Geo. II. 17"

for Misprision of such Treason, to make their full Defence by Counsel:

An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects. in that Part of Great Britain called ,whose

Title Deeds or Writings were destroyed or carried off by the Rebels in the late Rebellion:

An Act to prevent the Return of such Rebels and Traitors, concerned in the late Rebellion, as have been or shall be pardoned on Condition of Transportation; and also to hinder their going into the Enemies Country: An Act for the better adjusting, and more ealy Recover)', of the Wages of certain Servants; and for the better Regulation of such Servants, and of certain Apprentices:

An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, (lain, or drowned, in the Merchants Service:

An Act for the better securing the Payment of Shares of Prizes, taken from the Enemy, to the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for preventing the Embezzlement of Goods and Stores belonging to the said Hospital:

An Act for the Ease of Sheriffs with regard to the Return of Process:

An Act to continue several Laws for prohibiting the Importation of Books reprinted abroad, and full corn-poled or written, and printed, in Great Britain; for preventing Exadions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, West ward, and for alee; twining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River $ and for better securing the lawful Trade of his Majesty's Subjects to and from the Eaf-Indies, and for the more effectual preventing all his Majesty's Subjects trading thither under foreign Commissions; and relating to Rice, to Frauds in the Customs, to the clandestine Running of Goods, and to Copper Ore of the Plantations;

and for the Free Importation of Cochineal and Indico; and for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes or Locks, or other Works, erected by Authority of Parliament:

An Act for taking away and abolishing the heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the united Kingdom, by die King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents, in the Law in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete: An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in Scotland, and for converting the same into Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Nonentry in certain Cafes; and for taking away the Casualties of Single and Life-rent Escheats incurred there by Homing and Denunciation for Civil Causes; and for giving to Heirs and Successors there a fumtnary Process against Superiors; and for discharging the Attendance of Vassals at Head Courts there; and for ascertaining the Services of Tenants there; and for allowing Heirs of Tailzie there to fell Lands to the Crown for erecting Buildings and making Settlements in the Highlands:

An Act to enlarge the Time limited by an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and to enable Heirs of Tailzie, Guardians, Tutors, Curators, and Trustees, in Scotland, to fell Lands to the Crown:

An Act to enforce the Execution of an Act, of this Stfftion of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Promotions within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act declaring valid such Acts as have been dohe by Thomas Paulin, as One of the principal Land Coal-meters of the City tod Liberty of Westminster, between the 29th Vol. 25.

Juni'u 407

Day of September last and the 8th Day of following:

An Act to extend thejProvisions of an Act, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing such foreign Protestants, and others therein mentioned, as are settled, or shall settle, in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, to other foreign Protestants who conscientiously scruple the Taking of an Oath: An Act to revive, continue, and amend, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for clearing, dcplh-ening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depth-cning and making more navigable the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the said Haven from Accidents by Fire:

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to re-eifter their Letters of Attorney, appointing them Agents for Prizes, within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the Parish of IValt on upon Thames, in the County of Surrey, to Shepperton, in the county of :

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the publiik Conduits, and other Water-works, belonging to the Town of Southampton:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts of Parliament patted for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and and

from Wymondham to Hetherset, and from the Mouth of Wigmore lane to Hall Walk Gate in , in the County of Norfolk-, and for amending the other Roads adjoining to the Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; and making the said Acts, more effectual:

An Act for holding the Summer Assizes and Sessions of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, in the City and County of Norwich, until a new Shire-house can be built for the said County of Norfolk -, and for building a new Shire-hou(e on the Castle Hill, in the same County; and for raising Money on the said County for that Purpose:

An Act for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through Winflon, to Bin the same County:

An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham:

An Act for repriring the Road leading from Catkerick Briuge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said' County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence, through in the said

County of Durham, to the City of Durham:

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, granted by an Act, passed in the 12th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repair-, ing and widening the Roads from the City of to the City of Hereford-, and for repairing other Roads in the County of Gloucester:

An Act for repairing the Road leading from -cester, in the County of Gloucester, to Birdlip's Hill, in the said County:

An Act for founding and building a Chapel in Wed-nesfield, in the Parish of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford:

An Act to enable the Parishioners of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn, in the City of London, and County of

Middlesex, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for an additional Burying Ground for the Use of the fauj Parish; and to enable the said Parishioners to raise such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary for that Purpose:

An Act to confirm an Agreement made by the Redof and Vestry-men of the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, for enlarging the Church-yard of the said Parish; and (brother Purposes therein mentioned:

An

Royal Assent to Biih.

Jl

408

i 70 Junii.

A. 1747.

lnval A(fe it

to Bilii.

An A(51 for unitin" the Two Colleges of Salvator and St. Leonard, in the University of St. pursuant loan Agreement for that Purpose:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Two Acts of Parliament, fur laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Peer brewed and vended within the Town of Dand the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, for the Purposes in the said Acts and this present Act mentioned

' An Act for veiling the capital Me Ullage called Great Frogmore, with the Lands and Grounds thereunto belonging, deviled by the Will of Mary late Ducheis of Northumberland, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of certain Estates in the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Glotof Robert

Esquire, and Robert Civillym, his Son, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the lame, and for settling, in lieu

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, passed in thereof, other Lands and Hereditaments in the County

the Sixth Year of the lfeign of his late Majesty King George the First, j^tituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Peny Scots, or ‘One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling upon every Scots Pint of Beer or Ale vended or sold within the Town of Bruntisland, and Liberties thereof, for increasing

of Lancafterand for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting a Farm and Lands in Cnllumpton, in the County of Devon. late the Estate of Robert Drew Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, in order to convey the same to Henry Crttwys, Gentleman, pursuant to an Agree-

the publiclt Revenue of the said Town; and for other ment with Mary Dr eve. Widow; and for discharging a Purposes therein mentioned: Mortgage on the said Estate:

An Act for the King's most gracious, general, and free An Act for Sale of the Estate of Masters, de-

Pardon: ceased, for Payment of his Debts; and for other Pur-

An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles poses therein mentioned: of Agreement between the Heirs at Law and Devisees of An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Corbyn Morris Joceline.late, Earl of Leicester, deceased, for the Settle- Esquire, with Elizabeth his now Wife; and to

ment and Disposition of the real Estate of the said Earl; enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes there-and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual, for in mentioned:

the Purposes thereby intended: An Act to impower Mary Stillington, Widow, to exe-

An Act for raising Money out of the settled Estates cute a Power veiled in Stillington Esquire, her late

of Richard Oakeley Esquire, in the Counties of Salop and Husband, deceased, for railing Money to complete the Oxford, for the Payment of several Debts and Incum- Inclosure of the common FjyIds and common Grounds brances, and for providing a Recompence for the fame, in the Manor of Kefield, in the Coyply of Turk: in such Manner as is therein mentioned: An Act to endble 'Bufiell Esquire, and his De-

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Henry feendants, to take and (use the Surname and Arms of Talbot Esquire, in the County of Warwick, in him, in

Fee-fimpie, discharged of the Uses of his Marriage Set- An Act for naturalizing" Liotard, Henry Uhthoff, dement, upon his settling other Lands, of greater Value, a.n<\John David Ziegell

to the same Uses - An Act for Sale of the Estates of William Moore Esquire, in the Counties of Surrey, and Stafford,

for Payment of Debts and Legacies:

An Act to impower Anne Colemore, Widow, and her Assigns, during the Life of Thomas Colemore, Merchant, to make Building Leases of Lands in and near Birmingham, in the j^ounty of Warwick:

An Act to enable the Guardians of Elizabeth and Diana Sambrooke, Infants, to join with Mary brooke, their Sifter, in making Building Leases of divers Houses and Tenements in the County of Middlesex

An Act for naturalizing Albert Vahdenvelde, Mc-r-T chant.

After which, his Majesty waSpleaf-d to make a most . The Iting'* gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of; Speech. Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

Nothing could have been more acceptable'to me than the Zeal and Dispatch with Which you have gone through the publick Business, during the Course of this-Session: The Care and Attention you have shewn to extinguish any Remains of the late Rebellion, and to*

An.Ad to impower the Guardians of William Mitchell, strengthen the Foundations of our future Tranquillity by and' other Infants, to make Leases of their Estates, in the new Provisions, ai well1 for restoring the proper Autlio-several Counties of Huntingdon, Surrey, Middlesex, Cam- rity of the Government in North as for better

bridge, Leicester, -Kent, Somerset, and Norfolk, during securing the Liberties of the People there, cannot fail to their Minorities: have the most beneficial fconsequences.

Act for making a Settlement of the real and per- The great Efforts you have made for carrying on the ioriai Estate of Thomas Garrard Esquire, deceased, pur- War in a vigorous Manner, have shewn you not to be* fyaqt to his Intention declared in his Life-time, and at less attentive to our foreign'tbari our domestic Inter-t hp Desire, and with the Consent, of his Six Sons: efts: They have given1 Spirit to pay Allies, and enabled me,

An Act for vesting several Estates of Thomas Roll in Conjunction with them, to bring a'numerous and Esquire, in Tru(le?s, to be sold, for railing'Mofley to powerful Army early in to ‘"the Field; and to1 maintain' discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame, and other strong Squadrons at Sea, fr the Protection and Defence Debts; and for securing an Equivalent in respect of the of our Trade and Possellibns, the Annoyance df our settled Part of such Estates, for the Benefit of his Wife Enemfes, and for supporting and enforcing the Operations and Infant Son, and for the providing Portions for his of my Allies in e Invasion made by France

Daughters; and for other Purposes: U[>on tlje Territories of the States General of the United

An Act for Sale of the real Estate of Richard Powys Provinces, has had a different* Effect from what our Ene- Esquire,.deceased, for Payment of his Debts and Daugh- mies promised thetnfelveS from it: The voluntary and ters Portions; and for other Purposes"therein expressed: speedy Succour, which I lent on that Occasion, was re-

An Act for Sale of certain Estates in Tewin and Datch- ceived with the utrhdft Joy, a id has been of great Ule; worth, in the County of Hertford, belonging to Jane, and the States have thereupon nbt only resolved on a great Anne, Mary, and SufatmaAw drey Kemys, Infants, pur-/ Augmentation of their Forces, which is actually making, suant to an Agreement entered into by their Trustees for but have taken such Steps nsmuft convince our Enemies that Purpose: ", . how determined they are vigorously to support their own

An Act. for, bale of the settled and other Estate of John Independencv, and the Interests of the common Cause: Curtis fin the County of Norfolk, and applying Part of I have the peculiar Satisfaction to acquaint ydu, That the' the Money at-ijl-ng thereby in Payment of Legacies and Union between Great Britain and the Republick, IbneceP Debts; and applying- other Part of such Money in the fary for both Nations, was never more cordial, or bettefe I'urchaie of other Effaces, to be fe ttled to the like Uses; elhblished, than it is at present. and, for other Purposes therein mentioned: ‘

" ..... 22 '* ‘JI*

j

2i Geo. II. 17*

The Ggnal Success, which, by the Blessing of God, has already attended my Fleet, has happily dii'appointed Tome very pernicious Projects of our Enemies, and given a considerable Blow to their Naval Strength, as well as to their Commerce, which will be the most probable Means of reducing them to Reason: This is the great Object which I have at Heart, the foie View of all my Measures being to put an End to the Calamities of War by a safe and honourable Peace.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I mud acknowlege in a particular manner the Zeal and Application with which you have raised the necessary Supplies for the Service of the current Year: And your Readiness in making good the Deficiency of the Civil Lid Funds, arising from the unavoidable Consequences of War, is a fresh Instance of that Regard and Affection which I have always ex| erienced from you: To be able to effectuate all this immediately after the Suppressing of an unnatural and expensive Rebellion, and under the Burdens of War, must let the Strength and Credit of the Nation in the highest Light, and secure to the Crown of Great Britain that Weight and Respect, both with its Friends and Enemies, which justly belong to it.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

After the Examples 6f Justice which have been found necessary, 1 have with Pleasure taken the very first Opportunity of doing what is more agreeable to my own Inclination, the passing an Act of Grace: The good EftcCt I promise myfelt from hence, is to heal in some measure those Wounds which have been made, and re-establish the Quiet of the Kingdom; since, by this Act, the Generality of those, who have been deluded from their Duty, will find themselves restored to Security, and to the Protection of those Laws which they had endeavoured to subvert: A just Sense of this early Mercy, will, I hope, induce them to make fuel) Returns of Loyalty and Gratitude as so strong an Obligation requires.

As this Parliament would necessarily determine in a short time, and as nothing will givefo much Weight and Credit to our Affairs abroad in the present Conjundure as to shew the Dependence 1 have upon the Affect ions of my People, 1 have judged it expedient lj>ecdi!y t* call a new Parliament i but 1 should think mylcli inexcusable,

4°9

if I parted with this without publickly returning you my Thanks for the ma^y eminent Instances you have given me of your inviolable Fidelity and Attachment to my Person and Government, and your unlhaken Adherence to the true Interestof your Country, and the Protestant Succession in my Family: By the divine Blessing, and your vigorous Assistance, I have been enabled to crulh and defeat the moil audacious Attempt that has ever been made to overturn the present Establishment, and at the same time to furnish that Support to our ancient and natural Allies which has already dilappointed some of the most dangerous V iews of Ambition with which our Enemies began the War: Such extraordinary Merit, as it will always be gratefully remembered by me, must endear the Memory of this Parliament to Posterity: From such Demonstrations of the Loyalty and Affection of my faithful Subjects, I do with the utmost Satisfaction repose myself upon them; and do not in the least doubt of receiving new Proofs of the same good Disposition in the Choice of their Representatives.

I have nothing so much at Heart as the Preservation of the Civil and Religious Rights of my People, and the Maintenance of the true Greatness and Prosperity of this Nation: From thel'e Principles I will never deviate; and in these Principles every true Briton will concur: Let this appear by your Conduct in the present Conjuncture; and let nofalfe Arts or Misrepresentations take place to interrupt or weaken that Confidence and Harmony between me and my People, which have been, and ever will be, productive of such happy Effects.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued until Thursday the Ninth Day of July next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Thursday die Ninth Day of July next.

V

Parliament

prorogued.

Y'o!. 2

5

M

C 411 J

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

VOL. 25.

Vol. iji

[ 4*3 ]

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION

have their AdVice, in PaTffiMnent, do hereby make known to all our loving Subjects our Royal Will and Pleasure to call a new Parliament: And do hereby further declare.

For dissolving this present Parliament, and declaring the That> with the Advice of our Privy-Council, we have Calling of another. this Day given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain

GEORGE R. to ifftke <iut Writs, in due Form, for calling a new Par-

Calling of another.

to ifftke <iut Writs, in due Form, for calling a new Par-

WHEREAS we have thought fit, by and with lament; which Writs are to bear on Monday the the Advice of our Privy-Council, to dissolve this Twenty-second Day of this instant , and to be return-

present Parliament, which now Rands prorogued to able on Thursday the Thirteenth Day of August next. Thursday the Ninth Day of July next; We do, for that Given at our Court at the Eiehteenth Day

fV»ie nnr P nwal PrnrltimofiAn onrl A

tizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are discharged from their Meeting and Attendance on the said Ninth Day of July next: And we, being desirous and Fefolved, as soon as may be, to meet our People, and

End, publish this our Royal Proclamation; and 4p hereby dissolve the fitid Parliament accordingly And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, CS-

'arliament

prorogued.

[ 413 1

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE /COMMONS.

Self. 1747 — 8.

Jovisy 1 30 die;

Anno 21* Georgii II'" Regis, 1747.

THE Ring's most Excellent Majesty having, by his Royal Proclamation, hereunto annexed, dated the 18th Day of 1747, dissolved the lad Parliament; and by his Writ of Summons ifTocd under the Great Seal of Britain, bear ing Tejle at ll'cftminjhx, on Monday the 22d Day of the

lame Month; and returnable on this Day; called a new Parliament; and the Honourable diaries and John Yorke L(quires, Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, having delivered to Nicholas HarJinge Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, a Book, containing a Lid of the Names of 1 uch Members as had been returned to serve in this Parliament; several of the Members appeared, and underdanding that the Parliament was to be prorogued by Writ, went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the Door of the House of Peers; and, afteralhort Stay there, the Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod opening the Door, they, with the Clerk, went up to the Bar of the House: And they being the re, the Lord Chancellor, danding up uncovered, declared that there was a Writ issued under the Great Seal for proroguing the Parliament.

Which Writ, lying on the Table, his Lordship directed the Clerk to read: And the same was read accordingly, lor proroguing the Parliament until the 10th

Day of September next ensuing; as followeth;

George R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God of Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &e. To our vvcll-beioved and faithful the Prelates,

Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioneri, for Shires and Burghs of our Lid Kingdom, called and cholen to our Parliament to be begun and held at our City of ,on the

13th Day of this inilant Month of Anytji, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain arduous and prilling Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of cur Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be held at the Day and Place aforesaid; and did command you, by our several Writs, to be prelenr, at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those Things, which, in our laid Parliament, tl en and there should be proposed and treated cf; nevertl cless, for certain Causes and Con-VoL. 25.

fidcrations, us at this time especially moving, we have thought fit that our said Parliament be prorogued unto Thursday the 10th Day of September next ensuing; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear on the said 13th Day of at the aforesaid

City: We also will. That you, a. id every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern. That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said 10th Day of September, at our said City of Westminster, to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Tilings, which, in our said Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, by God's Assistance, shall happen to be ordained. Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the 7th Day of , in the 21st Year of our Reign.

Signed by the KING himself.

Yorke and Yorke.

yovisy 1 o° die Septembrts;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdiRegis, 1747.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and underdanding that the Parliament was to be again prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expecting any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers: Where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto Thursday the 8th Day of Qflober next ensuing; which Writ is as followeth;

George R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and , King, Defender of

the Faith, &c. To our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom of Great Britain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners for Shires and Burghs of our laid Kingdom, called and chosen to our Parliament to be begun and held at our City of the 10th

Day of this instant Month of September, and to every of you, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain arduous and pressing Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the City of Westminster, the 13th Day of Aiiguji last past; and did command you, by our several Writs, to be present, at the City and Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and con-

3 N elude.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

414 i o® Septeqtbris. — -8° Ottobris. . 1747.

Parliament

farther

prorogued.

elude, about those Things, which, in our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas we have, by our Writ, for certain Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especially moving, thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament, from the same 13th Day of August, to and until the loth Day of following; so that neither you, nor any of you, shouldToe held or obliged to appear, on the said 13th Day of gujl, at the aforesaid City} being willing, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefromj and, by the same Writ, we very lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, and be present, on the (ajid lOth' Day of September, at oUr said City, to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in our laid Parliament, should happen to be ordained; nevertheless, for certain pressing Causes and Considerations, us especially thereunto moving, our said Parliament, from the said 10th Day of September, to and until the 8th

Day of October following, we have thought fit further to

prorogue; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said 10th Day of September, at the aforesaid City: We also will. That you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Pre-ftnts, strictly requiring, you, and every of you, and all others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said 8th Ddy of October, at our said City of to.

treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in bur said Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, by God's Act dance, shall happen to be ordained 1 'Witness Ourself, at the 8th Day

of September, in the Twenty-first Year of ,our Reign*

Signed by the KING himself.

YoRifE and Yorks,

JoviS) 8° dieOElobris;

Anno 21° Georgii II. Regis, 1747.

SEVERAL Members this Day appeared; and, understanding that the Parliament was to be. again, prorogued by Writ, they went, as before, without going into the House of Commons, or expcftijig any Message from the Lords, up to the House of Peers: Where the Writ was read, for further proroguing the Parliament unto Tuefduy the 10th Day ot November next, followings which Writ is as followeth;

tain, and to our beloved and faithful the Knights, Citizens, Burgesses, and Commissioners, for Shires and Burghs of our said Kingdom, called and chosen to our Pafpament to be begun and held at our City of Westminster, ,the 8th Day of this instant October, and to every of yop, Greeting. Whereas we, for certain arduous and pressing Affairs, concerning us, the State and Defence of our Kingdom of Great Britain and the Church, did ordain the said Parliament to be begun and held at the aforesaid City on the 13th Day of last past; and did

copimand you, by our federal Writs, to be present, at the City an,d Day aforesaid, to treat, consent, and conclude, about those things, which, in our said Parliament, then and there should be proposed and treated of: And whereas we, by our Writ, for certain'Causes and Considerations, us thereunto especially moving, have thought fit to prorogue our said Parliament, from the same 13th Day of August, unto the 1 oth Day of September last past, and from thence, by another Writ, unto the 8th Day of this instant October-, so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said Days, at the said City; being willing, that you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; and, by the same Writ, we lately commanded you, and every of you, to appear, anti be personally present, on the said 8th Day of this instant October, at the City aforesaid, to treat, do, aft, and conclude, upon those Things, which, in our said Parliament, should happen to be ordained; nevertheless* for certain Causes and Considerations, us hereunto especially moving, we have thought fit further to prorogue our said Parliament, from the said 8th Day of this instant October, unto Tuesday the 10th Day of November next following; so that neither you, nor any of you, should be held or obliged to appear, on the said 8th Day of this instant October, at the aforesaid City: We will therefore, That you, and every of you, be wholly discharged as to us therefrom; commanding, and, by the Tenor of these Presents, strictly requiring, you, and every of you, and1 all* others whom this may concern, That you, and every of you, do personally appear, and be present, on the said 10th. Day of November, at our said City of to treat, ao, aft, and conclude upon those Things, which, in our said Parliament, by the common Council of our said Kingdom, by God's Assistance, shall happen to be ordained.5 Witness Ourself, at Westminster, the Second DaV of October, in the Twenty-first Year of our Reign.

Signed by the KING hirqfelF.

York* and York*.

George R.

GEORGE the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of! the Faith, iBc. To our well-beloved and faithful the Prelates, Nobles, and Peers, of our Kingdom'of Great -

31 Geo. II.

Pr^chmwtion for mctting of PariuuDCQi.

Lord

Stewtrd's

Deputation.

By the KING.

A PROCLAMATION.

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS our Parliament, which we summoned to meet at Westminster, on the Thirteenth

Day of August lad, (lands prorogued to the Eighth

Day of this instant October-, we, by the Advice of our Privy-Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, on the said Eighth Day of this indant October, to the Tenth

Day of November next; and we have given Order to our Chancellor of Great Britain to prepare a Writ Patent, under our Great Seal, for proroguing the same accord-

4i5

ingly: And we do further hereby declare our Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Tenth Day of November, be held, and fit, for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, of the House of Commons, are hereby required to give their Attendance accordingly, at We, on the said Tenth Day of November next.

Given at our Court at Kenflthe Sccood Day of October 1747, and in the Twenty-tirft Year of our Reign. '

GOD save the KING.

Zlfl L LIAM Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, Knight of the most Noble Ordpr of the Garter, and One of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council; To alj to whom these Presents shall come. Greeting. Know ye. That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office of Lord Steward, have constituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable the Lord Vere Beauclerk, the Right Honourable the Lord George the Right Honourable the Lord Viscount

Dupplin, the Right honourable the Earl of Inchiquin in the Kingdom of Ireland; the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow, Esquire, the Right Honourable Horatio Walpole Esquire, the Honourable Felton Hervey Esquire, the Honourable Lieutenant-General John Campbell, the Honourable Peregrine Pou/et Esquire, the Honourable Charles Townshend, Esquire; Sir Charles Wyndham Baronet, Sir Francis Poole Baronet j the Honourable Alexander Hume Campbell Esquire, the Honourable John Talbot Esquire; the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount;

Sir William Irby Baronet, Sir George Downing Baronet; the Honourable William Murray Esquire, his Majesty's Sollicitor-General; S\x Thomas Bootle Knight; the Honourable Robert Fairfax Esquire; Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, the Honourable William Herbert Esquire, the Honourable William MonBon Esquire; Sir James Carnegie Baronet, Sir Duncan Campbell Baronet; the Right Honourable William Lord Viscount Dnncannon; Samuel Kent Esquire, Lieutenant-General Sinclair, Richard Plumer Esquire, Kyf Williams, Andrew Esquires j Lieutenant?

General Onslow 1 Thomas Ereskint, William Rawlinson Earle Esquires, Maurice Bocland, Miles Barue, Pierce Acourt, William AJke, William Sloper, Richard Lyttelton, Esquires, Albert , Henry Holmes, Francis Reynolds, Robert

Henley, Edward Willes, Robert Webb, Richard Clayton, Esquires, William Wyndham Ashe, Alexander , John Frederick, Peniflon Powney, Thomas Clarke, Thomas Medlyc Walter Cary, Luke Robinson, Jonathan Rajhleigh,

John Buller, Charles Frederick, Samuel Martin, Thomas Howard, Gorton Orme, James Edw. Colleton, Jof. Darner,

Thomas Brand, Welbore Ellis, John Pollen, Charles Pelham, Edw. Wortley Montagu, Wm. Robert Nugent,

John Tuckfleld, James Campbell, Colonel John Campbell, Paggen Hale, Sydenham, John Hill, Theobald Taaffe,

Esquires; the Right Honourable Wm. Marquis of Hartington George Trenchard and Joseph Esquires; or

any Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, ray Deputies and Deputy, in my place and (lead, to tender and administer the Oaths mentioned in the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Qucllions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, and of all and every other Statute and Statutes, directing the Taking of the said Oaths before me, ti all and every Person and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissfioners off Shires or Burghs, of the present Parliament, appointed to meet the Tenth Day of November indant; and to take and receive the Oaths of all and every the (kid Verlon and Persons, which is, are, or shall be, elected.or appointed a Knight, Citizen, Burgess, Baron of any of the Five Ports, or Commissioners for the Shires or Burghs, aforesaid, for the said Parliament; giving the tn. Six, Five, Four, Three, Two, or One, of them, full Ppwer and Authority to execute and perform the fame; ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my Deputies or Deputy shaft, do and perform, in this behalf, in as ample, perfect, and full Manner, as if I myself had been personally present, and, done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal, this Tenth Day of , in the'

Onc-and-twentieth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith', Annoqne Domini 1747.

Devonshire. (L. S.)

io° Novembris.

A. 1747*

Parliamentum, inceptum et tentum apud civitatem Westmonafteri-enfem die Martis, 10° die Novembris, anno regni Domini nostri Georgii Secundi, Dei gratia Magnae Britannia^, Francise, et Hiberniae, Regis, fidei defenforis, &c. 21 % annoqu Domini 1747.

Parliament

meets.

Msfbige to attend in the Peers.

The Lori Chancellor's Speech*

M\ Onslow Speaker.

ON which Day, being the First Day of the Meeting of this Parliament for the Dispatch of Business. pursuant to a Proclamation hereunto annexed, and also to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose, the most noble William Duke of Devo, Lord Steward of his Majesty's Houshold, came, about Ten of the Clock, into the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, where the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members returned to serve in Parliament are usually administered; and Nicholas Hardingc Esquire. Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Reade, Clerk Allistant, and the other Clerks, at-

tending, according to their Duty; the Lord Steward did himself, in Person, administer the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who appeared; and, .Afterwards made a Commission, or Deputation, under his 1 Japd.APd Seal, hereunto also annexed, impowering several of the Members, who had before, been sworn, to adtr^iniftef the said Oaths to the rest of the Members.returned. Tome of which Commissioners administered thclame accordingly to such other Members as appeared: Which being done, the Members repaired to their. Seats jn the House of Commons. After which,-'.;

A Message was delivered from the King, by the Honourable Mr. Bellcnden, Grentlemen-Ufhqr of the Black Rod:

Gentlemen,

: The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of- Peers. , Accordingly, the House went up to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, by ftis Majesty's Direction, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I have it in Command from his Majesty to acquaint you, That he is pleated to defer declaring the Causes, of railing this'Parliament, till, thy re (Trap be a Speaker of tha House of Commons: It is therefore, hi-fj Majesty's PJeA-sure, That you, Gentlemen" of the 'House of ComtnonsL do immediately repair to the Place where the Commons usually fit, end there chufca fhPJftbn to lie your Speaker; and mar you prdent the Person, who llaall be lb chol'cn, to his Majesty here, for Lis Royal Approbation, on daynext, at Two of the Clock And, the House being returned;

The Right Honourable William Marquis of Son and Heir Apparent of the most noble William Duke of Devorshire, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County of Derby, addressing himself to the Clerk (who,

standing up, pointed to him, and then fat down) lpake to the kited following; viz.

Mr. Hardingc,

H is Majesty having just now, at the House of Peer;, notified to us his Pleasure, that we should proceed to

the Choice of a Speaker, I hope I shall not be thought impertinent if I presume to offer my Thoughts upon this Occasion; and, as lam fenlible of what great Consequence it is to chute a proper Person to fit in that Chair, I should think myself very unpardonable, if I presumed to offer any one to this Assembly, for their Approbation, that I was not convinced was thoroughly capable in every' respect; but what emboldens me the more, is, that I flatter myself that the Person that I shall propose, is one that no^body can have the least Objection to The-Choice of a Speaker has at all times been -looked upon as an Affair of the great eft Importance; but give me Leave to say, if ever tjiere-was a Time, that it was more particularly so, jt is thepresent, when the Affairs of this Country are'4n so -critical, nay, I am afraid, so dangerous al Situation, that not only the Fate and Liberty of this Island, buiffhat of i.Rurope in general, may depend upon the Result of our Peliberations; at. such a Time, surely, we cannot be too . Cautious who we chuse to preside over us.

The Difficulties that attend an Office of this Nature are great;, and the Qualifications that are necessary to support the Character, many; and though I lee a great many Persons in this House, whole distinguished Abilities and Reputation make them equal to any Undertaking, yet I hope they will pardon the Preference I shall give. It is not the greatest Abilities, and the greatest Integrity* that are alone sufficient; the greatest Experience and Kndwlege in the Laws and Customsof Parliament, are indispensably necessary: Temper and Judgment to difeern 'what is right, and Resolution at all times to enforce it, to watch over, to guard, and to protect, the Liberties arid Privileges of the Commons of £«|-/4*</,-to)maintain their Interests,-.and to ptjeferve Order and Decency in all their Proceedings, is qo easy Talk: But the greater the Difficulties; jbe greater is our good Fortune, that pad Experience^through a Scries of Twenty Yelrs, points out to us where to apply; it shews us an honourable Mefnberof this House, that has fat in that Chair, and made Three-successive Parliaments appear in their true Splendor, by maintaining the Honour and Dignity of the Commons of Great Britain, and Uniformity in the Customs and Uftige of Parliament; and with how much Honour to himself, is needless for me to fav: The World is already convinced of that; and the Journals of this House will shew it in a better Manner than I can express. To give the Honourable Gentleman the Praises that are due to him, would to me, I am lure, be a very grateful Talk; and nothing but knowing him so well, anti the Apprehensions of offending him, should prevent me from doing that Justice to his Merit which is universriiy allowed: Tints far, I hope, he will give ine Leave to say, That I shall always eftrem it as a p.cuhar Felicity to have had the Honour of proposing Mr. Onslow for Speaker to this

House

#i Geo. II. to*

House of Commons. It is needled in me to take up any more of your Time, as I am persuaded the Gentleman's own Character will add more VYeightto my Motion than any thing that 1 can say to enforce it} and therefore I move, That the Right Honourable Arthur Onslow Esquire be desired to take the Chair, as Speaker.

Then the Honourable Philip Yorke Esquire, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honourable Philip Lord Hardwicke, Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, One of the Knights of the Shire for the County o

bridge, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk (who, dahding up, pointed to him, and theu fat down) spake to the Effect following; viz.

Mr. Hardinge,

Though I am persuaded the Question moved by the Noble Lord will meet with an universal Approbation j and that no Gentleman, who refleCb one Moment on the Importance of this Day's Choice to our future Deliberations, and on the great Fidelity and eminent Ability with which Mr. Onslow hath lo often filled that Chair, but tnuft give his Voice, with the utmod Rcadinels, to the placing him again in it; yet I trull the House will excuse me, if, in Compliance with their Forms, I take this Opportunity of expressing myEdeem and Attachment for that very worthy and relpeliable Person, and my zealous Concurrence in any Pruposition that tends to his Honour.

On former Occasions of this Nature, we all know. Sir, that the ul'ual Variety of Sentiments hath appeared amungd us; but it is peculiar to Mr. , and the

happy Kefult of his Conduit and Character, that, ever flnee that important Trull was confcrredon him, we have all united to continue it in his Hands; and if, from the Opinion of former Parliaments, that of the present may be judged of, we shall now be ready and desirous to give him this Proof ofour Regard and Confidence, with as general an Assent as before. Indeed, what Wonder is it. Sir, that, where Merit and Capacity arc so conspicuous and so beneficial, they should be universally acknowledged; and that a Concern for our own and the publick Service should fugged to us to resort again to that Person, by whom we have experienced, that our Difficulties receive Light and Information, out Privileges Strength and Supported the whole Course of our Proceedings Dignity and Order ? By whom we have condantly seen any unfeafon-able Heats tempered or suppressed with an Authority which nothing but an universal Opinion of his Prudence and Impartiality can give; and who, at the same time, with a humane and instructive Condefcension, is ever willing to encourage the Diffidence, and affid the Attempts, of inexperienced Merit

But, whillt I enlarge on aSubjelt pleating to every one else, I fear the giving Pain to Mr. Onslow himself; and (hallonly add, that his Family, his Connections, his wile and honourable Behaviour in publick Life, mud recommend him in the most advantageous Manner to a Iloule of Commons condituted as this is, who would not sufficiently do Justice to their Principles and good Intentions, by placing any other at their Head, as long as he has a Seat amongd them.

I should, perhaps, not he surprised, though it would give me infinite Concern, if the Honourable Member him-lelf should express an Unwillingness to accept a laborious and fatiguing Employment, to which he has for a long Course of Years devoted his Time and his Abilities; but I flatter myself, that his disinterested Loyalty and Affection to his Majedv and his Country, and the condant ;.nd zealous Regard he has ever shewn to the Service and Scnfe of this House, will overcome any Reluctance that may arise in his own Bread r Very fore I am, that, in lb full a Meeting, there can be no Negative but Mr. On-flow's to this Motion, which I most heartily second.

Then the Right Honourable Henry Lord Viscount Cornbury, Son and Heir apparent of the Right Honour-.. able Henry Earl of Clarendon and One of the

BurgefleS for the University of Oxon, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk (who, danding up, pointed to him, and then fat down) spake to the following Effect;

Vol. as.

V7

From the particular as well as the publick Regard which I owe to that Gentleman who is now called upon to preside in this Assembly, from the Value which I know him to be of in private as well as in publick Life, I should b? very unwilling to give my Consent to this Motion, which has been so well introduced, if I krew any other Person equal to succeed him in taking up this Burthen of State, which he has certainly, for his own Sake, already fudained too long: And it is this Opinion being general which has induced the general Voice, I may lay of the Nation, to invite him to resume that laborious Office, from which they cannot premise themselvesin any degree an equal Benefit, if administered by any other Person. From him they expelt (what they have already experienced) that disintereded and dispassionate Independence,‘that Vigilance, and Order, and Impartiality, that Ability and Authority, that Exaltness and Dispatch, which may give Spirit, and Dignity, and Weight, to the Proceedings of Parliament, and Security to private Property, to the Privileges of this House, and to the Forms and Maxims of the Conditution. To the publick Desire and Benefit, he will, I am persuaded,'always be inclined to give up all other Consideratjons; and I make no Doubt that this House will think it a Duty to themselves, and to the Publick, to make this burthen as light as the Nature of it will allow it to be, to one who has lo reasonable an Excuse for declining it, and to whom this House and the Publick mud think themselves so much obliged for his accepting it again in this Conjuncture.

The House calling Mr. Onslow to the Cluir;

John Willes Esquire, Burgess for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxon, addressing himself likewise to the Clerk (who, danding up, pointed to him, and then lat down) spake to the following Effect; viz.

I rife up to do myself the Honour of joining in this Motion, which, considering how well it has beenfpoken to already, I should have declined doing; but the very great Regard and Reverence I have for the Honourable Gentleman who has been proposed, will not differ me to be silent.

I am very glad to find, that all Persons are agreed to make choice of a Speaker, for this Parliament, who has already executed that Office so much to his own Honour, and the Satisfaction of the Nation; and there cannot be a more convincing Proof of his extraordinary Abilities, than that there seems to be no other Competition among us, but who shall be most forward to recommend him.

'Tis certainly a very great Pleasure to a generous Mind to meet with univerlal Applause and Approbation; but how solid a Satisfaction mud it be to that Honourable Gentleman, to be conscious to himself, that he has deserved it? That'tis not That Praise which mean-spirited Men sometimes give to Power, but That Reward which good Men always pay to Merit? That 'tis a Tribute judly due to that Candour and Impartiality which he has shewn to all Persons upon all Occasions

It would be necdlels for me to mention the great Talents necessary for this high Office, and how well the Hor nourable Gentleman is qualified for it: Of this, the greated Part of this House have been Witnesses, no Gentleman in the Nation can possibly be ignorant.

The great Difficulty in this'Question is not, Whether Mr. Onslow shall be chosen Speaker? bnt. Whether he will do this House the Honour to accept of it ? He has spent many Years, undergone great Fatigues, already it) the Service of the Publick; and might very well be allowed to take Advantage of that Excuse which even a Roman Writer thought l'ufficient: " The former Part of " ourLives we ought to give to our Country, the latter " to ourselves." Notwithstanding this, 1 hope the Honourable Gentleman will forgive me, if I edeem his own Ease and Happiness, as he himself has always done, of small Value, when compared to the general Good, and join with the united Voice of this House in giving my Vote for Mr. Onslow.

The House again calling Mr. Onflozv to the Chair; hs dood up in his Place; and said,

5O M

Mr. Shaker approved of fcv tht K>n«;.

18 i o° — i 2° No; - 174

Mr. Hardiiige,' lam in the Fnd place to return my very humble Thanks to the Noble Lord and the Honourable Person on the other Side of the House, and to the Noble Lord and the worthy Gentleman on this Side, for the extraordinary Favour they have done me by those kind Characters of Commendation with which they have been pleased to mention me to the House. Many, very many, Things they have said, I dare not presume to lay claim to: They are the Effects of that Friendship wh cli the noble Lords and the worthy Gentlemen have honoured me with; and a greater Honour no Man can receive: They have concluded. Sir, with moving the House to place mfe again in a Station here, which it may be I possessed too long before; and nobody can be more sensible £>f that than I am: But, however, Sir, painful as that Situation is at any time, and worn perhaps as I am by the Labours of it; yet since Gentlemen feern inclined to try once more my poor Abilities in that Service; and, after what has passed, I do not think it decent in me to dispute their Commands; and shall therefore with all Humility, as I am sure I ought, relign my (elf to the Judgment of the House, who have a Right to dispose of me here in whatever Manner they shall think proper.

The House again calling Mr. Onslow to the Chair, he was taken out of his Place by the Lord Marquis of Harrington and Mr. Yorke, who led him from thence to the Chair; where, upon the FirstStep, he said,

It is my Duty to let Gentlemen know'. That, before I go any further, they have it in their Power to call me back to the Seat from whence I came, and tochufe some other Person to fill this:

But the Members cried. No, No:

Whereupon Mr. Onslow ascended the upper Step of the Chair; and, (landing the re, said.

Since Gentlemen have been pleased to command me to this Place, I have now only to return my humbled Thanks to the House for this Repetition of their Goodwill and great Favour to me.

And thereupon he lat down in the Chair; and then the Mace, which before lay under the Table, was laid upon the Table.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer (his Majesty having appointed Thursday next, at Two of the Clock, for the Presentment of their Speaker to his Majesty in the House of Peers, for his Royal Approbation) moved, That the House would adjourn till Thursday next. Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned accordingly till Thursday next. Twelve of the Clock.

Jovis, 12° die NovetnbHs;

Anno at* Georgii IIdI Regis, 1747.

H E House being met; and Mr. Speaker Elect having taken the Chair;

A MefTage was brought from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. Belloiden, Gentleman-Usher of the Black

Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

'she King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker Elect, with the House, went Up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where Mr. Speaker El eft spake to the Effect following; viz. Most gracious Sovereign,

Your Majesty's dutiful Subjects, the Commons of this your Realm, in Parliament assembled, have, in pursuance of your Majesty's Direction, and of their ancient Right, elected One of their Members, to be their Speaker for this Parliament: And their Choice, Sir, having once more fallen upon me for this high and important Trud, they how present me to your Majesty, for your Judgment upon

their Election. Needled will it be in me, Sir, to mention on this Occasion, with regard to myself, what I fear can*-not but be too well known to your Majesty: It therefore bed becomes me with Silence and SubmiflJon to resign myself to your Royal Determination.

Then the L'rd Chancellor, after receiving Directions from his Majesty, said,

Mr. Onslow,

You have appealed to the King's own Experience and Knowlege for the Decision of the weighty Affair now under his Consideration; and it is from thence his Majesty has formed his Judgment.

After having had such dear Demondration of your Abilities, Zeal, and Application in the Service of himself and of your Country in Three successive Parliaments, his Majesty commands me to let you know', That he in-, tirely approves the Choice which his faithful'Commons have made, and allows and confirms you be their Speaker'.

Then Mr. Speaker said.

Since your Majesty has been pleased to confirm the Choice your Commons have made of me to be theif Speaker, it is my Duty, Sir, with all Humility, to conform myself to their Appointment, and your Royal Approbation of it, begging your Majesty's favourable Acceptance of my humbled Acknowdegements for this fresh Indance of your Majesty s Grace towards myself: and that your Majesty will vouchsafe to pardon my Failings and Infirmities, at lead not to impute them in any-wile to your faithful Commons. And that your Commons in Parliament, Sir, may be the better enabled to discharge their Duty to your Majesty and their Country, I do, in their Name, and on their behalf, by humble Petition to your Majesty, lay Claim to all their ancient Rights and Privileges, particularly that they, their Servants, and Estates, may be free from Arreds, and all other Molestation; that they may enjoy Freedom of Speech in their Debates, ard have Liberty of Access to your Royal Person when Occasion shall require it; and that all their Proceedings may receive from your Majesty the most favourable Interpretation.

Then the Lord Chancellor, after receiving further Directions from his Majesty, said,

Mr. Speaker,

The King has the utmod Confidence in the Duty and Affection of this House of Commons to his Person and Government, and a high Opinion of that Prudence and Temper which they will ule in all their Proceedings; and his Majesty does most readily grant and allow to them all their Privileges in as full and ample Manner as they have at any time heretofore been granted or allowed by his Majesty, or any of his Royal Predecessors.

There is one Suit, Sir, which you have 'made on your own Behalf: His Majesty has received the sured Pledge, that no Person in your Station ever dood less in need of it than yourself; but that you may want no Support in sustaining the Burthen of that important Trud which is repefed in you, his Majesty has directed me to assure you. That he will put the most "favourable Condruftion both on your Words and Actions.

The House being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to approve the Choice they had made of him to be their Speaker; and to grant and allow to them, upon Petition of Claim made by him to his Majesty in the Name and on the Behalf of the House of Commons for that Purpose, all their ancient Rights and Privileges, in as ample and beneficial a Manner as ever they were enjoyed by any of their Predecessors; particularly, that themselves, their Servants, and Estates, should be free from Arreds, and all other Moledation;' that they should enjoy Freedom of Speech in their Debates, and have Li* berty of Access. to his Royal Person when Occasion should require it.

And then Mr. Speaker said, '

And

Mr. Speaker ukeb Oaths.

Memben take Oath*.

Members takf Oaths.

'i i Geo. 11. 12° — 13° — 140 — 1Novembris. 4 r 9

And now I must beg Gentlemen to give me Leave once more to return my humble Thanks to the House; lor this great Honour they have again conferred upon me; and to allure Gentlemen of my Continuance of that Fidelity in their Service, which I am persuaded they believed I had ever practised before, or they would not have promoted me again to this important Trust. I can truly fav. That your Approbation of tny Service is with me the bell Reward I can have for it: Let me add this humble Request to it, that Gentlemen will be pleased to afford me those Allowances of Candour and Tenderness, which arc l'ometimes due to an old and faithful Servant, even in his Failings. After having said this for myl'clf, I am bound to exhort Gentlemen for their own Sakes, as well as for that of the Publick, to keep ftrtdfly to the Rules and Orders of the House, so wifely adapted by our Ancestors to the carrying on of Buftnefswith all necessary Deliberation, and yet with proper Dispatch; to prevent personal Altercations, and all other Indecorum, to which large Assemblies arc but too liable; and to preserve, in general, that Gravity and Dignity in our Proceedings and Deport ment here, which so much becomethe great Council of a Nation, and the high Office of Legislature: And that all this may be the better done, 1 am obliged also not only to recommend, but carncftly to cal I upon Gentlemen to rclblve to meet early in a Morning for the Bufi-nd's of the House: Tue Neglect of that must produce an Evil which will much affl-ft the Credit of our Proceedings, I mean an Over-haste in some Things, and too great Delay in others: If that has happened of late, I doubt not but Gentlemen will think it their Duty to reform this bad Praff ice; and the rather, because it may be leen in those printed Journals which are now in the Hands of many, and which, I hope, for various Re^fons, will be often and well perused, how very different the Attendance and Diligence of their Ancestors were here: They thought they were sent hither to do and to dispatch, as soon as they could, the great Business of their Country in Parliament; and that (to mention an Expression elsewhere used) the Top of an English Gentleman's Ambition was to become'an able Parliament-man, and to return to his Country with the Figure and Reputation which will always attend that useful and eminent Character.

After which Mr. Speaker put the House in Mind, That the Firrt thing to be done was to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, by Law required.

And thereupon Mr. Speaker, tirll alone, standing upon the upper Step of the Chair, took the said Oaths, and made and subsenbed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration.

And, after him, several other Members took the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration, and took and subscribed the said Oath of Abjuration.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 130 die Novembris', Anno at* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

SEVERAL other Memberspresent took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and liiblcribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purpos.s.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

Sabbat iy 140 die Novembris;

Anno a i* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

SE V E R A L other Members present took the Oaths, Members and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took ttke Oatl‘*-and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luntgy 16" die Novembris;

Anno 21* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1747.

Pra y ers.

C EVEItAL other Members present took the Oaths, Members O and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took take Oath* and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws nude for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time. Outlawries.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Grand

Committees*

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections' Committee be appointed of Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm. Corbet, Mr. oft>rjriieJiefc Edgecumbe, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sydenham, Dr. Lee, Mr.

Henry Archer, Mr. Wortley, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Villi ers, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. HaMr. Fellowes, Lord Coke, Sir Peter iVarren, Mr. Earle, Lord Barrington, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Legge, Mr. Mr.

Townshend, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Mr.

Nor they, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Nugent, Mr,

Wilkinson, Lord Trent ham, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Fame,

Mr. Compton, Lord Charles Douglas, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Robin/on, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Leve/on Gower, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Harrison,

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Offley, Lord Dalkeith, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Neale, Mr. Thornton, Lord Robert Manners, Sir John Barrington, Admiral Vernon, Colonel IValdegrave, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Polhill, Mr. Banket, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lambe, Sir

John HyndeCotton, Lord Peterjkam, Mr. Proby, Mr. '

Poore, Sir John Cufi, Mr. tVigley, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr.

Chaffin, Mr Bance, Sir Rickard Lloyd, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hay, Mr. Owen, Mr. Browne, Mr. Hooper,

Sir Duncan Campbell, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

Bitller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Glanville, Lord Burghley, Mr. Gore, Mr. Obrien, Sir Edmund Isham,

Mr. Talbot, Sir Danvers Osborne, Sir Frauds,

Mr. Warburton, Mr. Romney, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Bond

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gray, Sir Richard Warwick fylde, Mr. Greville, Mr. Richard Leveson Gower, Mr Harris, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Vaughan: And they are to meet upon this Day Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices j And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as thall or may coma in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges;

and

4^0 i 6° NovembrJ, 1747.

and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions there- and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and

upon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons open; and that no Obstructions be made by Cars, Drays, that will question any Returns, are to do it w ithin Fourteen Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to attending this House do give Notice of this Order to have Power to fend for.Persons, Papers, and Records, for the Officers aforesaid.

their Information: And all Members who are returned for That the Constables in Waiting do take care

Twoor more Places, are to make their Election by thisDay that there be no Gaming, or other Dil'orders, in West-Three Weeks for which of the Places they will lerve, pro- , or the Passages leading to the House, during

vided there be no Question upon the Return for that the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoy-Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching ance by Chairmen, Footmen, or other-wil'e, therein, or the Return, Elettion, or Matter of Privilege, of any Mem- t hereabouts.

ber, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Debate: And that all Members returned upon double Bailiff of lfrejimin$er-,a.n(l that he do lee the same put Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined. in Execution.

UTual Orders. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Ordered, That no Footmen be permitted to be within

to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to lerve $he Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading in Parliament. thereto.

That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Peti- House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other tion touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, Disorder^, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, at-the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Per- tending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ion petitioned against. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody, but by this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery, or any the Special Order of the House. other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the uttpost Severity against such Person. Ordered, Tha^, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of

Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath apppjnted to bring Letters from the General Post-Office been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evi- to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by denCe to be given to this House, or'any Committee the Poftpiafter-General, dp, for the future, every Day, thereof; or, directly or ihdirectly, hath endeavoured to during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, coo-deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving lUptly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and till One i0 the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the least Misdemeanor; and this House will proceed with the ut- immediately after the Rising of the House; and also on most Severity against such Offender. pvery , and Monday, from Five of the

? Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath for thp Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, given false Evidence in any same before this House, or during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their the utmost Severity against such Offender. kpow Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes

under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame. Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Li- That the said Officer do, upon his going

berties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Brilai away, lock up such Letters as (Hall remain undelivered; for anV Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of and ,that, no Letter be delivered but within the Hours any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of aforesaid.

Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament. ' Ordered, That the said Orders be sent tQ the Post-

# matter-General.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed 8tranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed to this Hpufe,. shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open of to be, in the House or Gallery, whilfe the House, or the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated no Person, so taken info Custody, be discharged out of to this House.

Custody, without the Special Order of the House.

! Ordered, That, the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Cham- House do, from time to time, when the House is going ber be locked up every Morning,' at the Sitting of the to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the such Notice, be declared to be null and void, same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the

House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, House do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do ap-Day, before the Door is locked up. point the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such

as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Resolved, That this House will receive no Petition for Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting. private Bills after the Seventeenth Day of February next.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers of Resolved, That in all Cases of controverted F.ledlions Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven for Counties in and Wales, to be heard at the

of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by aa their

The K»n^fi Speech reported.

2i Geo. II. i

their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Object ion; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by thcnil'elves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Mr. Speaker rep irted to the House, That, when the House did attend his Majesty upon last in the

House of Peers, his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both lloufesof Parliament j of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent M iftakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House) and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

As One of my principal Views in calling this Parliament was, that 1 might receive the most clear and certain Information of the Scnfc of my People on the present Pollute of Affairs, 1 was desirous to meet you as early as your own Convenience, as well as that of the Publick, would admit.

By the Advice of my Parliament I entered into the War against Spain, in order to vindicate and secure the

Trade and Commerce of my Subjects: By their Advice also, and in Conformity to my Engagements, 1 undertook the Support of the Kmprels Queen of , and

of the just Eights of the House of In Resent-

ment for this Conduct, so necessary for the Interests of my own Kingdoms, and of the ancient Allies of my Crown, France not only declared War against Me, but fomented and supported an unnatural Rebellion within this Kingdom. *ln carrying on this just and necessary War, I have found the most chearful and vigorous Support from my Parliament: And though the Success has not been answerable to our Wilhcs and just Expectations in the Low Countries, yet it must be allowed, to the Honour of this Nation, that no Part of the Misfortunes can be imputed to us.

The (ignal Successes which it has pleased God to grant us at Sea, have made the Enemy feel the Weight of our' naval Strength, to their great Loss, and the real and solid Advantage of this Nation: This has appeared most remarkably in the Operations of my Fleet this last Year, which have tended no less to the Honour of the Flag, than to the Reduction of the maritime Force and Commerce of France. The Government of the United Provinces has once more resumed that Conliftency which will give great Strength to the common Cause, cement more firmly the Friendship between this Kingdom and that Republick, and be a lading Security to our inseperable Interests. One great Effect of this happy Alteration' in Holland has already appeared, in the vigorous Declaration lately made by the States General to the Court of France, and the Orders given by them for committing Hostilities every where against the French King and his Subjects.

Some Overtures for a general Pacification have lately been made to me on the Part of France; and though iome of the 1'erms proposed were such as could not be approved, yet as I have had no other Aim, but to bring about a safe and honourable Peace, I have shewn the utmost Inclination to facilitate it, in Conjunction with- my Allies , and a Congress is actually agreed to be held at Aix./a Chape lie, whither the several Ministers will soon repair: I hope all the Powers concerned will bring with them the same Dispositions to effectuate this great Work, on just and reasonable Conditions, which 1 sincerely have.

In this Situation I am confident you will agree in Opinion with me, that it is necessary to be vigilant and attentive to every Event} and that there can be no Reason

YOX. 2£.

421

to expect a good Peace, but by being timely prepared to carry on a vigorous and effectual War. I therefore rely on your hearty and powerful Support, to enable me to ptefecute the War, in case the Obstinacy of our Enemies, in not agreeing to just and reasonable Terms of Accommodation, should render it unavoidable. For this Purpose I am now actually concerting the necessary Measures with my Allies, whose Interests I am determined to adhere to and support. Let us be in Readiness, in case the Negotiations should fail of the desired Effect, to convince our Enemies how much they are mistaken, if they vainly imagine, that Great Britain and her Allies, will submit to receive the Law from any Power whatsoever; and demonstrate to the World, that we will decline no Difficulty or Hazard for the Preservation of the common Liberty, and our own Independency, and essential Interests.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Necessity of adequate Supplies appears from what has been already mentioned. The proper Kftimates for the Services of the ensuing Year shall be laid before you,) and I desire you to grant me such Supplies, as your own Security and lifting Welfare, and the present critical and important Situation of Affairs, require. You may depend on their being applied only to the Purposes for which they shall be given; and if, by the falling out of Events, any Saving can be made, it shall be duly accounted for.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

If any farther Provisions shall be found expedient to render more effectual the good Laws lately made for the Security of the present Establishment, extinguishing the Spirit of Rebellion, and for the better civilizing, improving, and reducing into Order, any Part of the united Kingdom, I depend on your known Affection to me, and to your Country, seriously and early to set about to good a Work. I will only add. That there never was a Conjuncture in which Unanimity, Firmness, and Dispatch, were snore necessary for the Safety, Honour, and true Interest of Great Britain,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House, for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to congratulate his Majesty on the signal Success of his Arms at Sea, which not only redounds so much to the Honour of the British Nation, but, by reducing the maritime Force of France, mani-fcllly tends to the Security of his Majesty's Government, and the Prosperity and Trade of these Kingdoms; to express our Satisfaction upon the happy Settlement of the Government of the United Provinces, in which a Prince, so nearly allied to his Majesty, has so great a Share; not doubting but the good Effects of that Settlement will be a thorough Union of Counsels between his Majesty and the Republick, especially as the vigorous Declaration, lately made by the States General to the Court of France, gives us the strongest Presumption, that in all Measures, whether of Peace or War, which shall be deemed for the Honour, Interest, and Security of these Kingdoms and that Republick, they will co-operate zealously and firmly with us; to express our Sense of his Majesty's paternal Care for the Good of his Subjects, in the sincere Disposition he has shewn for a general Pacification, by hearkening to the Overtures, lately made for that Purpose, and endeavouring, on his Part, to bring about a speedy, safe, and honourable Condufion, to this burthensome andex-pensive, though just and necessary, War: But if, contrary to our Withes and Expectations, the Enemies of Great Britain, by insisting on unreasonable and inadmissible Terms, make the Continuance of the War unavoidable, to assure his Majesty, that we will support him to the utmost: And, in order to convince our Enemies of this our stedfast Resolution, we will immediately ' grant such Supplies, as may, in Conjunction with his Allies, enable his Majesty to carry bn the War with Vigour, maintain the Honour and Dignity of the Cfown of Great

P Britain,

Address on the Kin*;'* Speech*

Address on the King's Speech*

42^ 160 — 170

Britain, and support the ftiutOal tntcrefts of his Majesty and his Allies; and to adore his Majesty, that we shall be ready to contribute our Assistance towards perfecting and making more effectual such future Provisions, as may tend to secure the interior Peace of these Kingdoms, and establish his Majesty's Throne upon the most firm and lading Foundations.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Add rets to be presented to his Majesty, upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. I-eygt, Mr. Edgecumbe, Lord Coke, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hales, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Gore, Mr. John Gore, Mr. IVhichcot, Mr. , Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Montagu, Sir John

Turner, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Sir Charles fVyndham, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Frederick, Colonel Conway, Mr. Obrien, Mr. West, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Howard, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr. or

any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die \

Anno 21* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. reported from the Committee, appointed

Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk'sTable: Where the same was read; and is as fbiloweth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

With Hearts full of the Cheered Joy wc congratulate your Majesty on the great and important Succelfes which it has pleased Almighty God to bellow on your Majesty's Arms at Sea, and which not only redound highly to the Honour of the British Nation, but, by reducing the maritime Force of France, manifestly tend to the Security of your Majesty's Government, and the Prolperity and Trade of these Kingdoms.

We beg Leave to express to your Majesty the great and just Satisfaction we have received from the happy Settlement of the Government of the United Provinces, in which a Pr ince, so nearly allied to your Majesty, has so great a Share; nor can we doubt, but that the good Effed resulting from that Settlement will be a thorough Union of Counsels between your Majesty and the Repub-lick; more especially as the vigorous Declaration, lately made by the States General to the Court of France, gives us the strongest Prelu nipt ion, that in all Measures, whether of Peace or War, which Hull be deemed for the Honour, interest, and Security of these Kingdoms, and that Uepub-lick, they will co-operate zealously and firmly with us.

With the deepest Sense of Gratitude we acknowlege your Majesty's paternal Care for the Welfare of your Sub-jeds, in the sincere Diposition your Majesty has shewn lor a general Pacification, by hearkening to the Overtures lately made for that Purpose, and endeavouring, on your Majesty's Part, to bring about a speedy, safe, and honourable Condition, to this burthensome and expen-five, though just and necessary, War.

Bm if, contrary to our Willies and Expeditions, the Enemies of Great Britain, by inlisting on unreasonable 29

Novembris. H 1747.

and inadmissible Terms, make (he Continuance of the War unavoidable, we beg Leave to give your Majesty our most determined Assurances, that we will support your Majesty to the utmost: And, in order to convince our Enemies of this our stedfast Resolution, wc will immediately grant such Supplies as may, in Conjunction with your Majesty's Allies, enable your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, maintain the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, and support the mutual interest of your Majesty and your Allies.

At the same time permit us to allure your Majesty, that we shall be ready to contribute our Assistance towards perfeding and rendering more effectual those Provisions which have been already made fer securing the interior Peace of these Kingdoms, and establishing your Majesty's Throne upon the most firm and lading Foundations.

The said Address being read a Second time

The following Amendments were proposed to be made thereto; viz.

To leave out the Words " beg Leave to cxprcls to," and insert the Words " heartily congratulate," instead thereof; to insert after the Word Majesty," and before the Words " the great," the Word on to leave out the Words " great and just Satisfaction we have " received from the happy Settlement of," and insert the Words Success of your Endeavours in hat ing once " more brought," instead thereof; to leave out the Words " in which a Prince, (b nearly allied to your Majesty has so," and insert the Words " to relume that " Consistency that will give," instead thereof; t > Lave out the Words " a Share, nor can we doubt but that," and insert the Words " Strength to," instead thereof; to leave out the Words " good Effect resulting from that Settlement will be a thorough Union of Counsels," and insert the Words " common Cause, which has in lb " many Instances been the Sacrifice for Want of it, and " which, if steadily persevered in, cannot fail to cement more firmly the Friendship," instead thereof; to leave out after " between," the Words " your Majesty," and insert the Words " this Kingdom," instead thereof; to leave out after " and, " and before " liepublick," the Word "the," and insert "that," instead thereof; to leave out the Words " more especially as," and insert the Words " that are so efiendaily necessary to," instead thereof; to leave out the Words " vigorous Declaration, " lately made by," and insert the Words " Preservatio.n " of both: And we rely on your Majesty's Prudence and Zeal for," instead thereof; to leave out the Words " States General to the Court of , gives us the

" strongest Presumption, that in all Measure?, w hether of " Peace or," and insert the Words, " common Cause. " for engaging them to act as Principals in a," instead thereof; to leave out the Words " which shall be deemed," and insert the Words " that has now,' instead thereof; to leave out the Words " the Honour, interest " and Security," and insert the Word " One," instead thereof; and to leave out the Words " these Kingdoms, " and that Republick, they will co-operate zealously and firmly with us," and insert instead thereof these Words <( its principal Views the immediate Defence of their own " Country."

And the Question being put. That the Words " beg Leave to express to," (land Part of the said Address i

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Another Amendment was proposed to b^ made to the said Address, by leaving out the Word " us," at the End of the Third Paragraph, and inserting the Words your Majesty," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Word ,f us," stand Part of the said Address;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " yotir Majesty," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, thus amended: And the same is as fbiloweth; viz,

Most

The Kgng'n Speech to be confwkred.

Ifilbome-

Port

ledlon.

f2i Geo. II. i 70 Novembris. 423

Most Gracious Sovereign,

Wc, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne.

With Hearts full of the sincerest Joy we congratulate your Majesty on the great and important Successes which it has pleated Almighty God to bellow on your Majesty's Arms at Sea, and which not only redound highly to the Honour of the British Nation, bur, by reducing the maritime Force of France, manifestly tend to the Security of your Majesty's Government, and the Prosperity and Trade of tiicle Kingdoms.

We beg Leave to express to your Majesty the great and just Satisfaction we have received from the happy Settlement of the Government of the United,

in which a Prince, lb nearly allied to your Majesty, has lo great a Share; nor can we doubr, but that the good Eflfeft refulring from that Settlement will be a thorough Union of Counsels between your Majesty and the Rcpub-lick; more especially as the vigorous Declaration, lately made by the States General to {he Court of ,gives us the Itrongeft Presumption, that in all Measures, whether of Peace or War, which shall be deemed for the Honour, Interest, and Security of these Kingdoms, and that Republick, they will co-operate zealously and firmly with your Majesty.

With the deeped Sense of Graritude we acknowledge your Majesty's paternal Cire for the Welfare of your Subjects, in the sincere Disposition your Majesty has shewn for a general Pacification, by hearkening to the Overtures lately made for that Purpose, and endeavouring, on your Majesty's Part, to bring about a speedy, fife, and honourable Conclusion, to this burthensome and expendve, though just and necessary, War.

But if, contrary to our Wilhes and Expectations, the Enemies of Great Britain, by infilling on unreasonable and inadmiftible Terms, make the Continuance of the War unavoidable, we beg Leave to give your Majesty our moll determined Assurances, that we will support your Majesty to the utmost: And, in order to convince our Enemies of this our fledfall Resolution, we will immediately grant such Supplies as may, in Conjunction with your Majesty's Allies, enable your Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, maintain the Honour and Dig-jiity of the Crown of Great Britain, and support the mutual Interest of your Majesty and your Allies.

At the same time permit us to assure your Majesty, that we shall be ready to contribute our Affillance towards perfeding and rendering more effectual those Provisions which have been already made for securing the interior Peace of thele Kingdoms, and establishing your Majesty's Throne upon the moll firm and lasting Foundations.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of Jiis Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

A Petition of Arthur Anfty the younger, late Deputy-Bailiff of the Borough of Milbo in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; let-ring forth, That there are Nine capital Bailiwicks within the said Borough; and that, by ancient and immemorial Usage, Two of the capital Bailiffs of the said Bailiwicks ought, in each Year, according to a certain and known Rotation, as often as it comes to their Turn, at the Court -I eet held in the said Borough, at Michaelmas in every Year, severally to nominate and appoint a Deputy, to execute the said Office for them respectively, for the Year ensuing; which Deputy-Bailiffs, or One of them (in case Voi. *$.

there be but One appointed for that Year, or upon the Death or in the Absence of the other) is or are the Returning Officer or Officers of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, for the Time being; and that no other Person or Persons, except such Deputy or Deputies so nominated, have, according to the Usage and Custom of the said Borough, any Right to preside at the Election, or make a Return of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the said Borough: That the Petitioner was, at the Court-Leet held at Michaelmas 1746, appointed by One of the capital Bailiffs, whose Turn it was to nominate for the Year ensuing, to be his Deputy, and was accordingly, at the said Court-Leet, duly l'worn into the said Office, and had the Ensigns of his Office delivered to him; and that no other Deputy-Bailiff was, by any of the said capital Bailiffs, nominated or appointed for the said Year, besides the Petitioner: That an Election for Burgesses to lerve in this present Parliament for the said Borough was held on the 29th Day of June lad; and that, notwithstanding the Petitioner was the only legal Returning Officer at the said Election, one William Bishop senior, under a Pretence of his being One of the capital Bailiffs for that Year, contrary to the established Usage of the said Borough, took upon himself to act as Returning Officer at the said Election, and procured the Precept for making such Election from Thomas Coles Esquire, High-Sheriff of the said County, to be delivered him by Richard Ring the Under-Sheriff; and that the said Wm. Bishop absolutely refused to deliver such Precept to the Petitioner, notwithstanding the Petitioner often demanded the lame; and that the said William Bishop proceeded to act as Returning Officer at the said Election, and impowered some Persons to take a Poll there, and hath made a Return to the said Thomas Coles, High-Sheriff of the said County, of Michael Harvey and Jeffery French Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament, as Burgesses for the said Borough, although the said William Bishop had no Right or Authority to act in the said Election; That the Petitioner, who legally presided at the said Election, caused a Poll to be taken at the lame, of all the legal Voters of the said Borough, and returned lycott and Charles Churchill Esquires, who were duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Burgesses for the said Borough; but that the said Sheriff has annexed to his Writ the said Return made by the said William Bishop, of Michael Harvey and Jeffery French Esquires, as well as the Petitioner's Return of Thomas Medlycott and Charles Churchill Esquires; and alleging that the Return of the said William Bishop, is in Prejudice of the Petitioner's undoubted Right: And therefore praying the House, to take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the Merits of the said Return be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the First Day of December next.

A Petition of Michael Harvey Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, together with Jeffery French Esquire, Thomas Medlycott Esquire, and Charles Churchill Esquire, flood as Candidates at the late Election for Burgesses to fervp in Parliament for the Borough of Milborne-Port in the County of Somerset; and alleging. That William Bishop and the said Thomas Medlycott, were then the prefixing capital Bailiffs for the said Borough, and, as such, were the proper returning Officer to whom the Precept was-and ought to be directed; and that consequently the said Thomas Medlycott was totally disabled from Handing as a Candidate for the said Borough, or of being elected or returned to serve in Parliament for the fame, accordr ing to a Handing Order of this House: And further setting forth, That the said Thomas Medlycott, in order to elude the said Order, pretends to have deputed or appointed Arthur Anjly, a common Day-Labourer, to ail as his Deputy or Sub-Bailiff in the said Borough; who, as such, took upon him at the late Election to preside

Milbome*

Port

Ele&iob.

424 ll Novembris. 1747.

as Returning Officer, and to take a Poll, fepafate from that which was taken by the said William though

from the Constitution of the said Borough it is notorious, that no Deputy or Sub-Bailiff can aft otherwise, than by and under the Direction of his Capital: That the said Election came on on Monday the 29th Day of June last, at which the said William Bishop acted as presiding capital Bailiff; and upon closing the Poll it appeared, that the Petitioner had a great Majority of legal Votes against the said Mr. Medlycottand Mr.; and that there-

upon, and it appearing that the said Mr. French had also a very great Majority of legal Votes, the said William Bishop did execute an Indenture, by which he returned the Petitioner and the faicf Mr. French as duly elected to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and annexed the Precept of the High-Sheriff thereto: That on nejday the First Day of , the said William Bishop attended the said High-Sheriff with his said Return, who accepted the fame, and executed a Counter-part thereof; and that, in about a Week afterwards, the said Sheriff was prevailed upon to accept of another Indenture of Return from the said Arthur Anjly, whereby he hath returned the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Chur chilly to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, although neither of them was duly eletted; and that the said Indenture is mentioned to be made between the capital Bailiffs and their Deputies, the Commonalty Stewards, and the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, of the One Part, and the said Sheriff of the other Part; and concludes, that the said capital Bailiffs and their Deputies, the Commonalty Stewards, and the said Inhabitants of the said Borough, had set their Hands and affixed their common Seal thereto; whereas the Truth is. That no presiding capital Bailiff, nor any Commonalty Steward, executed the fame; nor is the Seal, thereto affixed, the common Seal of the said Borough, ae hath been customary in such Cases; nor does the said Arthur Anjly subscribe himself Bailiff or Sub-Bailiff, as hath been usual: That the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Churchill, and their Agents, by very illegal and unwarrantable Practices, procured many Persons to vote for them, who would have otherwise voted for the Petitioner and the said Mr. Frenchy and that by means of the said pretended Return, and by other illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable Practices, made use of by, for, and in favour of, the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Churchill, they the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr.

Churchill, are unduly returned as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice of the Petitioner and the said Mr.

French, and in open Violation of the Rights of the said Borough: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the said Premises into Confederation; and to give the Petitioner such Relief, with regard to the said Return, as also on the Merits of the said Election, as shall seem just.

Ordered, That there be no Proceedings upon the Merits of the Election for the said Borough, until the House hath considered the Merits of the said Return.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this t House upon Tuesday the First Day of December next, with the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in tire County

uf Somtrjet.

Droyrwich APetition of FYancis Esquire was presented

Ekfyoa. ^0 the House, and read; letting forth, That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Bo-rpugh of Wich, otherwise , in the County of

Worcester, the Honourable Edwin Esquire, the Honourable Samuel Masham Esquire, 'Thomas Foley theyounger,

Esquire, and the Petitioner, were the Candidates; and that the Petitioner, and the said Edwin , had each a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, of the said Samuel ‘Masham, and also of the said Thomas Foley the younger; notwithstanding which, Thomas Foley Esquire (Father of the said Thomas Foley the younger) and Richard French Gentleman, the then Bailiffs and returning Officers of and for the said Borough, partially and arbitrarily admitted

many Persons to vote foi* the said Samuel Masham and the said Thomas Foley the younger, who had not any Right to poll at such Election; and rejected the Votes of other Persons, rightfully and legally infilled, and who then offered to vote for the Petitioner and the said Sandys \ and that they the said Samuel Masham, and the said Thomas Foley the younger, and the Petitioner, are

returned as having an equal Number of Votes at tl:e fetid Election; whereas the Petitioner, together with the fetid Edwin Sandys, ought only to have been returned Bu'-gestes to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Confederation; and to give such Relief therein, as they shall see meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and repo.t the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the fe.id Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition and Double Return, upon Wednesday the Ninth Day of December next.

A Petition of the Honourable Edwin Sandys Esquire Drovtwiefc was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of With, otherwise in the County of Worcester, the Honourable Samuel Esquire, Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire, Francis Winnington Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates; and that the said Francis Winnington and the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, and they only ought to have been returned to represent the said Borough in this Parliament; but that Thomas Foley Esquire (Father of the said Thomas Foley the younger) and Richard French Gentleman, the then Bailiffs and Returning Officers for the said Borough, in an arbitrary and illegal Manner admitted many Persons to vote for the said Samuel Masham and the said Thomas Foley the younger, who had no Right to vote at the said Election, and rejected others rightfully and legally infilled, and who offered to voce for the said Francis Winnington and

c

the Petitioner; and that they the said Thomas Foley and Richard French, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, have returned the said Samuel Masham, the said Thomas Foley the younger, and the said Francis Winnington, as having an equal Number of Votes at the said Election, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned with the said Francis Winnington only: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioner's same into Confederation; and to give him such Relict therein, as they shall see meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges ayd Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of this Petition, at the same Time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of Francis Winnington Esquire, and of the said Double Return for the said Borough.

A Petition of Lafcells Metcalje Esquire, and William Gr-ntBedwi* Sloper Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, and the Petitioners,

(food Candidates: That James Ftild, the Portreeve, and the then Returning Officer of and for the said Borough-, being gained into the Interest of the said Sir Edward 7 saner und the said Mr, Scott, partially and arbitrarily'admitted many Persons to vote at the said Elettion for the said.

Sir Edward Turner and Mr. Scott, who had no Right to vote at such Election; and rejetted the Votes of other Persons, rightfully and legally intitled to vote, and who

then

n Geo. II. 170 Novembris.

425

Wirehim Elect too.

then offered to vote for the Petitioners; and that the said Sir Edward Turner, the said Mr. Scott, and the said Returning Officer, or the Agents, or others, on the Behalf of the f;:id Sir Edward Turner and Mr. were, in

the Course of the said Election, and of the Poll taken at such Election, and at the Time of doling the said Poll, and after the said Poll was closed, guilty of divers corrupt and illegal Practices: That the said James Feild hath made a Double Return; and that, by One of such Returns, the said Sir Edward Turner and Mr. Scott are ^turned to be Burgesses of the said Borough, and by the otherot the said Returns the Petitioners are returned Burgesses of the said Borough; and that the Petitioners had, at the Time of the said Election, each a Majority of legal Votes of the said Sir Edward , and also of the said Mr. Scott , and consequently that the Petitioners ought only to have been returned Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Belief therein, as the House shall fee meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition and Double Return be heard at the Bar of this House upon Thursday the Third Day of December next.

A Petition of John Pitt Esquire, and Robert Banks Hodgkinson Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners flood Candidates at the last Election for Members to serve in Parliament lor the Borough of Wareham, in the County of and

that Henry Drax Esquire, and Thomas Erie Drax Esquire,

also flood Candidates at the same Eiedion: That at the Beginning of the Poll taken at the said Eiedion, Henry Harbin, Mayor of the said Borough, and Returning Officer at the said Election, suffered and encouraged a great Number of Persons, armed with Staves and other offen-five Weapons, to take Possession of all the Avenues to the Town-hall, where the Poll was taken, and to exclude by Force those who came to vote for the Petitioners; and that the said Mayor, encouraged by the said Henry Drax 'and Thomas Erie Drax, who promised to indemnify him in all his Proceedings, behaved, during the whole Poll, in the most unjust, arbitrary, and partial Manner, and in Violation of the ancient Constitution of the said Borough, admitted many Persons to vote for the said Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax, as Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and as Freeholders within the said Borough, who were not duly qualified to vote in either of those Capacities, without examining into their respective Rights or Tit'es, though objected to on the Part of the Petitioners, and rejected several Persons, though legally qualified to vote, who offered to poll for the Petitioners, and refused to receive Evidence to manifcfl such Right; and also accepted many, who offered to poll for the said Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax, and at the same time rejected many others, who offered to poll for the Petitioners, though their Titles and Rights of voting were under the very tame Circumstances: That the said Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax, and their Agents, and others on their Behalf, used many illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable Practices, to engage the Electors of the said Borough in their Interest; and that divers Persons who polled for them were tempted and induced so to do by Corruption, and other undue Influence; and that the Petitioners were chosenat the said Election, by a Majority of legal Votes; notwithstanding which, the said Mayor, in Subversion of the Rights of the said Borough, and in Prejudice to the Petitioners, returned the said Henry Drax and Thomas Erie Drax, as Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief, as shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon TuefJay the Nineteenth Day of January next.

A Petition of James Mainwaring the younger, Esquire, Vol. 25.

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That at the last Election of Citizens to serve in this pre- Election, sent Parliament for the City of Chester, Sir Robert Grof-venor Baronet, the Petitioner, and Philip Henry War burton Esquire, flood Candidates; and that the Petitioner had an undoubted Majority of legal Votes of the said Mr. Henry War burton, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but that, by the indirect and illegal Practices of the said Mr. Henry Warburton, his Friends and Agents, and by the partial and unjust Proceedings of the "Returning Officers, the said Mr. Henry Warburton was returned, together with the said Sir Robert Grosvenor, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: All which the Petitioner prays, That the House will be pleased to take into Consideration; and grant him such Relief, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Twenty-sixth Day of January next.

A Petition of tliefeveral Persons, whoseNames arethere- Ditto, unto subscribed or set, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at the last Election of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester,

Sir Robert Grosvenor Baronet, James Mainwaring the younger, and Philip Henry Warburton, Esquires, flood Candidates; and that the said James had an

undoubted Majority of legal Votes of the said Mr. Henry Warburton, and ought to have been returned accordingly; but that, by the indirect and illegal Practices of the said Mr. Henry Warburton, his Friends and Agents, and by the partial and unjust Proceedings of the Returning Officers, the said Mr. Henry Warburton, and not the said Mr. Mainwaring, was, together with the said Sir Robert Grosvenor, returned, in Prejudice to the Rights of the Petitioners, and others, the Electors of the said City; and to the maniteft Wrong of the said Mr. Main-waring: And therefore praying the House to take the Cause of the Petitioners into Consideration; and to give them such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House at the same Time that the Matter of the Petition of James Mainwaring the younger,

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of Robert Tracy Esquire was presented to Worcsfter the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Vernon He&.on. Esquire, Thomas Geers Winford Esquire, and the Petitioner, having, on Wednesday the FirstDayof July 1747, been nominated Candidates to serve as Members in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester, a Poll was then demanded, and proceeded upon in the Guildhall of the said City, in the Course of which the Contest was between the Petitioner and the said Mr. Winford, there being an undoubted Majority for the said Thomas Vernon Esquire:

That Joseph Hundley, the Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said City, being determined in all Events, right or wrong, to return the said Mr. Winford, he, in the Course of the said Election, under colour of exercising his Judgment, refused the Votes of several Persons duly qualified, whooffered tovote for the Petitioner, and atthe same time admitted many Persons who were not Freemen, and others who had been made free after the Tefteof the Writ, andeven after the Election began, and great Numbers of other Persons who had no Right of voting, to poll for the said Mr.

Winford; an l that at the Adjournment of the Poll, on Monday the 6th Day of July, there were great Numbers of Freemen who had not voted at the said Election, and who intended to vote for the Petitioner, whereby there would have been a very great Majority in favour of the Petitioner; of which the said Sheriff being informed, he, in order co deprivethem of an Opportunity ofbeingpolled, purposely delayed opening the Poll on Tuesday the 7 th Day of July, till near Eleven in the Morning; and after the Poll had been kept open about an Hour, on Notice being brought ' 5 Q into

Weobley

Election.

42 6 170 Novembris. 1747.

into Court, that a great Number of Voters for the Petitioner were come, and coming, into the City, the said Sheriff, being determined to make a Return without observing so much as the Form of going through the Poll, at about a Quarter of an Hour after Twelve of the Clock, by the Advice and at the Instance of Bund, the Deputy Town-Clerk, Robert One

of the Chamberlains, and Thomas One of the Jus-

tices of the said City, and of Thomas , a Clergyman, and others, in the Interest of the said Mr.

in Defiance of Law and Justice, in Breach of an express Agreement Signed by all the Candidates, and contrary to the Consent and express Protest of the Petitioner, and a great Number of the Freemen of the said City, who had not polled, and even while One of the Freemen was actually taking the Oaths in order to poll, and while a great Number of other Freemen were in Court ready and waiting to be polled for the Petitioner, in a most illegal and arbitrary Manner permitted the said William Bund to Snatch up the Poll-Books, and declare the Poll was closed; and that thereupon the Petitioner, and Several of the Freemen of the Said City, who had a Right to poll, demanded of the Said JoJ'eph Hundley to open the Books, and permit their Poll to be taken; which he refuSed to do; and in an arbitrary Manner, without catting up the Clerks Books, declared that the Numbers on the Poll for the Said Mr. Winford were 1074; and for the Petitioner only 1024; and that the said Mr. Winford was duly elected; and that, while this was doing, upwards of Seventy Freemen, who had an undoubted Right to vote, and who had not voted before at the said Election, gave their Votes in Court, at the usual Place of voting, for the Petitioner; which Votes were taken down in a publick Manner, while the Sheriff was fitting in Court, and in the Presence of the Under-Sheriff, by John Thornoloe and Nicholas lor, Two of the Clerks appointed to attend the Election on the Part of the Petitioner; and the Said John loe immediately produced the Lift thereof to the Said Sheriff in Court (the Court not being then adjourned) whereby it appeared, that the Petitioner had on the Poll a Majority of upwards of 20 Votes more than the Said Mr. Winford; immediately after which, Several other Freemen, who had a Right to vote, and had not before voted, went up to the said Sheriff then fitting in Court, and likewise demanded to have their Votes taken; and that, had the Sheriff kept the Poll open as he ought to have done, the Petitioner would have polled many more Votes: That by Threats, Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices, Several of the Freemen of the Said City were prevented from voting for the Petitioner, and many others were prevailed upon to vote for the said Mr. Win-ford-, and that the Said Sheriff hath since unduly returned the Said Mr. Winford as One of the Citizens to Serve in this present Parliament for the said City, inmanifeft Prejudice to the Petitioner, and in Violation of the Rights of the Said City: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall Seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Second Day of February next.

A Petition of John Perceval Esquire, commonly called l^ord Viscount Perceval, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, together with Sir John Buckworth Baronet, and Manfel Powell Esquire, and Commodore Savage were Candi-

dates at the iafl Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Weoblin the County of Hereford-, and that a Poll was demanded, and proceeded upon, for the Said Election, on Wednesday the First day of July last: That the said Manfel Powell, by himself, or his Agents, was guilty of notorious Bribery and Corruption; and other illegal Practices were made use of by, for, and on behalf of, the said Manfel Powell, before, at, and after, the said Election, in order to carry and maintain the fame, and the Return thereupon made, in his own

Favour; and that the Returning Officers predetermined, in all Events, to return the said Manfel Powell, were guilty of gross Partiality; and, in the Conduct of the said Poll, paid an implicit Obedience to the Distatesand Direction of the Said Manfel; admitting many

Persons, who had no Right of voting, to vote for the said Manfel Powell; and either rejecting, at the said Poll, or omitting afterwards, in their Poll-Book, many other Persons duly qualified to vote, who offered themselves to poll, or actually had polled, for the Petitioner; proceeding throughout the Whole in a Manner inconsistent with. Law and Justice, repugnant to the Right of Election, and to the Custom and Constitution of the said Borough, and in open Contempt and Defiance of the Resolutions. of this House; and that by the Said partial, corrupt, and illegal Means, the Said Manfel Powell unjustly procured, himself to be returned as One of the Burgesses to Serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, although the Petitioner had a much greater Number of legal Votes, at the said Election than the said Manfel Powell: And therefore the Petitioner being thus deprived of his Right to fit in this present Parliament, and compelled to Seek Redress of this House, praying such Speedy Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard the Bar of this House upon Tuesday the Eighth Day of December next.

A Petition of Richard Prince AJlley Esquire, and Robert Pigott Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, being Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to Serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shrewsbury,‘had a Majority of legal Votes; and that Sir Richard Corbett Baronet, and William Kinaston Esquire, who were also Candidates at the said Election, were, by themselves, and divers other Persons acting as their Agents, guilty of several corrupt, illegal, and unwarrantable Practices, in order to procure themselves to be then elected; and that Esquire,

Mayor of the said Borough, did arbitrarily and illegally refuse the Votes of divers ancient Burgesses of the Said Borough, duly qualified to vote, and of Several other Persons who had a Right to be admitted Burgesses of the Said Borough, and demanded the fame; all which Persons then and there tendered themselves to vote for the Petitioners; and that the said Mayor did also in an arbitrary and illegal Manner admit several Paupers, and other Persons who received the Benefit of divers Charities given for the Relief of the Poor within the said Borough, and also several other Persons not having a Right to vote, to poll for the said Sir Richard Corbett and William;

and that although the Petitioners were duly elected, and ought to have been returned by the said Mayor, yet he, by the Means aforesaid, did return the said Sir Richard Corbett and William Kinaston-, and infilling, that the said Win. Kinafon had not then, nor now hath, an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, sufficient to qualify him to be a Member of this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as shall be reasonable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Shrewsbury

Electioa*

2i Geo. II.

18° Novem

Time appointed for receiving Andreis.

Droit wich Election

Ditto.

Linlithgow &c. Election

Mercunij 18® die Novembris;

Anno 21* Georgii II1* Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when lie would be attended by this House, had been plealed to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of James.

A Petition of Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire, was prefeated to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner Hood a Candidate, at the last Election of Burgesses to krve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Il'ich, otherwise , in the County of H orcester, when the Honourable Masham

Esquire, the Honourable Edwin Esquire, and

Freuds Winning ton Elqyire, also Hood Candidates; and that the Petitioner was duly thofen at the said Election by a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned as a Burgess to lerve for the said Borough in this present Parliament; notwithstanding which, the Bailiffs of the said Borough, w ho arc the proper Officers for returning of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, have, contrary to their Duty, returned the said Francis Winnington, as well as the Petitioner, and the said Samuel Masham, as Burgesses to serve for the said Borough in this present Parliament, pretending that the said Francis Winnington had an equal Number of Votes, at the said Election, with the Petitioner and the said Samuel Ma/ham: That the said Francis IVinninglon procured himself to be returned as a Burgess to serve for the said Borough, by several indirect and illegal Practices; and that the said Francis Winnin is not duly qualified to fit or vote as a Member of this House, he not having, -at the time of the said Election or Return, such an Estate as by Law is required; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be relerred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House,

A Petition of the Honourable Samuel Masham Esquire was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioner was duly chosen, and ought to have been returned, a Burgess to serve for the said Borough in this present Parliament; and complaining, That the Bailiffs of the said Borough, who are the proper Officers for returning Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, have returned Francis Winnington Esquire, as well as the Petitioner, and Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire; and also alleging. That the said 'Francis Winnington procured himself to be returned by indirect and illegal Practices; and that he is not duly qualified to fit or vote as a Member of this House, he not having such an Estate as by Law is required: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of the Honourable James Carmichael/ Esquire was prelcnled to the House, and read; setting forth. That on the 22d Day of July last came on the Election of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Class or District of Boroughs of La-

nerk, and Peebles, of which Class or District Linlithgow was then the presiding Borough; and that Lawrence Dun-dajs Esquire, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at such Election; when the Delegates for the said Boroughs of La-Vol. 2$.*

427

nerk and Pebbles voted for the Petitioner; and the Delegate for the said Borough of Linlithgow, and Robert Dundajs Esquire, who assumed to himself the Office of Delegate for the said Borough of Selkirk, voted for the said Lawrence Dundajs, who was thereupon returned Member for the said Dtftrid: That previous to such Election, and in order to procure the said Robert Dundafs to be named Delegate for the said Borough of divers

illegal and corrupt Practices were used by the said rence Dundajs Esquire, and his Agents, to influence all the Magistrates and Town-Council of that Borough to concur in such Nomination; and that, at the Meeting of the said Magistrates and Town-Council for the Choice of a Delegate for the said Borough of Selkirk, no Delegate was then duly chosen; whereby the Petitioner had a Ma- I

jority of legal Votes at such Election, and therefore ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Class or District of Boroughs: And therefore praying. That the House will please to take the Premises into Coi.fi leration; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as the Narure of this same doth require, and as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do-examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The House being informed, That some of the Com- Account of missioners of the Customs attended at the Door; East India

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouse at St. Hellens, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1746; also what brought in since; what exported; and what remained at Michaelmas 1747 1

N° a. An Account of prohibited East India Goods re* maining in the East India Warehouses at ',

Fenchurch-street, and Steel Yard, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1746; what have been since brought in; what exported; and what remained at Michaelmas 1747:

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1746; what have been since brought in; what exported; and also what remained at Michaelmas 1 747:

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective f

Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1746; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1747:

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at St.

Hellens, Fenchurch-street, Leadenhall street, and Custom-house, in the Port of London, 11 nee Michaelmas 1746, in order to be dyed, glazed, i£c. what have been returned; and what remained out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1747:

N*. 6. An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1746 to Michaelmas 1747:

N° 7. An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1 ^46 to Michaelmas 1747.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his The King'* Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And

428 18° — 200 1747.

Supply. And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ot that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 20° die

Anno 210 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

Mi fly's A PETITION of de Mijjy and Charles de

Nat. jl\ Mijfy was presented to the House, and read; praying, That L^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Cnjl and Sir Brands Poole do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vexatious Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Arrefis. revive Two A Act of Parliament, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act: And that Sir Richard Llovd, Mr. Noel, Sir John Barnard, and Sir William Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anfiver to Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, upon Wed-Addrefr, nesday last, attended his Majesty with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

The early Marks of Trust and Confidence, which you repose in me by this Address, give me the greatest Satisfaction.

You may be allured, that I have nothing more at Heart than to put, as soon as possible, such an End to the present Troubles as may be confident with the Good of my People, the Security of my Allies, and the Honour and true Interests of my Kingdoms.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made upon Wednesday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Westbury A Petition of Chauncy Esquire, and Matthew Election. Michell Esquire, waj presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of bury, in the County of Wilts, the Petitioners, John Bance Esquire, and Paul Methuen Esquire, flood Candidates } and that, at the said Election, Richard Hillier presided, and exercised the Office of Mayor and Returning Officer of and for the said Borough; and that he, being gained into thelntercft of the said Mr. Bance and Mr.

proceeded, during the Course of the said Election and

Poll, in a partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner.: and did admit several Persons, who had not any Right of voting at the said Election, to vote for the said Mr. Bance and Mr. Methuen; and did many other arbitrary and illegal Things, during the Exercise of such his Office, as well before and at, as after, the said Poll; by means whereof, and of divers corrupt and other illegal A As praAifed by the said Mr. Bance, Mr. Methuen, and Mr.

Hillier, or by the Agents, or others, on behalf of the said Mr. Bance and Mr. Methuen, they the said Mr.

Bance and Mr. Methuen are returned Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this Parliament, in Prejudice to the Petitioners, who (having each a Majority of legal Votes at the said Election, as well of the said Mr. Bance, as of the said Mr. Methuen) ought to have been returned, instead of them, to represent the said Borough in this Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Lieutenant-General James St. Clair was Sutherland presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That, at the Elc&ion. Election of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire} of Sutherland, which came on at Dornock upon

the 30th Day of July 1747, the Petitioner had a clear Majority of legal and indisputable Votes;but that several Persons, who had an unquestionable Right to vote at the said Election, and who desired to be admitted to vote for the Petitioner, having been unduly rejected} whilst others, who had no legal Qualification, were admitted to vote for Captain George Mackay, ot Strathmore-, and other unlawful and unjustifiable Means having been used to prevent the Petitionerfrom beingreturned, the said Captain was unduly returned to serve as Member for the said County: And therefore, the Petitioner conceiving himself aggrieved by such undue Proceedings and Return, praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of Warwick Calmady Esquire was presented Callingtoa to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Honour- Election. able Horatio Walpole Esquire, Brother to the Right Honourable the Earl of Orford, Thomas Coppleston Esquire, and the Petitioner, flood Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cal/ington, in the County of Cornwall; and lhat Thomas Horndon Gentleman, presided at the said Election, as Returning Officer of and for the said Borough; and partially, arbitrarily, and illegally, admitted many Persons to vote at the said Election for the said Thomas Coppleston, who had no Right to vote at such Election; and rejected the Votes of other Persons, rightfully and legally intitled to vote, who then offered to vote for the Petitioner; by means whereof, and of divers other indi* reA PraAices used and effected by, for, and in favour of, the said Thomas Coppleston, he is returned as One of the Burgesses to represent the fa^J Borough in this Parliament, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who had a much greater Number of legal Votes than the said Thomas Coppleston, and consequently ought to have been returned, with the said Horatio Walpole, to represent the said Borough in this Parliament: And further setting forth, That the said Thomas Coppleston was, at the time of his Election, and now is, Clerk of his Majesty's Quit-rents and Forfeitures in the Kingdom of Ireland; and therefore submitting to the Judgment of the House, whether such Employment of the said Thomas Coppleston is not within the Act of Parliament, made in the 15th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to exclude certain Officers from

being

2i Geo. II.

20° — 21° Novembfis.

429

being Members of the Rouse of Commons, and the said Thomas Coppleflon thereby disabled from being elected a Member in Parliament to serve for the said Borough: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bat of this House, upon the Ninth Day of

February next.

fctritBtdwm A Petition of such of the Freeholders and Inhabitants £jeftion. of ancient Burgage Messuages within the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, whose Names are thereunto subseri^ed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last general Election, Sir Edward Turner Baronet, William Scott, William Sloper, and Lafcells Metcalfe, Esquires, offered themselves as Candidates to represent the said Borough in this Parliament; and that the Petitioners voted for the said Sir Edward Turner and William Scott, who were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes, and who only ought to have been returned as Burgesses for the said Borough: That several Persons were procured to vote for the said William Sloper and Lafcells Metcalfe by illegal and unwarrantable Practices; and that the Portreeve

and returning Officer, did admit several to poll at the said Election, without administering the Oath to them, which is directed to be taken by the Statute of the 2d of his present Majesty (though several of the Electors, that had taken such Oath, required and demanded that the same should be administered to them) and admitted several other Persons to poll, who had no Right to vote at the said Election; and, being intimidated by the Threats and Menaces of the said William Sloper, was induced thereby, and in pursuance of an illegal and unwarrantable Agreement of the said Four Candidates, to make a Double Return; whereby the Election duly made by the Petitioners, and such others who voted for the said Sir Edward Turner and William Scott is totally defeated, and rendered void, and the Petitioners at present deprived of being efle&ually represented in this Parliament: And Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same time that the Matter of the Petition of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire and William Sloper Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, and of the said Double Return, is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of Sir Edward Turner Baronet and William Scott Esquire was presented to the House, and read; complaining of the Behaviour of the said James Feild, the Portreeve and Returning Officer of and for the said Borough, at the last Election, and of the said Double Return; and alleging. That the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, or their Agents, were, in the Course of the said Election, and of the Poll taken at such Election, and at the time of doling the said Poll, and after the said Poll was closed, guilty of divers corrupt and illegal Practices; and that the Petitioners had each a Majority of legal Votes, and ought only to have been returned Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Re- . lief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same time that the Matter of the Petition of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire and William Sloper Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, and of the said Double Return, is appointed to be heard.

Scafo-d A Petition of the Right Honourable Charles Sackville SkAion. Esquire, commonly called Earl of Middlesext and the Voi.. 25.

Honourable William Hall Gage Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the last Election of Barons to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, the Petitioners, together with the Right honourable liam Pitt Esquire and William Hay Esquire, were Candidates: That, on the Day before the said Election, a noble Peer of this Realm did invite to, and entertain at, his House, most of the Voters fur the said Town and Port; and, in the Room where they were assembled, spake to them one by one, and did sollicit and influence them with respect to giving their Votes at the said Election; by ' means whereof several Persons, who had promised to vote, and would have voted, for the Petitioners, were prevailed upon by the said noble Peer to vote for the said Mr. Pitt and Mr Hay; which Proceeding, the Petitioners

conceive, is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain: That, on the Day of th'e Election, in order to awe and influence the Voters in favour of the Sitting Members, and deter them from voting for the Petitioners, the said noble Peer came into the Court, accompanied by other Peers of the Realm; and, being seated near to the Returning Officer, did continue there until the Poll was closed; notwithstanding the Presence of him, and the said other Peers, was objected to by One of the Petitioners, and the Returning Officer applied to by him not to take the Poll while the said Peers remained present in the Court; in all which the said Petitioner thought himself fully justified, as he apprehended their Presence obstructed the Freedom of the Election, and, from the several declared Resolutions of the House of Commons, was a Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain; and that by thele, and other illegal Practices, the Petitioners loft a great Number of Votes, which would otherwise have been given for the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Resolutlon of the House, of the Sixteenth Day of this instant November

" That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and " Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any " Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any " County, to concern themselves in Elections of Members to lerve for the Commons in Parliament," might be read:

And the feme was read accordingly.'

A Motion was made, and the Question being put/ That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlen for ,h. Yeas, } 96.

-so',»=No 7«War, J2+7<

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be dismissed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 21* die Novembris;

Anno 2i* Georgii IP Regis, 1747. Prayers.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee bad directed him to report to the House

R which

*uppl/.

Navy

Eltfmates,

&c.

43°

*vh'ch he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said llesolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1748, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy and Marines, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Charge of the Transport-Service, for the Year 1747.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Expence of the victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1747.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1748, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1748, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1748, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Hospital,

for the Year 1748.

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the; Year 1747. have been disposed of, distinguished under their severalHeads. 1

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,> shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well; of> or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly-called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South-Sea Fund j as also, of or for the Excess or Surplus of the , Fsnd corpmonly called t^e General Fund.

A. 1747-

Resolved.That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

L unae^ 2 30 die Novembrts;

Anno 21® Georgii Ildi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

SI R John Cufl presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Cafar de Mijjy and Charles de Missy: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the Eftiinates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Scrope presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplus dated at Lady-day 1747: And also.

Surplus dated at Michaelmas 1747.

And the Titles of the said Surplusses were read.

The said Surplusses are as followeth j viz.

'I i — 23* N.

Nai.

Answer to Addrefi.

Surpluses*

o

eg'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

c

r

SURPLUS Rated at Lady-Jay 1747.

The EXCESS or SURPLUS of the several Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, commonly called The Aggregate Fund; efhblished by several Acts of Parliament, of the id, 5th, and 6th, \ cars

of his late Majesty's Reign, for answering the Payments therein expressed j

il tl)

17M

*74

Dr.

House Money, first granted 7* II'"* Regis yds Tonnage and Poundage -Arrears of the Duties on Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24th of June 17 24, a Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures, and Mullins Arrears of the increased Duties on Coffee. Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24th of June and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures -A Moiety of the Inland Duty of 'ljh. per Lib. on Collie, liuce the ‘24th of June 1724 Ditto ----- -- of \jh. per Lib. and per Cent. on Tea, fiucc 24th Jun

The Inland Duty of u. 6d per £. on Chocolate, since the 24th June 1724 Further Rates on white Callicoes, China Wares, and Drugs Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage.

Surplus of the other Moiety above £.80,000 per Annum for Annuities Additional Duty on J*rSnth Wines and Merchandizes Plantation Duties ——

Duties on Hops - - - , - -

Duties on Brandy, since Michael/nut 1736 Ditto on Low Wines, since D° - Ditto on British Spirits, since 1V*‘ -Ditfco on {Spirits imported, since 1)#

Surplus of the yd. Kxcifc, granted for 99 Years Ditto of the^ths $d. Excile - -

Ditto' of the £.3,700 per Week Excifo ' Ditto of the Revenues in Annuity Acts* 40, 56° Annse Ditto of the Lottery Fund, Anno 1710

Ditto of the Annuity Fund, Anno 1710

N

(4 n

*0 S S-o

c 2

it

r a

CZ sc

v *-

s> J2

(J tl K ec

W 9-

9i

<0

6*

e

#5

Publick Monies

brought into the Exchequer, since Michaelmas 1715, appropri Ad, l* Georgit l®1, Page 301 viz.

iated by an

Duty on foreign Sail-cloth -Arrears of the ill +Jh. Aid, Anno 1693-Ditto - - loth ish. Aid, Anno 17126

Ditto - aoth 4fh. Aid, Anno 174a

Ditto 22 d jjk. Aid, Anno 1744

40

- 121

31

949

- 3L795

s.

»4

15

3

»7

5

d.

6

9

4*

8

£ </

57,0s 5 11 8

51,886 tl 7 —

744-H 8l

43.*7*

7»4°3

58,190 6,071 19,638 40,840 19

>3

3

4 4

2J

3s

6

8*

- 9.583 IO

- 3»°°9 3 4i

957 17 6

- i,97 9 H

- 74>77o 16 4

- 23,028 16 jo

- 36,576 4 9

- 1.234 4 ll

- i#.'73 9 11}

- 7.854 2 li

- >5.9'» 4 10J

- 22.819 3 5 i

- ^6,801 5 3 i

12,039 5 8

32,938 16 6

Cr.

By Payments charged mi the Aggregate Fund by A fs of Parliament; viz.

By the Bank* of 'England 0,1 tin ir Annuity of £. 20,000. being the Remainder of £.80,000 p*r Annum for cancelling Two Mii. v % , in Exchequer Bdls, for the Half Year, ended at l*i*ly-day 1747, pursuant to lint Ad ll° Grngn I P.ue 213, Georgii a*11. Page 81, and 11° Gioigti 2 , Page 649 - -

By the South Ski Company, to d.fdinr.c Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the priuciptl Sum of £.370,004. 12*. or/, to w Inch the Sun of £.441.700 fubllrihcd into their Capital, is reduced, by abating hoin the same £.71,6?, ,. . -v. «.7. lor i proportional Part of £.6,500,000, repaid to the find Company, fm redeem! so unieli of their w hole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being fh- Remainder of £.500,000, contributed on the First Lottery 1719) for lue Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 -....

£ d-

Towards the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, for the Half Year, ended

at Isudu-d.iy 1747, by the Ad 1° Georgii 2*1, Page 8.....60,000 ——

More on £. 70,000 per Annum from Michaelmas 1736, in lieu of the Duties on Low Wines, Strong Waters, % c. pursuant to the Ad cj# Georgii a*1, Page 386, for the same Half Year ----- ----- - 35,000 ——

By the South-Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.706,754. 18s. 5f/. to which the Sum of£.843,70*2. lr. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating born the fame/'. 130.047. 3*. 3 d. fora proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for rcdtciinug lo much uf their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.1,070,000, contributed for Atiouities, Anno 1715) for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 ——

By the Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747- ——

By the Clhcr of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for N'ecefiaries -

By the South-Sea Company, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747, on £.495. i8t. o\d. per Annum being such Part of £.9,884.1 os. 6 Id. per Annum, Ke/idue ot£. 1*2.000 per Annum allowed them for Charges of Management on Subscriptions, by the Act 6° Georgii i"*,a.s is chargeable on this Fund -By the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, on their reduced An-nui per

L- 569.930 >4 H

nuity of £.1*28,000, payable to them front Michaelmas 1730, being alter the Rate of £.4 per Cent. per Annum on the said Company's Capital of £.3,200,000 lor the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747, pursuant to the Alt 30 GWgbPage 45*2 ——

By his Rovnl Highnefr William Duke of Cumberland, on his Annuity of £.25,000, by the Act 19* Gcurgii *2dl. Page 479 and 4S0, Haifa Year due Lady-duy 1747 1

By the Excess or Surplus which, at or before Lady day 1747, did arise by the Duties composing the Aggregate Fund per Contra (over and above all Monies then due or payable, to discharge the several Annuities, and other Allowances and Payments, directed by Acts of Parliament to be fatufied out of the fame) which Excels or Surplus Is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4 -

10,000 — —

7A<»>

1 10

95,000 ——

*4^35 1

325

38

11

247 19

64,000 —

14,300 —

203,64614. 3i

366,284 — 2j.

569,930 14 6J

11 Geo. II. i % ° Novembris.

rnmW

JS>

-» 4.

As

ACCOUNT of such Duties or Revenues, Part of the South-Sea Company's Fund, as were established by Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 5th Years of his late Majesty's Iteign, for

answering Payments to the South-Sea Company, and others, in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747;

Dr,

43 "*

s-t

k;-2> ♦*."0 /

*-s S

c a

5 a

o

|4

£-s

For Impost on Wines and Vinegar

Impost on Tobacco -

: Impost on Eafi^India Goods

Additional Impositions Additional Whale-fin*

Duty on Candles since ift May 1715 Apprentice Duty since D*

£, S.

M>96* 5 7

*8,043 11

69^39* 5 1

32,644 4 10 3,71411 6

33>°45 19 4

1,562 8 10

Cr.

By the South-Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Centum on the principal Sum of £. 8,376,830. 7 s.7 \to which their original Capital of £. 10,000,000 is reduced, by abating from the same 1,623,169. 12*. 4id.

for a proportional Part of £. 6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the fame, and is for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 -

r D* Company, on £. 6,701. 91. 4per Annum, for Charges of Management, to which their Allowance of £.8,000 Annum was reduced, on Repayment to the said Company of 6,500,000, as aforesaid, and is for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 - -

By the Excess or Surplus which, at or before Lady-day 1747, did ariie by the j Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Revenues, per Contra (oyer and above sufficient to satisfy all Payments chargeable thereupon) which F.xcefs or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4....

£. s. d.

167,536 12 il

3,35° 14 H 170,887 6 10

22,475 19 1 of 193.363 6 81

vo

O'

H

X

4*

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

-c

£ The PRODUCE, at the Exchequer, of the Duties and lLvcnucs which, by an Act 3* Gscrgii i"*. Page 303, were charged towards making good a general yearly Fund of 7.-4,84.9. 6j.

with the Deficiency thereof, anti the Overplus of the same General Fund, Rated at LaJj-Jjy 1747} which Overplus ariseth over and abuve all the MouUa which tc.cn t r b. t"ic ccc..i*;c due or payable, according to subsequent Acts, out of the said Duties, Revenues, or General Fund.

to

Cr\

Dr.

W. *C

*5

B "*

~ <r»

*s t

'f*

& §: 5

H

W C

St>

f Subtlety on Goods exporter! £ to Lotter}* 1711. < <2/h. per Chaldron on Coals -/ Additional Duty on Candles

>6.127

20,4-09

33.049

n

Hackney Coaches and Chairs 2,500

Clafi Lottery i7vuJ *c'v ^ampDune, - - . 6,'uo

J J £ 7°° Per Week, Letter Money - 17,500 , Duty on Hides and Skins - 48,608

/.to Lottery 1712. {P"*°"S?aP 57>9«7

J (Stamp Duties on Paper - - 11,188

/Additional Duty on Hides - - 28,358

1 Duty on Wire and Starch - - 5,688

I Policies of Insurance - - 1,736

Class Lottery 1712.^ A Moiety of the Doty of vjh.per

Lib. on Collee - 7,405

'Ditto - - - of yh. per

£. and £.25 per Cent, on Tea - 58,190

Hereditary Excise, payable out of £.3,700 J*r Week for Bankers 4

jr. d.'i

7S.537 7 8

74.7*9 4 3

69,106 12 4I

101,379 8 11J 10,927 17 9

d.

To the Complement for completing the General Fund of 724,849 io}rf. per Aimurn for the Half Year, ended at Lady~day 1747, to be made good*

Vn

0*

343,720 It — 18,704 7 5 £. |36i,424 *3 5J

3*2,454 13 5

2

o

Cr.

By Payments charged on the General Fund by Acts of Parliament; vie.

By the S wJi-Sc a ('oinpinv. uj diiVi arge Annuities at £4 pi {\nt. on tlm princij ;*l Sum of £>077,305. >75* to v.u,:ii the Sum of £.8,320,291. *2f. 1 d. subs* ribe.i lino tin 11* Capital, is reduced, hv abating from the famy £.1,351,985. 4*. 5 d. fora proportional Hurt of £.'*,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming lo much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £*9,534.357* if.*- Ht‘d. to which the Proprietors of the Orders in the Four Lotteries, 1711 and 171 », and the Debt due to certain Bankers, and others, were infilled) for the Half Year, ended at I sidy-thy 1747 ——

By Ditto Company, to discharge Annuities at£.4perCcnt.on the principalSum 0^.6:7,052. 1 'to which the Sum of £.748,5.55* 10*. 5<L subscribed into their Capital, is u (lurid, by abating from the same £.1 >1,503. 6 % . 8d. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming lb much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending th»* same (being the Remainder of £.017,514. 7.*. 8d. to which the Prnpi ictors of certain Tallies of Sol were'infilled, that were flru« k at the Exchequer, to make good I undry Deficientics, Anno 1716)

lor the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747....

By Ditto Company, to discharge Amiuitiesat £.4 j*r Cent.on tlm principal Sum of£. 1,014,260.1 o*.od. to which the Sum of £.1,210,79:. 13*. $5. subscribed into their Capital, is redu< ed, by abating from the laine £.196,532*. 3*. 8t/. for a proportional Part of £.6,5( 0,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming lb much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.1.603,987. 8#. lid. to which the Proprietors of certain Army Debentures, made forth to the 2 ill March 1719, were intitled) for the Half Year, ended at Lady-

day 1747.....- - - - -....

By Ditto Company.to discharge Annuities at£.4per (Vnf. on the princfpal Sum 0^.00,304. 12s. 7\d. to which the Sum of £.10;,802. 17s. 4d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £.17,498. 45. 8jd. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £.110,312. 17*. 4d. to which the Proprietors of certain "Tallies of Sol w'ere intitled, that were (truck for the Service of the Nary, and the Victualling thereof) for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 ——

By Ditto Company, and the Governor and Company of thcBauk of England, claiming under them, for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747, on £4,010. 19*. 3d per Annum; being Inch Part of £9,884. 105. 6{d. per Annttm, Redd tie of £1 2,000 per Annum, allowed them lor ('barges of Management on Subscriptions, by the Act 6° Georgii l"', as is chargeable on this Fund -By the Sufferers of Nevis and St. Christophers, for Annuities, at the Rate of £.3 per Centum for and upon the principal Sum of £.37,821. 5s. \{d. Residue of £.141,093. 155. \{d. contained in Orders for Debentures, made forth by the Commissioners for Allaire of Trade and Plantations, for the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 - ....

Balance is the Overplus which, at or before Lady-day 1747, did arise by the said General Fund, in this Half Year, w hen the Sum of £.18,704. 25. 3d. per Contra shall be made good (over and above sufficient to satisfy all Annuities, and other Sums, due or payable out of the fame) which Excels or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4

A

ICO o46 - 4

12,j4» 1 — J

20,285 4 2

1,806 1 10

2,005 9 7l 5^7 <5 4l

l7^75* 5 4l

185,673 8 — J $6*2,424 5

00

V/s*

2 t Guo. II. 2Novembris>

1

— 4- —

g

(Q

n'

CD

Q_

cr

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING-FUND

To Surplus Monies unapplied at Michaelmas 174 6, as per Account thereof, for the Half Year then ended....

Dr.

£ 9* d*

10,211 5

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747; v*Zt Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1. -Surplus of the South-Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2.

Surplus of the General Fund, when the Sum of £. 18,704. 23, 5 d. being the Complement to £. 362,4-24. 13s. 5<i. shall be made good, brought from Account, Folio 3. -

To Monies granted out of the Supplies 1747, for the Purposes following, per Act 200 Georgii 2", Page 821 and 822; viz.

£ * d-366,284 — 2j

22,475 19 i°i

185,673 8 — i 574*433 8

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties

at Christmas 1745 - -....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1746 -To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to answer a Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 1746, after the Rate of £. 3. 10s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply for the Year 1745 -

Ta replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midfinnmer 1746 - -....

£. t. d. 7»97« 8

- 35.oooo ——

Per Contra

Cr.

49*693 17 9l

106,582 6 7

681,015 14 8J

£' 691,227 ——

By Half a Year's Annuity, due Christmas 1746, being after the Rate of £. 3per Coil, on the principal Sum of £. 600,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service gf the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 90 Georgii 2di, Page 492, in that Behalf ——

By the Uffier of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the said Annuities ----- ----- -- T

By Half a Year's Annuity, due Lady-day 1747# being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent. on the principal Sum of £.300,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act 11° Georgii 2dl, Page 642, in that Behalf ——

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmas 1746, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent. on the principal Sum of £. 800,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 150 Georgii 2d*, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf ——

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf ——

By Caffi taken to answer Half a Year's Interest, due at Lady-day 1747, being after the Rate of £.3. 10s. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Act 180 Georgii 2d*; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf ——

By Caffi taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1746, pursuant to the Act 49 Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act*

Page 464 - ....

By Caffi taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Platt, at Lady-day 1747, pursuant to the Act 6° Georgii im*. Page 294, in that Behalf ... By Caffi taken in full of £. 1,000,000, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1746, pursuant to the Act 190 Georgii 2*, Page 495, in that Behalf By Caffi taken in Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1747, pursuant to the Act 20° Georgii 2dl, Page 8e8, in that Behalf -

Balance at Lady-day 1747 is the Deficiency of the General Fund in this Half Year (ns per Contra) to be m*de good

Tliie being h, Niue-and-fertielh Ilnlf-ye.-ly Acouni, rnde up p»rf»M« , ,t, m p. ,« ftp*, i. tabl, to 2,d Do, f AWer .7,7, by »e>

s. d.

9,000

4*

16 9

4,500 ——

12,009 — 225 — — -

i7>5o° — —

7,n8

5,525

359.3»o

257>3°°

5 9 18 ioJ

9 9

6

672,522 17 7 18,704 2 5

691,227 ——

Je Scroft,

s>

434 23 6 NovembrisA. 1747*

SURPLUS dated at Michaelmas 1747*

The EXCESS or SURPLUS of the several Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, commonly called the Aggregate Fund, established by several Acts of Parliament, of the ift, 6th,

Years of his late Majesty's Reign, for answering the Payments therein expressed; viz.

r*

hi

on

r,

c5

rt -4j C

V- ~ 3

s-y 5 8\ c -c — o S a

as

S.s

*3

Sc

P rt

m

« a

c

.0

o

s

, o

Dr.

House Money, first granted 7* IV** Regis ——

-jds Tonnage and Poundage - ....

A r rears of the Duties 011 Coilee, Tea, and Chocolate, before the 24^ h of June 1724, and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures, and Mullins -Arrears of the incrcuted Duties 011 Coilee, Tea, and Chocolate, before the ‘24th of June 1724, and the Duties on Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, M u c, and Pictures -A Moiety of the Inland Duty of yh. p:r Lib. on Coll* c, tince the 24th June 1714 Ditto ----- -- of \jh. per £. and £. ‘25 per Cent, on Tea, tince i^UiJune 1745

The Inland Duty of 11. 6d. per Lib. on Chocolate, since the 24th June 1724 -

Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage.

Additional Duty on French Wines and Merchandizes Plantation Duties ——

Duties on -Hops ——

Duties on Brandy, since Michaelmas 1736 - -

Ditto on Low Wines, liuco D°

Ditto on Britishi Spirits, since D° -

Ditto on Spirits imported, since D° -

Surplus of the gd. Excise, granted for 99 Years - Ditto of Jths gd. Extile ——

Ditto of yths gd. Excise ——

Ditto of £.3,700 per Week Excise - Ditto of the Revenues in Annuity Acts, 4*, 50, et 6° Anna Ditto of the Lottery l and, i4w/io 1710 - -

Ditto of the Annuity Fund, Anno 1710 -

Publick Monies brought into the Exchequer, after Michaelmas 1715, appropriated by an Act, 1* (Georgii imJ, Pag* 3°l; viz.

Duty on foreign Sail cloth -Arrears of the 10th *2# Aid, Anno 1726

D°

D°

D°

D°

D#

i-2tl» kiJU. Aid, Anno 1751 17th yh. A»d, Anno 1738 19th yh. Aid, Anno 1741 *2oth 4jh. Aid, Amo 1742 *2 lft 4fh. Aid, Anno 1743 2‘id yh, Aid, Anno 1744

IO

3-

1,500

3°° 21 813 268 4.581

<L

10

)8

11

8

O

eg'

n"

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

£ 1. d.

30,00 I 2 10

32,171 1 6*

4°9 10 4

3° IO "i

8-443 2 ♦71

9,7 *4 *9 7*

3.637 13 8

‘22,392 10 5

M17 11 ^4

62 6 4

87.°'1 lb 1

45.167 8 7*

31.1 >0 <9 3

47.6S8 ‘2 9

243 *5 —

21,115 5

9.374 — 10

3.587 8 3»

23.311 4 l|

53.172 16 7*

32,982 10

27.567 12 6

7*527 1* M

V

529.350 4 7|

Cr.

By Payments charged on the Aggregate Fund by Acts of Parliament; tiz.

By the Rink of Eng fun i, on their Annuity of £. *20,000, beini* the Remainderof £. 8*»,oooo per Annum for cancelling Two Millions, in Exchequer Bills, for the Half Year, ended at M jhaelmas 1747. purl unt to the Ad 1i* G corgi i i*1, Page 213; a* Georgii 241, Page 81; and 11* Georgii 2d,t Pa_:e 640

By the S nuli-Sca Company, to dif liar ;e Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the prim ip il Sum of £.370,014. lit. od. to which the v ini of £. 441,700 subs ribed into their Capita!, is reduced, by abating from the same £.71,1)05. >*. od. for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the fud Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities atteikding the same (being the Remainder of £.500,000 contributed on the First Lottery 1719) for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1747 ——

Towards the Expence of his Majesty's Civil Government, for the Half Year ended at Mu h lehnas 1747. by the Act la Georgii *2^, Page 8 -More on £. 70,000*/> r Annum from Michaelmas 1736, in lieu of the Duties on Low Wines, Strong Waters, #c. pursuant to the Act 9* Georgii *2dl, Page 380, for the same Half Year - - - - ,

£ ' d.

60,000 ——

- 3.5,000 ——

By the South-Sc a Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on llu* principal Sum of £.706,754. 18*. 3d. to which the Sum of £.843,70*2. 11. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by aluting from the same £. 13^,047. 35. 3d. for a proportional Pari 01 £.0 503,000 repaid ti e laid Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending tin* same (being the Remainder of £. 1,079,000 contributed for Annuities, Anno 1715) for the Half Year, mdeJ at Michaelmas 1747 ——

By the Officers of the Exchequer Bill-Ollice, on their Salaries, for the Half Year, ended at 3/< hi id mas 1747 ——

By «!,* Sheriffs of England and Wales, on £.4,000 per Annum by the Ad 30 Georgii l01*, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1717 ——

By the Souh'Sea Company, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them, for the Half Year, vnded at Michaelmas 1747, on £.495. 18s. c{d. per Annum being fuel) Part of £.9,184. 10s. 6{et. pr Annum, Rilidtic of £. 12,000 fur Annum aliened them for Charges of Management on Subscriptions, by ike Act 6° Georgii il,i, as is chargeable on this Fund ——

By the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indus, on their reduced Annuity of £. 1 28,000 payable to them from M ch I mas 173 s being after tln» Rate of £.4 per Cent, per Annum on the said Compands < pita of £.;v:c>o,oooo for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1747, pursuant to the Act J* Georgii 2dl, Pa-1 451 By so much of the Sum of £.7,237. 18s. 3.$'/. I. mi; a M* bn ih of the annual Income of the Duties on rough and undredeil Fiax, taken by the Act 40 i»rorgii \tvl* made good to the several

publick Creditors at MidjUmmer 1747^ the n naming bum o: £ l.ftfii. g*. 0~d. being applicaole to the Funds composing this Aggri 0ate Fitiiv!. beloie the Luues on rough and uudretfid Flax were repealed, is tht refore uot charged Hereupon ——

By lb much of the Sun of £.7,1^4. 14.9 /. being .1 Medium of the annual Income of the Duties upon WGotten and Bay Yarn imported from Inland, taken ofl'by the Act w* f»Yorgii Ar, from the ift Day of May 1740, as was made good to the New Soklidy, bt^inga Branch of his Majesty's Civil Lilt* Revenues, for the Year terminated the lit frlay r747, the remaining Sum of £.4,7-6. gs. iO'/. being applicable 1o the Funds computing this I uud> besure the said Duties wej*e repealed, i^tlu reforc not charged hereupon - -

Byh is Royal Higlmcls IViIlium Duke oi' Cui.ibaland, on his Annuity of £.25,000 by the Act 190 Clcorgii u*1. Page 47.9 and 480, Haifa Year due at Michaelmas 1747 -

By the Excess or Surplus which, at or before Michaelmas 1747, did arise by the rutiescwnpofing the Aggregate Fund, per Contra (owr and above all Monies then duo or payable, to discharge the federal Annuitus, and other Allon ances and Puviueuts, directed by Acts of Pai liiment lobe satisfied out of the Lame) which Lxcelk or Surplus hi carried to tha Sinking Fuad, ioLio 4

£ d.

10.000 -

7^00 1 i*

Oj.OOCt -

M.«3j

315 — —

4,000 — —

347 tj> —

64.000 — —

5J7S 8 9

4 11

1 2,500 ——

» 15,372 16.

3 f3,917 8 a

529,35a 4

7*

Cr*

a 1 Geo. IL 23° Novembfis.

u>

ON

3.

D

eg'

f — H

n‘

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o§

FT

The EXCESS or S URPLUS of such Duties or Rerenues, Part of the South-Sea Company's Fund, as were established by Acts of Parliament, of the 3d and 5th Years of his late Majesty's

Reign, for answering Payments to the South-Sea Company, and others; which Excels or Surplus is here stated at Michaelmas 1747; viz.

S >'

c 5

g-1

f] U,

S3

c

? c 5*8 g*

I?*

Dr. £- s. d.

For Impost on Wines and Vinegar - - - 47,98° 10 11

Import on Tobacco 4^301 2 n

Impost on East India Goods - - - 37.735 l6

Additional Impositions - - - 18,770 3 si

Additional Duty on Whale-fins - - - 3.925 2 OS

Duty on Candles since the ift of May 17x5 - 31,3*8 3 *f

Apprentice Duty since D* ' 2,657 *7 9

Tofo much of the Sum of £.7,437. it*. 3$</. being a Medium of the annual Income of the Duties on rough and undressed Flax, taken off by the Ait 4* Georgii 2di, as would have been applied to this Fund, had not those Duties been repealed, and is therefore made good to the fame, out of the Sum of £.5,376, 8s. 9 d.charged on the Aggregate Fund, as per Account, Folio 1 - - . - -

184,688 17 3

3,097 15 8£

186,786 13 —

Cr.

By the South-Sea Company, to discharge Annuities at £.4 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.8,376,830. js. to which their original Capital of f. 10,000,000 is reduced, by abating from the same £.1,623,169. 4ri^ for a proportional Part of £.6,500,000 repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the lame, and is for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1747 -

By D° Company, on £.6,701. 9 s.4 \d.per Annum, {ox Charges of Management, to which their Allowance of £.8,000 per Annum was reduced, on Payment to the said Company of £.6,500,000 as aforesaid, and is for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1747 - -

By the Excels or Surplus which, at or before Michaelmas 1747, did arise by the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Revenues, per Contra (over and above sufficient to satisfy all Payments chargeable thereupon) which Excess or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4 - -

d.

167,536 12 11 o

or*

3,35° 14 8:* $§

SS-

170,887 6 10

15,899 6 2

186,786 13 —

V

1

— J- —

The PRODUCE, at the Exchequer, of the Duties and Revenues which, by an Act 30 Georgii i', Page 303, were charged for making a general yearly Fund of £. 724,849. 6s. with the Overplus of the fame, Rated at Michaelmas 1747; which Overplus ariseth over and above all the Monies which then or before became due or payable, according to subsequent Acts, out of the said Duties, Revenues, or General Fund.

o

(Q*

n'

CD

Q_

cr

r

u

x

w

fc c

B-1

£. 10 Lottery 1711

Dr.

Subsidy on Gnotl.s exported \>s. per Clia! Iron on Coals -dduional Duty on Caudles

Class Lottery 1

f Hackney Coaches and Chairs J New Stamp Duties -'11 j £'. 700 per Week, Lett (Duty on Hidesaud Sk

tter Money Skins -

1 (

a

Class Lottery 171a.

Additional Duty on Hides -Duty on Wire and Starch -Policies of Into ranee A Moiety of the Duty of is.

on Coffee -D° -..... of is.

and £. 25per Cent. on Tea

C- s. i.

16

S9,8 77 7 H

3'-3iS 3 "J,

2,899 — —

P-3'3 2 11

18,900 — —

52.»4‘ 2

67,307 7 —

- >3.594 17 8

3,475 >3 10

6.539 6 4i

1.969 — —

_ *.443 a 71

69.784 >9 7i

£. s.

89,728 7 9

_ > 83,253 5 — 1

80,90a 4 8

\ 37*»3>9 >5

117,212 2 53

Hereditary Excise, payable out of ^.3,700 ytrWeik for Bankers Annuities 19.927 17 9

Kr\

H

Deduct to make good the Deficiency of this Fufid, in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1747 - ....

391,023 17 7I 18,704 2 5

£ 37‘2'3*9 >5 j

o

o

eg

ft

Cr.

By Payments*.harged on the General Fund by Acts of Parliament; viz.

By the South Sen Company, to discharge Annuhies at £. 4. ;»tr Cent, on tint princ:pal Sum of £6,977,305. 1 />*. 8d. to wlm h the Sum of £. 8,329,201. is. id. subscribed into tii.-ir (J g dal,

is reduced by aliatjug from thclutym £. 1,351,985. 4-5« 5^- for apmportion.il Part of £.6 y-voo repaid to the said Company, for redeeming f» much ot their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder of £. 9,534,357. 13*. 11.]^, to which tin* Pr« prictois of the Orders in Lre Lour l^ottcrics, 171 1 and 1712, and the Debt due to certain Cankers and: others, \yere intitled) for the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1747 -

By Ditto Company, to discharge Annuiticsat£.4 per Cent.mi the principal Sum of £.627,052. 1 is. 9 d.

1 to which the Sum of £. 748,555. 19*. 5*/. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced, by abating from the same £m 1 <21,503. 6s. 8d. for a proportional Part of £. 6,500,000, repaid to the said 1 Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same (being the Remainder ol £. 947,514. 7s. 8d. to which the Proprietors of certain Tallies of Sol were iutitledf, that weretupek attfie Exchequer, to make good sundry Deficiencies, Anno 1716)

for the Half Year, eiifded at Michaelmas 1747

By Ditto Company, todischarge Annuities at£.4/>rr Cch/. on the principal Sum of^. 1,014,260. 10s. ad. \ to which the.Sum of£.\,<210,792. 13s. 8d. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced by abating from the same £.196,532 3s. $d. for a proportional Part of£ 6,300,000, repaid to the said Company, for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the fame* (being, the Remainder, of,£. 1,603,987. 8s. lfd. to which the Proprietors of certain Army De-, bentures, made forth to the 2ill of March 1719, were intitled) for the Half Year, ended at' Michaelmas 1747 ——

By Ditto Company, todischarge Annuities fyt £.4 nerCent. on the principal Sum of £.90,304. 12.?. to which the Sum of £.107,802. 17*4*/. subscribed into their Capital, is reduced by abating from the same £, 17,498 4s. 8b. for a proportional Part of £.6,5*.0,000, repaid to the said Company for redeeming so much of their whole Capital, and the Annuities attending the same ( being the Remainder of £. 110,312. 175. 4d. to which the Proprietors of certain Tallies of Sol were intitled, that were (Iruck for the Service of the Navy, and the Victualling liu r-of) for the Half Year, ended Michaelmas 1747 ——

By Ditto Company, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, claiming under them for the Half Year ended at Michaelmas 1747 on £.4,010. 19s. 3d. per Annum; being Inch Part of £.9,884. 10s. cj pet Annum, R< lidue of £.1-2,000 per Annum, allowed them for Charges of Mauagementon Subscriptions, by the Att 6° Georgii iml, as is chargeable on this Lund By the Sufterers ot'Nevis and St. Chriflyphers, for Annuities, at the Rate of £. 3. per Cent, for and upon the principal Sum of £.37,821. 5 s. ijd. Residueof £.141,093. 155« tj contained in Orders for Debentures, made forth by the Commissioners for A flairs of Trade and Plantations, for the Half Y'ear, ended at Michaelmas 1747 ——

Balance is the Overplus which, at or before Michaelmas 1747, did arise by the said General Fund, in this Half Year (over and above fuflficient to satisfy all Annuities, and other Sums, due and payable out of the fame, which Excess or Surplus is carried to the Sinking Fund, Folio 4.

t.

d.

139,54^ 4

12,541 1 — J

*0,285 4 1

1,806 1 10

2,005 9 7}

567 G 4$

5 4*

195,568 9 io{

----- ----- -----7

37->3*9 wl

21 Geo. II. 23

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -

To Surplus Monies unapplied at Lady-day 1747, as per Account thereof for the Half Year then ended -....

Dr.

To Surplus Monies ariseo in the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1747; £. s. d.

viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 - 3*3*977 8 2

Surplus of the South-Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account,

Folio a-. ----- --- 15,899 0 2

5urplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Foli* 3

£. 9. d.

18,704 3 5

i95>568 9 10J

505,445 4 2* 544,149 6 7j

D

n

rH-

n'

CD

a.

cr

CD

o

eg

FT

per Contra

By Haifa Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1747, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of £.600,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1-736, pursuant to the Ad 90 Georgii 2dt, Page 492, in that Behalf ——

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Michaelmas 1747, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent. per Annum on the principal Sum of £.300,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Ad 11* Georgii 201, Page 649, in that Behalf - -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1747, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of £. 800,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, tow ards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Ad 15* Georgii 2di, Page 600 and 6oi, in that Behalf -By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf By Cash taken to answer Half a Year'^s Iqterest, due at Michaelmas 1747, being after the Rate of £. 3. io$. per Cent, per Annum on the principal Sum of £,1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Ad 180 Georgii 2dl; which Sum u to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in parliament, asptr Clause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf - -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty payable to his Majesty for Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors at Lady-day 1747, pursuant to the Ad 19* Georgii 2^, to answer £. 4 per Cert. pa % Annum Interest on £. 986,800 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament a % per Clause in the said Act, Page 161, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1747, pursuant to the Ad 180 Georgii 2d‘; to answer Annuities on Angle Lives, and other Annuities, at £.3 perCent. per AnnumLon £.2,000,000 charged thereupon; which Sum is to bereplacedto the Sinking Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 358, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties upon Glass, and upon Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1747, pursuant to the Ad 19° Georgii 2dl, to answer Annuities at £.4 per Cent. per Annum, on £. 3,000,000 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 291 and 292, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Skillings per Barrel on Sweets or Win.es, made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1747, to answer £. 3 per Cent. per Annum Interest on £. 500,000 charged thereupon, pursuant to the Ad 100 Georgii 2dl; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that Behalf -By Cash taken in further Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1747, pursuant to the Act 20° Georgii 2dl, Page 808, in that Behalf....

3

Triihi being the Fiftieth Hcilf-Yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 9* Georgii im!, Page 367, is humblypresented,

this 23d Day of November 1747, by me, J. ScropeK

Cr.

£ d.

9,000 ——

4*5oo ——

12,000 — — 225 — —

17,500 ——

16,362 8 5 29*765 19 5

34*177 7

13,660 18 6

406*957 12 lit

Us>

00

544,149 7}

V —

230 Novembris. ^.1747.

Account of Ship* p«r-

c ha fed for the Navy.

Supply.

a i Geo. II. 23" Noioemhris. 439

Ordered, That the said SurphiflVs do lie upon the Ta- An Account of the Charge for Tran (port Service for blc, to be peruled by the Members of the House. the Year 1747.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Mr. Dodington, Treasurer of the Navy, presented to The laid Account is as followeth; the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Navy-Office, An ACCOUNT of the Charge for Transport Service, for the Year 1747; prepared pu-suant 23d November 1747. $ to an Order from the Honourable H<.uic of Commons, dated the arid ir.stant,

NATURE OF THE EXPENCE.

For North America.

Freight ——

Hire of Vessels, and other Charges, attending the embarking and debarking the Forces ——

Salary to the I'erson acting as Agent ——

3

S U M.

z»*55 3

329 *7

238 7

d.

7

For Great Britain, Flaand Holland, Freight ——

Charge of Hammacocs, and Stores supplied to, and of Cabins, Stalls, Platforms, and other Conveniencies, built on board, the Transports, with the Exjx-nce of surveying them ——

Wharfage, Port-charges, and other Expences attending the Embarkation of Force, between Great Britain, Flanders, and Holland - -

Pilotage of Transports between Great B, , and Holland -. Purchase of Hay, Oats, and other Requisites; Hire of Sloops and Lighters for putting the same on board, and other necessary Charges on that Occasion Salary to the Persons acting as Agents ——

48,534 9 7

4*773 4 —

1,850 14 1

1,653 5 —

3.683 5 —

580 13 —

TOT XL.

L J* d.

33,423 7 7

58,073 8 8

C

91,496 x6 3

The Whole amounting to the Sum of Ninety-one thousand Four hundred Ninety-six Pounds

Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence, Rd. Haddock, Ja. Acworth,

Jof. Atlin, Dan. Devert,

- Will. Corbett, Alexander Geddes,

- J. Russell.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, , That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

to be perused by the Members of the House. ing next, r^solve iti'elf into a Committee of the whole

House, to copfider further of the Supply granted to his Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before'this Majesty.

House, an Account of such Ships or Vessels of the Enemy,

so far as are come to their Knowledge, that have been Or (fared. That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's purchased, and made Part of the Royal Navy, since the Navy^as it Rood.at Michaelmas last, belaid before this Commencement of this War; together with the Amount1 House., . of the Expence thereof. ' '

_ , . Mr, Secretary at War.prefyited to the House, pursuant

The Order of the Day being read; j to them Address to his Majesty,

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the . Estimate of the Charae of his Majesty's Guards, Garri-whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his fons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1748 *. And Majesty. jdfo*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.: r ' - Estimate of the Charge of, lus Majesty's Forces in the

Mr. F<vie took the Chair of the Committee*. ‘ Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1748:

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. ' And also,

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That, they Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marine r, had come to several Resolutions; which they had difetfbccl for the Year 1748. '

him to report, when the I Ioufe will pi case to receive the . And the Titles of the said Estimates were read, lame. , The said Estimates are as followeth t viz.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tommorrow!

Morning. '

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he' Was di- . c . 1

reeled by the Committee to move, That they may have ... . ' i

Leave to lit again. , . j

VOL 25.

Account of Charge for Transport Service.

Navy

Debt,

Army Estimates) It c»

44-0 13° Novem . 1747.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1748.

Horse.

First Troop of Guards Second D* -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Second D®

Royal Regiment of Guards

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards -Second D® -

Third D® -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Earl of Craufurd's- - - -Lieutenant-General Bland's Dragoons. / Sir Robert Rich's -Earl of Rothe's -

Sir John Cope's -

Lord Viscount Cobham's -Lord Mark Kerr's -Golonel Naizon's - -

His Royal Highness the Duke's

First Regiment of Foot Guards Second D® -

Third D° ....

FirstBattalion of Lieutenant-General Clair's Second D® -

LieutenantGenenlT^OTWtfjT/oztw^'sRegiment Lieutenant-General Barrs -

Lieutenant-General Guise's -

Lieutenant-General Wolfe's Late Brigadier Graham's - -

Lieutenant-General Skelts Regiment

Lieutenant General Pulte - -Major-General Price's - . -

Lieutenant-General Harr -

Lieutenant-General Hand - -

Major-General Mordaunt's - -

Lieutenant-General Charles Howard's Lord George Sackville's - -

Lieutenant-General Campbell's Lieutenant-General Hujke's -

Late Brigadier Houghton's Earl of Craufurd's - - 'r,

Lieutenant-General Blakeneys -

Lieutenant-General Braggs - .' - -

Lord Henry Beauc/erk's - -

Late Brigadier Donglajs' % -

Lieutenant-General Johnson's f-Major-General Cholmondeley's - -

Major-General Fleming's -Colonel DejCan's

Foot. /

-valids.

Lord John Murray's -

Colonel Lee's -Colonel Murray's

Colonel Lajctlle's -Colonel Conway's -Colonel Battereau's

Earl of Loudoun's -

Twelve Independent Companies

f Colonel Wardour's Regiment -

2, 25 Independent Companies

Numbers.

1S1

181

177

176

535

65*

435

435

538

538

538

538

538

538

435

435

435

435

2,903

1.866

1.866

977

I»,57

977

977

815

977

977

977

.977

815

8.5

815

8 i5 977 977 , 977 977

815

977

8*5

977

977

977

977

977

977

977

1,160

J 977 8*5 ' 8.5

977

*»*55'

1.045

1,38*

5l5

1,300

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies ——

Forage and Waggon-money to the Battalions in

Flanders ——

1,250

6,489

War-Office,

93 d November 1747.

TOTAL

, T

40.385

1,815

49,939

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 366 Days.

1- s. d.

16,95s — —

16,958 - —

10,900 14 —

10,772 12 —

36,118 2 —

29,058 *7 6

19,684 14 —

19,684 14 —

23,683 5 —

2.3,683 5

23,683 5

23,683 5 —

23.683 5 —

23,683 5

19,684 14 —

19,684 14 —

19,684 14 —

19,684 14 —

65,758 — —

42,642 1 —

42,696 19 —

18,132 5 —

20,047 *3

18,132 5 —

18,132 5

*5,2 59 3

18,13a 5 —

18,132 5 —

18,132 5 —

18,132 5 —

*5»259 3 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 n . O

*5,259 3 ",

*8,132 5 —

18,132 5 —

*8,132 5

18,132 5 —

*5,259 3

*8,132 5 —

*5,259 3 "

*8,132 5 "

18,132 5 —

18,132 5

.. .18,132 5 —

18", 132 5 —:

18,132 5 —

18,132 5 —

21,060 5 —

18,132 5 —

*5,259 3 —

*5,259 e> 0

18,132 . 5

20,248 19 —

19,126 11 —

23,716 16 —

9,933 *7 —

22,646 5 —

5

37,029 9 9

30,000 —

13,386 8 6y

tf. Fax.

TOTAL.

;£ r.

91,707 8 —

289,266 n 6

773,406 16 — 32,580 2 —

80,415 18

3r

1,267,376 15 9«

11 Geo. II. 23" Novmbris. _ 441

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his MajestyY PoroeSi in the Plantation*, Jakarta, for the Tear 1748.

In the PLANTATIONS.

General Dalzell's Regiment * - -

Lieutenant-General PMlipfn's - - -Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe's ——

Colonel Trelawney't ——

Four Companies at New York - -

One Company at Bermudas - - — *' -

One Company in the Island of Providence Three Companies at South Carolina ---

Gamfona at Annapolis Royal, Ganjb, , and- Jr.

7o5k -

Officers of the Garrison at Rattan -

At BRETON.

Major-General. Fuller's Regiment -

Colonel Warburton's -

Colonel Shirley's - -

Sir PVm. Pepperelts -

Officers of the Garrison of -

In MINORCA.

Lieutenant-General Wynyarcts Regiment Brigadier Off are#s Lieutenant-General Ans Colonel Kennedy's -

Officers of the Garrison " -

In GIBRALTAR.

Major-General Fowke's Regiment Lieutenant-General Hargrave's -Lieutenant-General Rea#s - -

Lord Tyravoley's - -

Numbers.

8*5

815

804

M57

445

58

*5°

345

Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 366 Days.

4 >589

Officers of the Garrison

Provisions for Lieutenant-General s Regiment in

Garrison at Annapolis Royal, Can/o, and Platentia, deducing 4 d.per Diem out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and private Man towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government ——

Provisions for the several Regiments-at Gibraltar Provisions for Lieutenant-General Oglethorp' % Regiment at ' Georgia ——

Provisions for the Companies at Rattan -

Provisions for the Independent Companies at Providence -Provisions for the Regiments at Cape Breton - -

8:5

8,5

815

8*5

Total

3,260

C'

IS>259 3 *5r*59 3 15>478 — 21,026 14 7»i0i 9,051

2 >47 3

5*846

S. d.

9}

TOTAL.

s.

8

5

11

»7

815 a<5 M44 1,144 * . 3*9*8 *5»*59 3 — *5»*59 3 — 20.108 13 — 20.108 13 —

- -

815. 15*59 3

815 - *5>259 3 —

815 ' - 15,259 —

815 - '5*59 3 —

3,260

15,027

*5*59 3 *5>4*3 *7 *5»259 3 I5>*59 3

2,839 7 11

24.000 — —

2.4+5 ,0 " 4,161 — —

456 5 —

24.000 ——

J m V -

c

83.5 57 r

2,878 9 9f

939 r-

rjl

"rif c

7°»735*

1,634 16 —

61,036

6.389

12 —

7" mT

6 i,20t 6'-

3*759' *7 9

57,962 2 11

35°»°34 14 if

War-Office, 23d November 1747.

Ax.

VOL. 2$.

Supply.

2 — z^-N&ve'mbris. 1747.

ESTIMATE of the Chalet otfTen Regiments'of Marines, for Lthe Year 1748/

Lieutenant-General Churchill*s Regiment Colonel Frafef*s Colonel Holmes % . - - -, ! -

Lord Viscount ‘Torrington*s - -.

Colonel Cochran* % -

Colonel Herbert*s! - - -; -

Lieutenant-General Cs Late Colonel Duncombe*s - - i -. Major-General Pvwlett' % -

ir Andrew Agnew' % _ -

Numbers.

T

I»I55

x»x55

!>i55

Gi55

'>l6S

M55

l>'iS

M55

M5f

11 >5$°

Alfowance to the Ten Colonels in Lieu of Cloiathing, to make their personal Pay£.800per Annum, about £.300 each - -

Cloathing the Ten Regiments of Marines, and Charges attending it

Contingencies

War-Office, November 23d 1747.

Pay of the Regiments

for 366 Days.

s. d.

i7»*85 16 9 i

17,185 16 9i

i7>»85 16 9i

x7*i85 16 9*

17,185 16 9f

17,185 16 9*

17,|85 16 9* 91-

17,185 16

17,185 16 9* 9*

x7»l85 16

3>°bo —

»6.7.3' 11 8

'Total -

TOTAL.

I- * d.

17G858 7 11.

19,731 11 8

.4,500 ——

196,089 19 7

H. Fox.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Ta- Then the said Resolution was, upon the Quell ion put ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Resolution of the Committee, being read a And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon. Morning,'Nine of the Clock. agreed to by the House.

Martis, 24* die Novetnbris;

Anno 2 l° Georgii 1I4‘ Regis, 1747.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Wjrj ing, resolve itself into a.Committee of the whole House, tndMcam. to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Prayers. , . The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for ^ravT

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Grefif Eftinutf, »Committee of the whole House, to whom it was Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Add re Is &<: referred to consider of the Supply granted to.his Majesty, to his Majesty,

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty'* Navy, for the repprt to the House: which he read in his Place; and Year 1748: And also,

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the An Account of the Expence of Victualling his Ma-fame were read; and are as followeth; viz.. jesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the Titles of the said Estimate and Account were That Forty thousand Men be employed for the Sea Ser- read.

vice, for the Year 1748, beginning the First of January The said Estimate is bound up with the other Papers 1747. of this Session.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the Abstract thereof, and also the said Account,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds per Man per are as followeth; viz.

Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Forty thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance

for Sea Service. . ....

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time

A Motion was made, and the Question- being put.

That the said Resolution be re-committed; lit passed in the Negative.

si Geo. II. 24* N&oen&fis,

A B S TR A CT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, foe the Year i 748

I- s. 1

15.897 I 3

3>968 I 8

3.507 7 2

3>l74 11 4

2,521 8 8

4,298 14 6

1,8x3 4 6

2,51© 10 6

IP

1. To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy; with the Secretaries, TOfficers, Clerks, and Instruments; and Contingencies relating thereto -

2. Superannuated Sea Officers

3. Pensions and other Allowances

4. C Chatham

5. Deptford -

6. y 1 J Woolwich ——

7. ar s. c Portstnouth ----- -- 4,298

8. Sheerness -

9. Plymouth ---*

ip. Muster-masters, and other Officers of the Out Ports 11. Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary I z. Victuals to the Officers and Men serving therein -

13. Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbdur Rigging ....

>4. Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, idc. ——

15, Half-Pay to Sea Officers ——

Total of the Ordinary Estimateof the Nary, for the Year 1748 -

To which may be added.

Towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital, for sick and wounded Seamen, near Gosport, in the Year 1748 ——

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at an additional Number of disabled Seamen taken, and to be taken, into it, who ate worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now One thousand Men maintained in the said Hospital j and also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for* carrying on the Buildings j and other Incidents of the said Hospital; for the Year 1748; Ten thousand Pounds -

c

£ d. 37»C ij 9 iq1 19,265 2 11

17,£25 16 8

<5.573 6 4

20,954 17 10 10,350 *5 10 22,159 ----- --->

61,185 ——

12, OCO — — _'i

208,827 9 5

10,000 —

10,00(5 — —

228,827 9 5

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1748, amounts to Two hundred Twenty-eight thousand Eight hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Five P;nce.

Rd. , fa. Acworth,

Jof. Allin, . Will.

Ex* per J. R. R. , Dan.

Alexander , J. Rufj'ell.

Aw

London, Victualling Office, the 23d of November 1747. ACCOUNT of the Expence of Victualling his Majesty's Land-Forces, for the Year 1747, prepared pursuant to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated the eift In (lane.

Salvage of Provisions, saved out of the Tcuelove Transport, loft-near Holy Island ... Expences attending the Landing Provisions lent to OJlend, for the Use of the Garrison there, in the Year 1745, the Account of which did not come to Hand till since the 31st December 1746 Expences attending the distributing Provisions to sundry Transports at ,&c.

Amount of Butter and Chcele, supplied the Molly Transport at Jersey -

Demorage on Cloathing for Soldiers at Port Mahon ——

Expence of victualling Soldiers and Prisoners on board the Prittcefs Anne Sloop, by Order of General Campbell ——

Amount of Water purchased for the Troops on board the Diamond Transport - -

Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transports, for victualling Soldiers in their Passage to and from Holland -

Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transports, on an Expedition under the Command of the late Admiral Lestock, Part of which was delivered in 1746, but not charged in that Year's Account, the Vouchers not being come to Hand ——

Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transports for victualling Soldiers in their Passage from Liverpool to' Ireland ——

Amount of Provisions issued to Bombardiers ——

Amount of Provisions sent to South BAueland, for the Use of the Forces there -Amount of Provisions issued to Soldiers in their Passage to -

Amount of 14 Days Provisions for 3,000 Men, of the proper Species, lent to Holland, to lerve them in their Passage to England -

Ex* per D. S.

F. H. Eyles Stiles, Richard Halt,

James Wallace^ W. Jenkins.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

VOL. 25.

William Davies, F. Vernon, H. Townshend,

s. d.

IO — I

38 18 IO

6 >3 —

11 >5 4

7 XI 3

214 >5 9

3 5

>7.759 8 —

21,029 2 —

688 — 11

>»253 4 —

1,020 *9 9

878 3 3

1,015 14 1

43.937 II 3.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrodf Morning, Nine of the Clock#

Coroner*

Fees*

4

35* Novembris.

41747'

Menurii, 25* dNavemhrii;

. Anno 21* Georgii Udi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

&4ft Ac MiJJy and Charles dc took the

Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization*

, A Petition of his MajestyS Coroners for the Town and County of Warwick, in behalf of themselves, "and the

rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in (his Kingdom of England, was prelected to the House,

and read; praying that the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Rawlinfott Earle presented to the House, pursuant Ordnance

to their Address to his Majesty, Estimwe.

Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1748.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followctb; viz.

E S TIM AT E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1748.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Ganrifons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of Eight Companies,

with the-Charge of the Academy, for their Instruction - - - J

Pay of an additional Company to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated September 1747 -

1

-y

Towards carrying on the For-' tifications. Building, and repairing Store-houses, and 1‘upplying Stores -

at/

Artillery People in the Art of making Fireworks, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in Council, dated 12 February 1746 -

Establishments at Mahon, Gibraltar, and North Britain - -.

Establishment at Rattan ——

Establishment for Newfoundland 1 viz.St, Carbotiniere,

Trinity Harbour, and Placentia ——

Establish raents at Louijbourg and Annapolis Royal -

Pay of Engineers sent to Georgia, South Carolina, Annapolis, Jamaica, and New York -

Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well,) in the Trains of Artillery, in Flanders, and on several Expeditions - J

EXTRAORDINARIES.

' Gibraltar -Mdhon -Annapolis -Placentia -

Rattan -

Louijbourg -

St. John's, Ferryland, Carbomtiere, and Trinity Harbour, in Newfoundland Towards erecting a new Fort at Inverness ——

Fort William -Fort Augustus

Edinburgh, Stirling, 'Dunbarton, and Castles Berwick -

Chester, Carlisle, Hull, and Scarborough Castles -Sheerness and Gillingham -Landguard Fort -

Dover, Deal, Walmer, and Sandovm Castles, Archcliff Fort, and Moats Bulwark -Portsmouth

South-Sea Gosport, Blockhouse

Fort, Castle, and Sandham Fort

Plymouth Citadel, St. Nicholas Island, Pendennis and St. Maw's, Castles -

Jerf and 5«//y Islands

Towards completing a new Fort and Battery at Point, enlarging

and repairing the old one at Portsea Bridge, near Portsmouth, and building Barracks, Guard-houses, Magazines, and Store-houses therein -Pay of Officers, Engineers, Miners, Artificers, and Attendants, with the Hire of Horses and Incidents, for the Train of Artillery in the Austrian Netherlands -

Towards answering our Quota to the Joint battering Train in the Netherlands, pursuant to Convention with the States General, oc\ Account -Pay of Commissaries, Condu&ors, Artificers, and Attendants, with the Hire of Horses, and Incidents, for the Train of Artillery in Scotland -Two hundred Tons of Saltpetre ... - -

C d.

> 3M35 7 6

' 27,940 — to

2,935 4 2

470 — —

9,767 2,428 10 15 S

CO 12 6

4,807 lS —

1,460 — — -

1,247 18 4

Towards rebuilding, enlarg- T ing, :and repairing, the For- >,at/ tifications and Barracks - J

s

1

S. d.

>764 3 9

IO, OCO ——

10,000 ——

10,000 -

6,000 ----- -\ ^9f000

2,000 — — -

25,000 ——

6,opo ——

c,oooo — —

5.000 ——

1.000 ——

3,300 ——

3,100 ——

7>°oo — r —

3.000 -

5.000 — —

5,600 ——

5.000 --- r-

4.000 — —

3.000 — —

4.000 — — -

5,200 — —

84.000 -

20.000 — —

) 47»°oo ___

J

124,300 _____

4,500

10,600

£ 342,064

3 9

J

2i Geo. II.

2 5° Novembrif.

EXCEEDINGS, for which no Allowance hath been made by

Parliament, 1747.

Railing and arming an additional Company to the Royal Regiment of Ar* 1 tillery, with the Pay of the fame* from 1 July to 31 Dteembtr 1747, pw* f suant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated September 1747 - - - J

Pay of the Establishment of the Laboratory at , for the Improve-

nient of the Artillery People in the Art of making Fireworks, from 1 / Jemmy 174b to 31 December 1747, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in I Council, dated ia February *746. - - - - J

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commissaries, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, with the Hire of Seven Transports, on the Expedition under the Command of Lieutenant-General St. Clair, for Five Months, to the 31 May 1747, the Time of their Discharge -

Pay of Commiflkries, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, with the 1 Hire of Horfos, and Incidents, for the Train of Artillery in Scotland, for > Six Months, to 31 December 1747 - - - - J

A Train of Artillery, fitted out on an Expedition under the Command of Rear Admiral Befeatuen, with the Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commtfiaries, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, from 1 August 1747 to 31 December 1748, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 27 October 1747 Pay of a Brigade of Engineers, and Company of Miners, ordered to join the' allied Army in the Adrian Netherlands, from 1 January 1746 to 31 December 1747, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 23 February 1746 Additional Supplies of Ordnance and Stores, sent for the Service of his Ma* ' jesty's Forces and Train of Artillery, in the Aujltian Netherlands; as also { Powder and flail sent to Zealand, and delivered tQ Major-General Hef/k, f pursuant to his Majesty's Order, dated 5 May 1747 - -

Ordnance and Stores lent for the better Security and Defence of tha Mand of Jamaica, in Lieu of those loft in the Ship King William, taken by the > French, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in Council, dated 3 June 1747 - J Ordnance, Powder, and StorCs, delivered for the Security and Defence, and"1 for the Supply of the following Places, pursuant to his Majesty's Orders in Council, dated 28 May, 15 January, and 12 February, 1746; 3 and 18 June, f July, and 7 August, 1747; viz.

Whitby, in Yorkshire -The Bermuda Islands -Charles Fort, in the Island of St.

The AUaydes of Tangier and Tetuan -The King of Sardinia, at Villa Franca - - - i

Powder loft by the Ship Successorunning ashore in the River Humber, pursuant 7 to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 19 December 1746 - - - - j

Arms delivered to Three Regiments of Dragoon Guards, Six Regiments of Foot, Two additional Companies to the Earl of s Regiment of

Foot, Three Independent Companies of Invalids at Plymouth, Twelve new raised Independent Companies of Foot, and Colonel Edward Trelawny's Regiment of Foot, doing Duty at Jamaica:

Also Arms delivered to several Regiments, in Lieu of those loft and taken at the Battle o f Liege, Bruges, Falkirk, Culloden,

and several Skirmishes in Flanders and Scotland, and loft by Fire at Chester le Street, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants and Orders, dated 3, 5, and *5 December, 15, 23, and 29 January, 13, 21, and 24 February, 24 March 1746; 1, 5, and 8 May, 17 June, 28 and 31 July, 12 and 29 August 1747 ——

Arms provided for the Use of the Marines, when on board the King's Ships, pursuant to his Majesty's Order in Council, dated 3 June 1747 -

1 —

10

345 t,5®6 9 29 9 3

44 8 —

303 10 4

-I

Tents, Bedding, and Barrack Utensils, delivered to his Majesty's Forces

and Garrisons; viz.

To his Royal Highness the Duke of C Regiment of Dragoons, Two Battalions of Foot Guards, the Welsh Fuzileers, Ten Regiments of Foot, Twelve new raised Independent Companies of Foot to complete the Battalions in North Britain, the Garrisons of Carlisle, Fort , )

and Jersey, pursuant to his Majesty's Orders and Warrants, dated 6 No- I vember, 26 December, 15 and 29 Januar5 and 21 , 21 March, J

1746; 1 May, 26 June; 28 and 31 July, 1747 - - . - - J

Additional Works for securing the Pier commonly called the Cobb, it Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated I

2 June 1747.....J

To the Magistrates and Town Council of Aberdeen, for Cannon, Small Arms, and Ammunition, by them provided, and which were loft during the late Rebellion; as also for Damages done to a large Hospital, by converting the same into a Fort, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 16 October 1747 -

To reimburse the Money issued to anfiver Bills of Exchange, drawn by Com- S modore Charles Knowles, for the immediate Defence and Security of f ijbourg, pursuant to his Majesty's Order, signified by his Grace the DukeL of Newcastle, 4 September 1746 - y

Voi.

I. s. d,

»>99* *7 4

47° ——

6,997 — 8

6»°79 4 3

40,090 3 3

3»674 6 8 34,101 6 3

*4>554 7

3,228 t8

84 ——

445

£ r.

*8,173 *5 —

*5.365 ——

5,605 12 11

400 — — 828 14 —

3,808 1 —

5X

To

44<*

25* — 26® Novembris.

159.565145

501,629 18 z

Wade, Tho.

A. Wilkinson, Charles,

W. R. Earle.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty?

Resolved, Th&t this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Way# The House resolved itself into a Committee of the »d Means, whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution s which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholo House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Novembris 5

Anno 2i* Georgii IId* Regis, 1747.

Praters,

THE Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Estimitc executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as, it flood on 30th September 1747.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read;

The said Estimate is as followeth i viz.

2i Geo. II.

2 6° Novembris.

447

Navy-Office,) An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter-26th November 1747. \ mentioned, as it flood on the 30th September 1747.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, isc. supplied for the Service thereof -To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course> for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, tAc. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 30th September 1747; as also to several Bilk of Exchange ——

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf -

Seamen's Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, idc. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 30th September 1747 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Ncccflaries, Bounties toWidows and Orphans of Men flam at Sea, fs (e. ——

Yiftualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

viz.

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid torh September 1747 -

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports - -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of lick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating rp r he laid Service The Total amounts to the Sum of Five million Seven hundred and Ten thousand Six hundred and Eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence _ - - 2 -:

From whence deducting the Money in the>

Treasurer's Hands, " - - - ( -

And also the Money that remained to come f as on the otherSidc-in of the Supplies of the Year - J - -: -

The Debt will then be Four million Seven hundred Fifty-One thousand Two hundred and Seven Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence-Halfpeny - -

N. B. In this Debt is included for Freight of Transportrbetween ‘ill January 1746, and 30th September 1747 And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between ill January 1746, and 30th September 1747, amounts to - -

For which Sum of £. 123,136. 1 no Provision has been made

by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for last Year,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be Four million Six hundred Twenty-eight thousand and Seventy Pounds Five Shillings and Four Pence Halfpenny - L -

TOTAL.

s.

1 *493*593 "

16,938 13

5

5

'73*07 3 ——

355*34': -

18,000 — —

382,042 14 11 2,409,010 ——

23,568 17 3

>1,036,945 13 i#

2,844,621 12 2

21,000 — — 654,781 — 9

47*39® 5

18,726 16

33*53^ 6

> 7?5»44a 9 4

173*208 18 78^192 15

r

63,599 ——

5,710,608 15 4

959,401 13 nf

4,751,207

4f

79*99 4 9

43*937 a 3

123,136 16 —

Geo. Dodin Ja. Acworth, Dan. Devert,

R. 0/btm,

Ret. Haddock,

J* AM*

Will.Corbett, Alexander Geddts.

4,628,070 5 4$

W ---

Vol. 25.

Memorandum

o

CO

n'

CD

Q_

cr

t

oo

Memorandum t THERE was renaming in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 30th September 1747, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

la wJbat TREASURERS Hind*. In MONEY. On the Heads af TOTAL.

r Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transporu. Seamen's Wages. Victualj.

Executors of Thomas Qlutterhuk Esquire Executrix of Sir Charles Wager - - - . William Catlett Esquire - - r -. - - Right Honourable Sir John Rushout Baronet Right Hon. George Dfdhtgtou Esquire - - . r - 1 - ' f In Money - - - - D°, towards the Debt for side and wounded Seamen In Money ----- -- D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen: In Money - - - -; jy, towards the Deist for lick and wounded Seamen < . , In Money - - -< D % towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen In Money - D°, towards 'the Debt for tide and wounded Seamen £ s. d. 2,907 10 7i 2,211 13 6 m m m 4,055 10 — 8,175 12 9I m m m 3»,646 9 8f £ a. 7x5 1,051 19 4* 556 6 8,633 12 a 1,748 10 9 15 9f 665 18 — 73,098 2 IO} *3>llS 9i £. s. d. 152 8 nij 37 17 98 1 8 1,826 10 8 j 23>495 *4 7 J £. 3>775 *6 1 3*858 3 *6 *4>535 *4 ll 10,683 *4 H *40,355 9

47,996 16 99,601 8 94 25,610 12 n{ 173,208 18 4i a

- I: - , JV.J 9.There remained on the 30th September last to come in of the Supplies of the Year 1747 £-786,192 15 7

26° Novembris. 1747.

Ways ami Meant.

Tregony

Election.

2iGeo. IL 166 — 27

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Kefoiution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day o 1748, he further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight, to the 24th Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine.

The said Kefoiution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Kefoiution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Leg^e, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. , and Mr. It ±J., do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John Kirri/l Esquire was presented to the IIoulV, and read; letting forth. That at the late Election of Burgesses to terve for this present Parliament, for the Borough of Tregony, in the county of ,

which was on the First Day of July 174 7, the Petitioner, William Trevannion Esquire, Claudius Esquire,

and the Honourable John Bligh Esquire, were the Candidates; and that John Hennah presided as Mayor, and was the Returning Officer of and for the said Borough: That the said John Hetmah, from an undue Influence of the said Mr. Trevannion and Mr. Amyand, during the Time of the said Election, behaved in a partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner, and admitted many Persons to vote for the said Mt.Trevmmion and Mx.Amyand, Vi\\o had no Right ot voting, and rejected the Votes of many Persons, who were legally intitled to vote, and who offered to vote for the said Mr. Blighand the Petitioner, at the said Election; and that the said John Hennah, in many other ln-stances, behaved in an arbitrary and illegal Manner, as well before as during the Time of the said Election: That a noble Lord and Peer of Parliament did concern himself with, and endeavour unduly to influence, the Choice of Representatives for the said Borough, by solliciting Votes in Person, on the Behalf of the fitting Members, publickly going about from House to House for that Purpose, in manifest Violation of the Rights and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain; and that the said Mr. Bligh and the Petitioner, at the said Election, severally bad a Majority of legal Votes, and were duly elected, and ought to have been returned Burgesses to represent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and yet, by the Means aforesaid, and of divers other corrupt, partial, arbitrary, and illegal Practices, carried on by the said Mr. Trevannion and Mr. Amyand, and their Agents, they the said Mr. Trevannion and Mr. Amyand have procured themselves to be returned as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice and Wrong of the Petitioner: And alleging. That, at the Time of the said Election and Return, the said 'Claudius Amyand was not qualified to be elected and returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, nor to fit or vote as a Member of this House, not having, at the Time of the said Election, an Estate, fn law or Equity, to or for his own Ule and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above . Vox-25.

' Novembris. 449

what will satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that may affect the fame, of the annual Value of £.300 above Reprizes, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for feenring the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to (it in the House of Commons; and therefore insisting that the pretended Election and Return of the said Claudius Amyand are void: And further alleging. That the said William Trevannion was, at the Time of the said Election and Return, a Minor, under the Age of 21 Years, and, for that Reaion, all'o objecting and iolilting that the said Election and Return of the said William Trevannion are like wife void, according to an Act of Parliament, made for that Purpose, in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 3d, intituled, An Act for the further regulating of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in eleding and returning such Members: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Monday the Twenty-second Day of next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2 7° die Novembris;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

A/fR. Fane presented to the House, according to JLV1 Order, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1748: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing C*far de Mijfy and Charles de Mijfy, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mr. Willes, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Edmund , Colonel

Leighton, Mr. Lascelles , Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Selwyn, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Fellomes, Mr. Tuckfeild, Mr. War-

burton, Mr. Barne, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Howard, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Carter, Sir Robert Abdy, Mr. Saville, Mr. Belehier, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Marlon, Lord Parker, Mr. Amyand, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Turner, Mr. Colleton, Mr< Lockyer, Mr. Edwin, General Handafyde, Mr. Anjou, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Webb, Mr. Glattville: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize foreign Protestants: And that Mr. Nugent and Mr. Hampden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Petrs and George Speke Esqulres was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

5 Y That

Supply Bill; Duties on Malr, &c.

Mifly's Nat.

Foreign Protestant* Nat.

Welb

Election.

Wells

Election*

Supply.

450 2j° — 30° Novembris. A.. 747

v

That the Petitioners, together with the Honourable George Hamilton and Francis Gwyn Esquires, stood Candidates at the last Election for the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset , and that the Petitioners were duly elected by a Majority of legal Votes; but that, notwithstanding, William Keates Esquire, Mayor of the said City or Borough, who presided at the Poll at the said Election, did refuse to allow the greater Part of the Votes, who are and were legally qualified to vote, and who tendered their Votes for the Petitioners; and did admit several Persons to vote for the said George Hamilton and Francis Gwyn, who were not legally qualified to vote; and that thereby, and by many other indited and illegal Practices, the said George Hamilton and Francis Gwyn have procured themselves to be returned, as duly elected, to fefve in this present Parliament, in manifest Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as shall be thought necessary.

A Petition of the Freemen of the City of Wells, in the County of Somerset(who have been admitted to their Freedom, in One of the Seven Companies within the said City, being the reunto legally intitled) whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also p re fen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City is in the Mayor, Masters, Burgesses, and Freemen, of the said City, who are admitted to their Freedom in any of the Seven Companies within the said City, being the reunto intitled, by Birth, Servitude, or Marriage; and that at the last Election of Citizens or Burgesses, to serve in this present Parliament for the said City or Borough, the Petitioners were legally and rightfully intitled to vote: And-complaining of the Behaviour of William Keate, the Mayor and Returning Officer of and for the said City and Borough, at the said Election, and of the Return of the Honourable George Hamilton Esquire, and Francis Gwyn Esquire, as Citizens or Burgesses, to represent the said City or Borough in this present Parliament, in Violation of the Rights of the Petitioners: And alleging, That George Speke Esquire, and William Peirs Esquire, had respectively, at the said Election, a much greater Number of legal Votes-than either the said Mr. Hamilton or Mr. Gwyn, and therefore ought to have been returned: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of thfc Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petitions vbe heard, at the Bar of this House, upon the Tenth

Day of March next.

The. Order of the Day being read, for tire House to refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fprther of tire Supply granted to-his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplus, dated at Lady-day 1747, be referred to' the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplus, fluted at Michaelmas 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1748', be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charge for Transport Service for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expence of Vi&uaL ling his Majesty's Land Forces for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's

Navy, as it stood on 30th September 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1709 (which Estimate was presented to this Houseupon the 26th Day of November 1708) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1710 (which Estimate was presented to this House upon the 21ftDay o {N 1709) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy for the Year 1726 (which Estimate was presented to this House upon the 28th Day of January 1723) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several llesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 30° die Novembris j

Anno 210 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747.

Pit A V E RS.

A PETITION of William Byshop, One of the late Presiding Capital Bailiffs of the Borough of Port, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are Nine Capital Bailiwicks within the said Borough; and that by ancient and immemorial Usage, Two of the Capital Bailiffs of the said Bailiwicks preside each Year, as head Officers, according to a certain and known Rotation, and are called Presiding Capital Bailiffs: That the Petitioner was One of tht>Presiding Capital Bailiffs, to whom the Execution and the Return of the Precept for electing Members to serve in the present Parliament, did of Right belong; and that the Petitioner presided at the late Election of Members to represent the said Borough, in the present Parliament; and that Michael Harvey, Jeffery , Thomas Medljcotti, and Charles Churchill, Esquires, were Candidates to represent the said Borough.} and that a Poll was there pub* lickly taken by the Petitioner} and that t>he said Michael Harvey and Jeffery French had a Majority of legal Votese That the Petitioner, together with several other Bailiffs, Commonalty Stewards, Burgesses, arid Eledors, of the said Borough, by Indenture, under the common Seal of the said-Borough, as hath been usual in such Cases, returned the said- Mr. French and Mr. Harvey duly elected to serve as Burgesses for the said Borough, in this present Parliament; which Return the Petitioner annexed to the Sheriff's Precept, and delivered the Precept and Return to the said Sheriff; who accepted the fame, and executedOne Part of the said Indenture, and delivered the same to the Petitioner: That the said Sheriff hath since accepted another Return of the said Thomas Medlycott and Charles Churchill, as duly elected, from Arthur Anfly the Younger (who took, orcaufed to be taken, another Poll at the said Election, as being, or pretending to be. Deputy, or Sub-Biiiliff, of the said Borough, and without any legal Right or Authority (o to do) which is mentioned to be fnadfe between the Capital Bailiffs, and their Deputies; the Commonalty Stewards, and the Inhabitants; of

tho

"Mil borne-PortEJcctioik

J

z i Geo. II. 30° Novem 451

the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, of the one Part, and the said Sheriff of the other Part, and concludes, that the Capital Bailiffs and their Deputies, the Commonalty Stewards, and the Inhabitants, of the said Borough, had ftttheir Hands, and affixed their common Seal, thereto; whereas in Truth no Presiding Capital Bailiff or any Commonalty Steward, executed the fame; nor is the common Seal of the Borough thereto affixed, as is requiftte; nor does the said Arthur Anfty subscribe himself as, or to be, Bailiff or Sub-Bailiff, of the said Borough: All which Actions of the said Arthur A, the Petitioner alleges are in Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right, and the Right of the said Borough: And therefore prays. That the House will be pleased to take the said Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioner l'uch Relief, as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the House shall proceed to the Hearing of the Merits of the Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown, who is ordered to attend this House Tomorrow Morning with the Return of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Milborne-Port, in the County of Somerset, do then also bring him with that Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament, for the said Borough, which was made in the Year 1741.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Burge(Tes of the Borough of Tregony, in the County of ,whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners had, a> Inhabitants of the said Borough, a legal Right to vote at the last Election of Burgesses, to serve in this Parliament, for the said Borough: And complaining of the Behaviour of John Hennah, who presided as Mayor and Returning Officer of and for the said Borough, at the said Election; and of divers illegal Acts practised by William Trevannion and Claudius A Esquires, or their Agents, and of the Return of the said Mr. Trevannion and Mr. Amyand, as BurgdTes, torepresent the said Borough in this present Parliament; and that, in Violation of the Privileges, as well of the Petitioners as of the rest of the Commons of Great Britain, a noble Lord or Peer of Parliament did endeavour unduly to influence the Choice of Reprelcntatives for the said Borough, by (blliciting Votes in P< rfon, on the- Behalf of the Sitting Members, as his Friends, openly going about from House to House for that Purp Ac :And alleging. That the Honourable John Bligh Esquire, and John Kirrill Esquire, had at the said Election each a Majority of legal Votes, and ought to have been returned; and that the said Clandius Amyand was not qualified to be cledled, nor is qualified to fit and vote as a Member of this House, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Amu, intituled, An Act for fccu ring the Freedom of Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to fit in the House of Commons; and that the said William Trevannion mas, at the Time of the said Election and Return, a Minor, and under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And therefore infilling that the Election and Return of the said Claudius Amyand and William Trevannion are void: And praying. That the House will be pleased to take the same into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same Time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of John Kirrill Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

A Petition of Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire was V01. 25.

presented to the House, and read; felting forth. That at the late Hied ion of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of the Pe-

titioner, together with the Right Honourable Sir William Tange Baronet flood Candidates; and that, a few Days before the Election, John Heath Esquire. likewise declared himself a Candidate lor the said Borough: That one William Gill, an Attorney, Father in-Law to the said John Heath, publickly made Interest for the said John Heath, notwithstanding his being Comptroller of the Customs in the Port of Lit>erf>ooland Chest and by Threats, Pro-

rmf.s, and oilier illegal Methods, prevailed on many to vote lor the said John Heath, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that the said John Heath, in order to procure himself to be returned, did poll many who were Inmates, Paupers, and Minors; and also kept many of the Voters imprisoned in Ids own House, for several Days before the Election, and brought them drunk to the Place of polling; permitting such only to come there, who agreed to vote for him, but keeping many others, who would have voted for the Petitioner, drunk, and in Confinement, till after the Election was over: That the said John Heath, in order to carry these his illegal Designs into Execution, did, by himself and his Agents, hire a Mob ol dissolute Fellows, from all the neighbouring Villages; and, under Pretence of getting them appointed Constables, to keep the Peace, did, in fact, by their means, prevent many from coming up to the Place of polling, who were known to be in the Petitioner's Interest; and that by thele, and many other illegal Practices of the said John Heath and the said William Gill, the said John Heath has been returned, together with the said Sir William Tongc, to represent the said Borough,

in the present Parliament, although the said John Heath has no Right thereto, as well for that the Petitioner had a Majority of legal and unbiafled Votes, as for that the said John Heath is not qualified, within the true Intent and Meaning of an A<fl, passed in the Ninth Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, to fit and vote in Parliament: And therefore praying the iloufe, That they will be pleased to take the Premtles into Consideration; and grant the Petitioner such Relief, as to the House shall kem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of John Voyce Mayor, Thomas and Samuel Scarlyn Aldermen, and several of the Common Council, and other Burgesses, of the Borough of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, whose Names are thereunto subscribed.on Behalf of themselves and other Burgesses of the said Borough, who have a Right to vote in the Election of Members to Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That at-the Election of Buigcfles to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, which came on the First Day of July last, Thomas reau, John Robinson, apd Richard Rigby Esquires, wereCan-dictates; when a Poll being taken, tie Numbers were. For Mr. Fonnereau - - - 436 i Fqr Mr. Rigby - - - A32

And for Mr. Robinson - - 339

That, previous to the Time of polling, the said Mr. Rigby did, by many unlawful, indirect, and corrupt Practices, by himself, or his Agents, procure a great Number of Votes; particularly, that the said Mr. Rigby did publickly, and tn Defiance of the Law, offer and promise to several Voters Two Guineas each, provided they gave him their Angle Votes; and that the said Mr. Rigby, or his Agents, did, by Menaces, Threats, and Acts of Violence, deter and prevent a great Number of Persons, who would have voted for the said Mr. Robinson, from coming to poll; that many, of the Voters for Mr.

Jon were assaulted, and others who would nave voted for him were prevented from coming to poll, by several Boxers, and Prize-fighters, brought from London and

other

Honiton

Election.

Sudbury

Election.

j- 452 20° Novem 'A. 1747.

other Places, who a£(ed Under the Direction of Mr. Rigby, or his Agents; and that the unwarrantable Proceedings of the said Mr. Rigby, and his Agents and friends, did intimidate the lieturning Officer, and influence his Conduct, during the time of the said Election; and that many Persons were admitted to Vote for the said Mr. Rigby, although they had no Right, and the Votes of several others who had a Right, and offered to poll for the said Mr. Robinson, were, upon unreasonable Pretences,

refuted; by all which Means the said Mr. Rigby did procure a pretended Majority in his favour, allhough the legal Majority of Votes was in favour of the said Mr.

Robinson; who therefore ought to have been returned with the said Mr. Fonnereau: And therefore, a* the Pesi-tioners conceive they are, with respect to the said Mr. Rigby, unduly represented in Parliament, praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation; and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Worccitcr A Petition of the several Freemen of the City of Kiedioo. tester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and several other Freemen of the said City, was pretented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Right of electing Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament is in the Freemen of the said City claiming their Freedom by Birth or Servitude; and that the Mayor and Common-Council of the said City, in whom the Power of admitting Persons to their Freedom is veiled, have, in several instances, more particularly with a View to the last general Election of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament, abuted their Trust, by admitting great Numbers of Persons into the Freedom of the said City, called honorary Freemen, who had no previous Right thereto by Birth or Servitude, or everexercised any Trade, or contributed to the Taxes, or bore any Offices in the said City, or made any other Use of their Freedom but the attempting to out-vote the Majority of the legal Freemen in the Choice of Citizens to represent the said City in Parliament: That Thomas Geers Thomas

Vernon, and Robert Tracy Esquires, being, at the last general Election, nominated Candidates to lerveas Members in this present Parliament for the said City, a Poll was demanded; during which, several of the Common-Council of the said City publickly declared, that, if the Hundred honorary Freemen they had then lately made would not carry the said Mr. Election, they

would make Five hundred; and, if that would not do. Five thousand more such Freemen against another Election; and that they have accordingly since proceeded to make a considerable Number more of such honorary Freemen; and that, in order togive the said Mr. the

Appearance of a great Majority at the Beginning of the Poll, the Voters for him were, during the Three First Days of the Poll, conveyed in great Numbers into the upper Rooms of the Guildhall of the said City, and from thence brought down to the Bar by a Back-door to poll; whereas none of the Freemen, who were willing to vote 4or the said Mr. Tracy, were permitted to come to vote, but by the publick front Door of the Hall, through the Street; where several of them were insulted by a Mob of Persons in the Interest of the said Mr. who,

by Force and Violence, prevented many of the said Freemen from polling at the said Election for the said Mr. Tracy: And complaining of the partial and illegal Proceedings of Joseph Hundley, the Sheriff and Returning Officer of the said City, in the Comfe of the said Elec-vtton; and that the Poll was closed in an arbitrary Man-ier, contrary to the Consent and express Protest of feve-

fal of the Petitioners, and a great Number of the other Freemen of the said City who had not polled, and even while One of the Freemen was actually taking the Oaths in order to poll, and while a great Number of other Freemen were in Court ready and waiting to be polled for the said Robert Tracy\ and that the said Joseph Hundley, in an arbitrary Manner, withoutcafting uptheClerks Books, declared, that the said Mr. IVinford was duly elected;

And alleging, That the said Robert Tracy had on the Poll a Majority of upwards of Twenty Votes more than the said Mr. IVinford', and that, had the Sheriff' kept the Poll open as he ought to have done, the li'd Robert Tracy would have polled many more Votes: That by Threats,

Briber)', and other corrupt and ilieg :il Practices, several of the Freemen of the said City were prevented from voting for the said Robert Tracy Esquire; and many others were, by the like Means, prevailed upon to vote for the said Mr. IVinford: and that the said Sheriff hath since unduly returned the said Mr. IVinford as One of the Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the said City:

And further setting forth, That several of the Petitioners, being thus deprived, by the Injustice of their Returning Officer, of their Franchise of voting at the said Election, and they, and the rest of the Petitioners, being thereby prevented from being represented in Parliament by Members of their own chusing, think themf-lyes obliged to apply to this House for such Redress to themselvesas may be agreeable to the Nature of their Cafe; and for such Punishment to be inflicted on the said Joseph Hundley, and his Accomplices, as the Heinousness of the Offence, and the Danger of the Example, demands: And therefore praying the House to take the Premites into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same that the Matter of the Petition of Robert Tracy Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, is appointed to be heard.

A Petition of the Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Bo- Wotton-

rough of Wotlon-Ba£et, in the County of Wilts, was pre- BafletEfcc.

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the tion> Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament came on before John Fork, Mayor of the said Borough, on the 29th Day of June last, when Robert Neale Esquire,

Paul Jodrell Esquire, Martin Madde Esquire, and William Breton Esquire, were Candidates; and that the said Mayor, who is the Returning Officer of the said Borough, was, by undue Influence, predetermined in all Events to return Mr. Madden One of the Members; and, to that end, did fhfcw gross Partiality during the time of taking the Poll, and did pay implicit Obedience to the corrupt Dictates and Directions of the Friends and Agents of the said Mr. Madden: That the said Mayor admitted several Persons, who had no Right of voting, to poll for the said Mr. Madden and Mr. Breton; and at the same time refused the Votes of several others, duly qualified, whq offered to poll for the said Mr. Neale and Mr. Jodrell-, and that the said Mayor shewed great Preference to the Voters of the said Mr. Madden and Mr. Breton, and admitted them first to poll; and having, by these, and other unwarrantable Means, contrived and procured for the said Mr. Madden a Majority against the said Mr. Jodrell, notwithstanding the re were present Twenty-five Persons, duly qualified, who tendered their Votes for the said Mr.

Neale and Mr. Jodrell; yet he, the said Mayor, refused. to poll them, and then did arbitrarily, partially, and illegally, without the Consent of the said Mr. and

Mr. Jodrell, and without the usual Proclamations, finally dole the Poll, and declare the said Mr. Madden and Mr.

Neale duly elected Members for the said Borough; whereas, if the said Mayor had fairly taken the Poll, he mull have declared the said Mr. Neale and Mr. Jodrell duly eiedted: All which Proceedings of the said Mayor, the Petitioners allege, are highly injurious to them, and a great Violation of the Freedom of Election: And rhen.-

8uJ tnry Ekctxou.

Gmt Bed win Ekftioa.

it Geo. II. 30 Novembris.453

fore pray the House to tjke the Ptemilcs into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

A Petition of several Freemen of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Freemen of the said Borough, who have a Right to vote in the Election of Members of Parliament, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at the late general Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, whitli came on the First Day of July lait, Richard Rigby, John Robinson, and Thomas reau. Eliquires, were Candidates; and that the said Thomas Fonnereau, and his Agents, together with John Gent,

Mayor of the said Borough, and others, did by many illegal, indirect, partial, arbitrary, and corrupt Practices, procure many to vote for the said Thomas Fonnereau; and did intimidate and obstruct others from giving their Votes at the said Election; and that the said John Gent did unjustly return the said Thomas Fonnereau-, infomuchthat the Petitioners conceive themselves deprived of their just Right of being truly represented in Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be au Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time that they hear the Matter of the Petition of John Voyce Mayor, Thomas Newman and Samuel Scarlyn

A Mermen, and several of the Common-Council, and other Burgesses, of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk, whose Names ate thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and other Buigeffes of the said Borough, who have Right to vote in the Election of Members to Parliament, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

A Petition of several of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Messuages within the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, who are, and at

the last Election for that Borough were, legally intitled to vote for Members of Parliament for the said Borough, and whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the last general Election, Lajcells Metcalfe Esquire, William S/oper Esquire, Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, flood Candidates to represent the said Borough in Parliament; and that the Petitioners voted for the said Lajcells Metcalfe and William Sloper, who were duly elected by a great Majority of legal Votes, and who only ought to have been returned as Burgesses for the said Borough: That before, at, and after, the said Election, the said Sir Edward Turner, William Scott, and James Feild the Portreeve and Returning Officer for the said Borough, and the Agents of the said Sir Edward Turner and William Scotty and others, for and on their behalf, were guilty of many corrupt and unlawful Practices, to the Prejudice of the said Lajcells and William

'S/oper, and of the'Rights and Liberties of the said ancient Borough; and that the said James Feild did, in the most arbitrary and illegal Manner, admit several Persons to poll, at the said Election, for the said Sir Edward Turner and Mr. Scott, who had no Colour of Right at all to vote; and did also refuse to admit several other Persons to poll, who had an undoubted Right to vote at the said Election, and who offered to poll for the said Lajcells Metcalfe and William Sloper; and that the said James Feild, being influenced by the Promii'es and Persuasions

Vol. 25.

of the said Sir Edward Turner and William Scott, and their Friends, was induced, contrary to all Justice, to make a Double Return, by means whereof the Petitioners are not effectually represented in this Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, at the same time that the Matter of the Petition of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and William Sloper F.squire, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, and of the said Double Return, is appointed to be heard.

Ordered, That Mr. James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough, at the said Election, do attend this House upon Thursday the Third Day of December next.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported,' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth 5 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eight thousand Eight hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1748, including Half-pay to Sea Officers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn opt and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital for sick and wounded Seamen near G of port, for the Year 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ninety-one thousand Four hundred Ninety-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three-Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Freight of Transportsin the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-three thousand Nine hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of Victuals provided for his Majesty'sLand Forces in the Year 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One Million, be granted to his Majesty, towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to answer One Year's Interest due at Michaelmas 1747, after the Rate of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the principal Sum of One million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from 1753, towards the Supply for the Year 1745.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred and Eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at 1746.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Three hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Five* Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors, at Lady day 1747.

2 Resolved,

Supply.

Supply.

454 5 0° Novembris. — 6° Decembris. A. 1747.

kefolvid.That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make rood the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer *747.

Resolved, Thai it is the Opinion of this. Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-four thousand One hundred and Seventy-seven Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glafe and spirituous Liquors at Midsummer 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Six hundred and Si^ty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum. not exceeding Three hundred Forty-two thousand and Sixty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Fifty-nine thousand Five hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Five Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for de<-staying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land.Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The First llesolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the salt} llesolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rtiers for the Yeas, } 54-

439.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolutton was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question fe-. verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Ten Regiments of Marines, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had cHrectea him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Comirittee tions be adjourned. of Prmkges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock. '

Martisy 1° die Decembris;

Anno 2i° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747.

Praters.

THE Right Honourable Sir Conyers Knight Ricfcmoai

of the Bath, Comptroller of his Majesty's House- w,it* hold, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of York, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Richmond, in the feme County, made his Election to serve for the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, iq the Toom of the said Sir Conyers D'A

The Honourable Philip Yorke Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for WrU* the County of Cambridge, and also a Burgefe for the Borough of Ryegate, in the County of , made his

Election to serve for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ryegate, in the County of in (he room of the said Mr. Yorke.

Sir John Cttjl reported from the Committee, to whom Mlfly' % the Bill for naturalising Cafar de and Charles de Mijfy, was committed.That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

The Right Honourable John Hobart Esquire, com<-monly called Lord Hobart, being chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Norwich, and also a.Burgess for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the City of Norwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the -Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Ives, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Lord Hobart.

Sir Charles Wyndham Baronet, being chosen a Burgefe CoAttmtmA to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wr"* Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumberland, made his Eiection to serve for the Borough of Taunton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speakerdo issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the EleCling of a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cockermouth, in the County of Cumber-and, in the room of the said Sir Charles Wyndham.

The Honourable Richard Leveson Gower Esquire, be- Taviftocte ing chosen a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament Writ., for the City of Litchfield, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the City-of Litchfield.

17

21 Geo. II.

k' Decefnbris.

455

C«nrf ntry

Writ.'

Supply nil!; Datiri on Malt, tu.

Plympton Eanc Writ.

feimford

Writ.

Pembroke

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do iffua his Warrarit to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ* for the Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tav in the County of Devon, in the room of the said Mr. Leveson Gower.

The Right Honourable William Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount ,being chosen a

Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough ef Bwy St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk, and also a Citizen for tlte City of Coventry, made his Election to serve lor the Borough of Bury St. Edmunds.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the EJecting of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, in the room of the said Lord Viliount Peterjkam.

A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mom, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, lor the Service of the Year 1748, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House wiH, Upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Honourable George Edgcumbe Esquire, who is now at Sea in his- Majesty's Service, signifying. That he, being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Cornwall, and allb a Burgess for the Borough-of Plymfton Earle, id the County of Devon, makes his Choice to lerve for the Borough of Fotoey,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make Out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Bmgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in the County of Devon, in the room of the said Mr. Edgcumbe.

The Honourable Richard Edgcumbe Esquire,.bcingcho-fcn a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Le/twithiell, in the County of and

*Jfo a Burgess for the Borough of Earle, in the County of Devon, made his Election to serve for the Borough of Ltftxvithiell.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Plympton Earle, in tire County of Devon, in the room of the said Mr. Edgcumbe.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Lord who ishiridered-

bySickness from attending the House, signifying, Thathe, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this pfefent Parliament for the County) of Rutland, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, makes his Election to serve for the County or Rutland.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue' his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a JJurgds to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, in the room of the Right Honourable Brownlow Cecil Esquire, commonly called Lord Burghley.

William Oxien Esquire, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to lerve in this present Parliament lor the County of Pembroke, and allb a Burgess for the Borough of Pembroke, in the liune County, made his Election to lerve for the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Vol. 25.

Clerk of the CroWn, to make otit a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgeft to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pembroke, in the County of Pembroke, in the room of the said Mr.

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in his Majesty's Prison of King's Bend and Fleet, on the beiialt of themselves, and others the poor confined Debtors in the several and respective Prisons within that Part of his Majesty's British Dominions called England, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distrds: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday the Eighteenth Day of January next.

Otdered, Tftiat such Members as- shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Insolvent

Debtors.

Cell of the House.

.exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this1 Account of House, an" Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Spe- Corn, Ac. cies thereof, exported from Great Britain from Michaelmas 1744, to Michaelmas 1747. distinguilliing teach Year, together with ark Account of the Bounty paid thereupon*1 and allb an Account of the Places born and to which the same were exported.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, ah Account of the Quantity of Butter arid Cheese exported from Great Britain from Michaelmas 1740, to Michaelmas 1747, distinguishing each Year, and also a a*

Account of the Places from and to which the same were expbrted.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from the Honourable Edward Bofcawen Esquire, who is now at' Sea in his Majesty's Service, fig-nitying. That he, being elected a; Burgess to serve in this* present Pari tariff at for the Borough of Truro, in the County of CotinoaU, and also a Burgess for the Borough-of Saltash, in the same County, makes his Choice to1 serve for the Borough of Truro.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do! issue his Warrant t<d the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the/ Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Pc-rliameoT for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in' the room of the bad Mr. Bofcawen.

Mr. Fane, according to Oder, reported, from the Committee of the whole House,- to whom it: was referred* to consider further of the Supply, granted to his Majesty* the Resolutions which the Committee had directed' him' to report to the House'; which tib read iri his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the* same were read ;i and are as followfcth; viz.

Resolved, That it- is the Opinidn of this Committee,1 That a Number of Land Fotces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting, to Forty-nine thou-' sand Nine hundred Thirty-nine effective Men, Commit- floa and Non-commiflidn Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Ychr .174®.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum; not exceeding.One- million Two hundred Sixty-seven thousand'Three hundred Seventy/-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nire: Pence ThrCe Farthings, be* granted to his Majesty, for defraying! the Charge of the' Forty-nine thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-nine effective Men, for tire Year 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not-exceeding Three hundred Fifty, thousand and Thirty-four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and One Peny Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, foe maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisonrs in the . Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions1 for the Garnfons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gribral-

tar, Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the Year1 1748-

Resolved,

Sahafh

Writ.

Supply-

i° — 2" Decembris.

45

Resolvesd , That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty Marines, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, employed for the Year 1747, be Continued for the Service of the Year x 748.

Kefolved\That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-six thousand Eighty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the said Eleven thousand Five hundred and Fifty -Marines, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year 1748.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

1; agreed to by the House.

Shaftsbury George Pitt Esquire, being chosen -a Knight of the Wr,t* Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Dorset, and also a Burgess for the Borough of otherwise Shaftsbury, in the same County, made his Election to, serve for the County of Dor jet. '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ' ! the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present. Parliament for the Borough of Shafton, otherwise in the County of Bor jet, in the room of the said Mr. Pitt.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Milborne- The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Merits of

Port Elec- the Return for the Borough of Milborne-Port, in the Uon‘ County of Somerset.

v And the Counsel were called in:

And the Petition of Arthur Anfty the younger, late Deputy-Bailiff of the said Borough, complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough, was read:

And the Petition 6f Michael Harvey Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the l^id Borough, was also read:

And the Petition of William , One of the late Presiding Capital Bailiffs of4 he laid Borough, complaining of an undue Return for the said Borough, was also read: And it appearing from the said Double Return (with which the Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order) that the Indenture of the Return, made by the said WiUjam Bishop, was immediately annexed to die Precept j the Counsel for the said William and for

Michael Harvey and Jeffery ,. Esquires, who are

returned in the said Indenture, were first heard.

c And they examined a Witness as to the Constitution

of the said Borough, and the Right of making the Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough:

And having alleged, That John Paget Esquire was One of the Presiding Capital Bailiffs of the said Borough in the Year 1741; and that he joined in the Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made upon the 2d Day of February in the said Year; they produced the Grant whereby he was appointed a Capital Bailiff:

And, the said Grant being read, they examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that he was duly appointed:

And the said Return, made the ad Day of February 1741 (with which the Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order) being read, they examined a Witness, in order to prove, that Thomas Esquire, who,

together with Charles Churchill Esquire, is returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the Return made by the said Arthur did. himself, at the said Election in 1741, with another Justice of the Peace, administer the Oath appointed by Act of Parliament to be taken by Returning Officers: And having examined a Witness, in order to prove, that none of the Capital Bailiffs of the said Borough, or their Grantees, take any Oath of Office, they produced Evidence, in order to prove a Declaration, made by Mr.

1747.

Medlycott himself, that neither the Capital Bailiffs, nor their Grantees, take any Oath of Office.

And the Grant, whereby the said Mr. Bishop was appointed a Capital Bailiff of the said Borough, being produced, and read, a Witness was examined, in order to prove, that the said Mr. Bishop was duly appointed a capi-

tal Bailiff:

And, in order to prove, that the Precepts for the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough are uitially directed to the Bailiffs of the said Borough, the Copy of a Precept for the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, in the Year 1679, was produced, and read:

And the Copy of a Precept for the Election of Burgesses to serve in the Convention for the said Borough, in the Year 1688, was also produced, and read:

And the Counsel for the said Arthur Anfty, and for the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr. Churchill, admitted, that the general Direction of all the Precepts for the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is " To the Bailiffs thereof."

Then, in order to prove, that the Right of executing' the said Precepts belongs to the Presiding Capital Bailiffs of the said Borough, Copies of several Returns of Burgesses for the said Borough, in the Fourth and Sixteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the First, in the Year 1660; in the Thirteenth and Thirty-first Years of the" Reign of King Charles the Second; in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Second, in the Year 1688; and in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen; were produced, and read:

And the Return of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough in the Year 1741 (with which the Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order) was also read:

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove, that the said Mr. Medlycott voted at the last Election as a

Capital Bailiff of the Bailiffwick of Milborne, in Right 06 which Bailiffwick he had appointed the said Arthur Anfty his Sub-Bailiff:

And the Return made by the said William Bishop, and* the Return made by the said Arthur were also severally read:

And a Witness was examined, in order-to prove thai the return made by the said Arthur Anfty was not accepted by the Sheriff of the County of Somerset till some Days after his Acceptance of the Return made by the said William Bishop:

And the Counsel for the said William Bishop, and for the said Mr. Harvey and Mr. French, having gone through' and summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Merits of the Return for the Borough of Milborne-Port,\n the County' of Somerset, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do then attend this House with the several Returns of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, with which he attended the House this Day.

And then the House adjourned t*ll Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20die Decembris;

Anno 21® Georgii II*1' Regis, 1747. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; andr at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State

Westminster

Bridge.

ii Geo. II. £ 457

War* and Means.

Suppljr.

Itilbarce-

Post

UefiinD.

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of

Westminster Bridge, from 25th November 17461, to 13th October 1747, both inclusive: And all'o,

Contracts made by the Commissioners of Bridge, between 25th November 1746, and 13th October 1747, both inclusive: And also, '

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from 29th September 1746, to 2^th September 1747.:

And then he withdrew. ,'t \

And the Titles of the Books, containing the faitl; State, Contracts, and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Books are bound up with the other!

Papers of this Session.

( j

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House tp. resolve itself into a Committee of the who|e House, to consider further of Ways and Means for railing; thtf-Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read And tire laid Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom», ing next, resolve itl'clf into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday "Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Merits of the Return for the Borough of in the County of Somerset.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Arthur the younger, late

Deputy-Bailiff of the said Borough, and for Thomas Med-iycott Esquire, and Charles Churchill Esquire, returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the Indenture of Return made by the said Arthur Anfty, were heard:

And the Minutes of the Court-leet, held in and for the said Borough the 17th Day of October 1746, taken by Robert Grandy, then Steward of the said Court, since deceased, and proved to be written by him, were read, in order to prove, that the said Arthur Andy was duly nominated and sworn, in Court, Sub-Bailiff of the said Borough for the Year then next ensuing.

And in order to prove, that the Right of executing-the Precepts for electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Sub-Bailiffs of the'laid Borough only,

Several Copies of Indentures of the Returns of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough were produced and read; viz.

A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 21 ft Day of August, i2* Car. 2. between the Sheriff of the County of Somerset, of the one Part; and the Sub-Bailiffs of the said Borough, of the other Part; sealed with the common Seal of the said Borough, and signed by the said Sub-Bailiffs only:

A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 26th Day of February 1689, between the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Borough, of the one Part; and the Sheriff of the said County, of the other Part; sealed with the said common Seal, and signed by the Two Sub-Bailiffs, and also by the Two Constables: A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 2ad Day of OSover 1695, between the same Parties, sealed with the said common Seal, and ligned by Guy While and William Sitooke, as Sub-Bailiffs; and also by others:

A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 27 th Day Vol. 25.

of July: 169ft; betwden the fastie Parties, sealed with thcfitkl coda mob Seal, and signed only by Guy White senior and William Bailiffs':

,-A Copy of ah Indenting of Return made the 7th Day of January 17od,' between the feme Parties, sealed with thb. laid common. Seal, and signed by William 5a fc«‘4nd Guy White, as Bailiffs; and by others:

A Qdpyof an Indenture of Return made the 26th Day tfiN<jvember j 70.1.,.'between the same Parties, sealed with the said common Sealy-and signed by Guy Whitftiatd William :Suboke, as Bailiff!; and by otheh: /A Copy of An indenture of Return made the 5th Day , of Fehru^ry 1 jotJ between the same Parties, lealed with 14be-laid common Seal, and signed by Guy Whiter land William. Snooke, as < Bailiffs; and by . ortietsc/. v . \

A Cojpiy of an Indenture of Return made the 21 ft Day of juty 1702, between the same Parties, sealed with the said common Seal, and signed by Guy White fe-- - inior, as Bailiff'; and by Others: ! '

A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 16th Day . of May 1/705, between the same Parties, under the Hands.-aed Seals of several Persons, and particularly of John Barrett and Guy feniof, with the Addition of" Bailiffs of the Borough of " Com'Somerset:"

A -Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 5th Day of May 1 70I, between the same Parties, sealed with the said common Seal, and signed only by John Barrett and Guy White fenioiy as Bailiffs:

And a Witness was. examined, in order to prove, that the said Guy White, William and John Barrett,

who severally subscribed the said Indentures of Return, with the Addition of " Bailiffs," were only Sub-Bailiffs of the said Borough:

t And a Copy of an Indenture of Return made the-3 ift Day of August 1713, between the Bailiffs- and Burgesses

of the said Borough, of the one Part; and the‘Sheriff of the County of Somerset, of the other Past; sealed- with; the common Seal of the said Borough, and signed by Guy White senior, and John Barrett, as Sub-Bailiffs; and by several other Persons; was produced and read: - 1

And a Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 31st' Day of January 1714, between the same Partiek, -fealfed with the said common Seal, and signed by Guy Whine and John Barrett, as Bailiffs; and by several other Persons; was also produced and read:: -

And a Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 10th Day of June 1717, between the same Parties, sealed with the said common Seal, and signed by Guy White senior and John Barrett, with the Addition of " Ret. Bailiffs,' was also produced and read:

And the Petition of Charles Stanhope Esquire, contained in the Journal of the House, of the 18th Day June 1717 (complaining ofan undue Election and Return, for the said Borough; and alleging. That he was returned as duly elected, to the Sheriff, by the Two Capital Presiding Bailiffs present at the Election.; and that Guy White the elder, and John Barrett, alias Bar wick, who were appointed by the Capital Bailiffs as their Sub-Bailiffs; but had not qualified themselves for their Employments, according to Law, by taking the Oaths, and receiving the Sacrament, took upon themselves to return the Sitting Member, as duly chosen, to the Sheriff, who accepted thereof, and refused thfc Petitioner) was also read:

And the Resolutions of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the said Petition was referred, which were, upon the 6th Day of July following, reported from the said Committee, and agreed to by the House; and the Order of the House, whereby the Clerk of the Crown was directed to amend the said Return, by rafing out the Name of the Sitting Member, and inferring the Name of the Petitioner instead thereof; were also read: And, in order to prove, that the Return, so amended. Was the Return made by the said Sub-Bailiffs, the original Return by them made was also produced and read.

6 A Then

4S&

Milbome- Then fevc^al other Copies of Indentures of Return of £®rt Burgesses tooferve in Parliament for the said Borough 10B* were also produced and read;

:A Copy of ah Indenture of Return made the nd Day of March 1721, between the Bailiffs and Burgesses of the said Borough, of the one Part; and the Sheriff of the County of Sof the other Part; sealed

with the common Seal of the said Borough, and

signed by Guy fVhite and James as Sub-

Bailiffs; and by others:

A Copy !of an Indenture of Return made the i^th of August 1727, between the same Parties, signed by several Persons, and particularly by John,

without any Addition, but nearthe Place of the Seal: A Copy, of an Indenture of Returh made the 28th Day of February 1727, between the same Parties.

sealed with the said common Seal, and signed by John Barrett and James Barnard, as Sub-Bailiffs; and by others:

A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the 29th Day of A^r'il 1734, between the same Parties, sealed with the mid common Seal, and signed, near the Place of the Seal, by William , but without any Addition, and by others:

A Copy of an Indenture of Return made the T2th Day of May 1741 between the Capital Bailiffs and their Deputies, the Commonalty Stewards, Burgesses, and the Inhabitants of the said Borough paying Scotland Lot, of the one Part; and the Sheriff of the said County, of the other Part; testifying, that the said Capital Bailiff's, and their Deputies, the Commonalty Stewards, Burgesses, and the said Inhabitants, of the said Borough, hid set their Hands, and affixed their common Seal of the said Borough to one Part of those Indentures, and signed, near the Place of the Seal, by George without any Addition;

and by several others:

And a Witness was examined, in order to prove, that the said George Baunton, and also the said William Browne, who signed the Indenture of Return in 1734, were Sub-Bailiffs of the said Borough.

The same Witness was also examined as to the general Opinion of the Inhabitants of the said Borough concerning the Right of John Paget Esquire to join as Capital' Bailiff in the Return made upon the 2d Day of 1741; and as to the general Opinion of the said Inhabit tants concerning the Right of the Petitioner Arthur the younger to make the Return as Sub-Bailiff; and also as to the Transactions at the said Election in 1741, and: at the last Election:

And the Counsel for the said Arthur Anjly the younger,. and for the said Thomas Medlycott Esquire, and Charles

Churchill Esquire, having gone through and summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel on the other Side were heard by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

The House was moved. That the Petition of the said Arthur Anjly might be again read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Resolved, That the Execution of the Precept for electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Milberne-Port, in the County of Somerset, and the Making of the Return thereof, are only in the Two Sub-Bailiffs of the said Borough, or in One Sub-Bailiff of the said Borough, if there are not Two.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do take off the File the Indenture of Return executed by William Bishop, whereby Michael Harvey Esquire, and Jeffery French Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borou gh.

And the Clerk of the Cfow n, attending, according to Order, took the said Return off the File accordingly.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and mi Privilege*. Elections be adjourned.

1747-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 30 dieDecembris \

Anno 21* Georgii IIJ| Regis, 1747.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That the Clerk of the Crown do imme- GrutBedw'n

diately attend the House with the Double Return for Election. the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts,

Edward Worthy Esquire, being chosen a Citizen to Boffinnej serve in this present Parliament for the City of Peterbo- *r'L rough, in the County of Northampton, and also a Burgess for the Borough of BoJJinney, in the County of Cornwall, made his Election to serve for the City of Peterborough.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Cjerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of BoJJinney, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the said Mr. Worthy.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Motion a Committee be appointed to consider of Methods for fasting more effectually manning his Majesty's Fleet; and to "j^tiunstl1* report their Opinion therein to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matters (3rearBed«ria of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election EltOwo. and Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return.

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Petition of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and William Sloper Esquire;

And the Petition of such of the Freeholders, and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Messuages, within the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

And the Petition of Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire;

And the Petition of several of the Freeholders, and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Messuages, within the said Borough, who are, and at the last Election for that Borough were, legally intitled to vote for Members of Parliament for the said Borough, and whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Severally complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, were severally read;

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 26th Day of March 1729, when it was resolved, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in the Freeholders, and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Messuages, was also read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And it appearing from the said Double Return (with which the Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Order) that the Indenture of the Return, whereby Sir Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was immediately annexed to the Writ; the Counsel for them, and for the Freeholders, and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage Messuages, within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and William Sloper Esquire, were first heard:

‘3° Deceikbris.

21 Geo. II. 30 — 4* — 50 Decembris* 459

And James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough at

the said Election, produced a Paper, llgned by himself, which he laid was the original Poll taken at the said Election:

And Edward Gale, who said he took the Poll at the said Election by the Direction of the said Portreeve, produced the rough Draught, from which, as he laid, the Poll, produced by the Portreeve, as the Original, was

copied:

And John Lucas, who also took the Poll at the said Election (the said Portreeve having, as the said John Lucas laid, desired his Assistance) produced also the Poll by him taken:

And the said Edward Gale and John Lucas were severally examined as to the Taking of the said Poll; and " making of the Return.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the said James Feild was examined as to the Taking of the said Poll, and making of the Return.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of t he several Petitions complaining of an undueEledion and Double Return for the Borough of Great in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough at the said Election, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 40 Decembris;

Anno 21* Georgii II4* Regis, 1747.

Prayxrs.

Cret Bedwin ORDERED, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend

Elcflioa. this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts,

Cwenm* A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County Feu. of Essex, in behalf of theml'elves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner, may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Supply Bin; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Halt, &c. upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1748, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1748, of the Income of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1746, to satisfy Principal and interest charged thereupon, be nude good out of the Supplies for the Year 1748.

Then the Houll* rclblved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. S|>eaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

VCL. 25.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to fcrelgn Order, a Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants: And Protestaot# the same was received; and read the First time. M‘

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday the 21st Day of January next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing de MiJJy and Mifly't Nat. Charles de MiJJy, was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Cajar de MiJJy and Charles deMiJJy.

Ordered, That Sir John Cufi do carry the Bill to the Lords, apd desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Way* a Committee of the whole House, to cotrfider further and Means, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

ReJJyed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbati, 5* die Decembris;

Anno it* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Dutie* on Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, Mtlt* *c‘ and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1748, was

committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered,

a6q c° — 70 Decetniris. 1747.

Ordered, That the Bill, with* the Amendments, be

ingtofled.

Westbmy The House being informed. That Matthew Miche/l

Election. Esquire, who, together with.Chauncy Esquire,

hath petitioned this House, in a Petition presented upon the 20th Day of November last, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the: Borough of in the County of Wilts, and whose Quafification is questioned by the Sitting Members, by a Notice left by them in Writing, with the Clerk of this House, upon the 23d Day of November last, is now at Sea in his Majesty's Service; and is disabled, by his Absence, from complying with the Standing Order of this House, of the 21st of November 1717, which requires a Petitioner in such Case, within Fifteen Days after such Notice, to leave with the Clerk of this House an Account in Writing, signed by himself, of his Qualification;

And the Clerk being called upon; and having acquainted the House, That the Notice of the Demand of Mr, Micheirs Qualification was left with him upon the 13d Day of November last, and that he hath not yet received any Particular of the said Mr. s Qualification;

And the House being moved, That the Standing Orders of the House, made the 21st Day of November 1717,

' relating to Qualifications, might be read;

And the said Standing Orders being read accordingly;

A Motion was. made,: and the Question being put, That the said Matthew Miehell Esquire, be allowed Fifteen Days: more; from the 8th Day of this instant to leave with the Clerk of this House an Account in Writing of his Qualification, pursuant to the said Notice, he being now at Sea, in his Majesty's Service;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the } 5».

TelUrsforrheNoc,^;*- } .5,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Way| Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Six millionsThree hundred thousand Pounds be raised by transferrable Annuities, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum;and that an additional

Capital of Ten Pounds be added to every One hundred Pounds advanced; the said additional Capital to be by way of Lottery, consisting of Tickets of the Value of Ten Pounds each, the Blanks and Prizes to bear an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annumthe Interest of the said Annuities and Lottery to commence from Michaelmas 1748: That every Subscriber shall, on or before the 12th Diy of December instant, make a Deposit of Ten Pounds peeCeutiak mth the-Cashiers of the Bank of ' England; and every Subscriber paying in the Whole, or any Part , of his Money, at or before the Time, or respective Times, that shall be appointed for the Payment thereof, such Subscriber shall be allowed Interest after the Rftc of Five Pounds per Centum per to be

computed from the Day on which such actual Payment shall have been made, to Michaelmas next; and that the said Deposit, and all other Sums paid to the Cashiers of the Bank, in virtue of this Resolution, shall by them be paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be applied from time to time to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament. and not otherwise.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Mondap Morning, Nine of the Clock

LuncZy 70 die Decem;

Anno 2i# Georgii II41 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

CfHOMAS Gore Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Portsmoutls serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Wrii* Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and also a Burgess for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, made his Election to serve for the Town and Borough of Bedford.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the-Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the said Mr. Gore.

Sir William Irby Baronet, being chosen a Burgess to Old Santa

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bod- Writ. min, in the County of Cornwall, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of made

his Election to serve for the Borough of Bodmin.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Sir William Irby.

Thomas Pitt Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to serve Ditto, in this present Parliament for the Borough of ton, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the Borough of Oakhampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Mr. Pitt.

George Lyttelton Esquire, being chosen a Burgess to Downctna serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Oak- Wm. hampton, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Downetou, in the County of Wilts, made his Election to serve for the Borough of Oakhampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downeton, in the County of Wilts, in the room of the said Mr. Lyttelton.

A Petition of Jeffery French Esquire was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Petitioner, PortEkaion, together with Michael Harvey, Thomas Medlycott, and Charles Churchill, Esquires, flood as Candidates at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborne-Port, in the County of

Somerset; and that the said Election came on on Monday the 29th Day of June last, when William claimed

to act as Returning Officer, in Right of his Office cf Presiding Capital Bailiff, and Arthur Anfty claimed to act as Returning Officer, in Right of his Office of Sub-Bailiff, of the said Borough: That there being a Controversy between the said William Bishop and Arthur Anfty, concerning their respective Rights of presiding as Returning Officer, they took separate Polls at the said Election; and that the said Arthur Anfty, in the Poll by him taken, did not only refuse to take the Votes of Twenty-seven Persons who had an indisputable Right to vote, and who offered to vote for the Petitioner, and were polled for him 17 by

1

J

2i Geo. II. 70 Decem

by the said Bishop, but did likewise admit of several Persons to vote for the said Mr. and Mr.

Churchill, who had no Pretence of Flight so to do: That the said Mr. liedlycott and Mr. , and their

Agents, by very illegal, corrupt, and unwarrantable Pra&iccs, procured many Persons to vote for them, who would otherwise have voted for the Petitioner; and that, although the Petitioner and the said Mr. Harvey had a very great Majority of legal Votes, yet the said Arthur Anjts hath returned the said Mr. Medlycott and Mr.

Churchill, to l'erve as Burgesses for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And therefore praying, That the House will take the said Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioner such Relief, with regard to the said Election and Return, as shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That so much of the Petition of Michael Harvey Esquire (which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of November last) complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough, aS relates to the Merits of the said Election, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

GreuBedwin The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Election. Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double

Return:

And the Counsel*were called in:

And the Counsel for Sir Edward urner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whole Petition complains of the Return of Metcalfe Esquire, and William Sloper Esquire, proceeded in their Evidence:

And James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough at the

last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, was again examined as to the Poll taken at the said Election:

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in; and again directed to withdraw.

They were again called in; and again directed to withdraw'.

They were again called in; and again directed to withdraw.

The House was moved, That the Memorandum contained in the Paper ligned by the said Portreeve, and produced by him as the original Poll taken at the said Election, whichMemorandumexprefles, that the several Candidates, by their Counsel, agreed that the Portreeve might make aReturnofall the said Candidates.and whichMemorandum is subscribed by the Counsel themselves, might be read: And the same was read accordingly.

the House was also moved, That the like Memorandum contained in the Paper which Edward who took the Poll at the said Election, by the Direction of the said Portreeve, produced as the rough Draught, from which, as he said, the Poll produced by the Portreeve, as the Original, was copied, to which Memorandum the Names of the said Counsel are subscribed, might also be read: And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the F reeholders and I nhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, which alleges, That Sir Edward *.Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, were duly elected; and complains of an undue Election of Lafcells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquire*; and also sets forth, VpL. 25.

That the said Portreeve was induced, by Threats and Menaces, and in pursuance of an unwarrantable and illegal Agreement of the said Four Candidates, to make a Double Return, might also be read:

And the said Petition was read accordingly.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Counsel be called in, and directed to proceed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof thefeWords; "upon the Matter of the Return, in the First Place ;"

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j {£ ] ,0a

f Mr. Baptist Levifoh

Tellers for the Noes, J Gower, > 187.

(Mr. Wilkinson:

So it passed in the Negative.

The main Question being again proposed;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding at the End thereof these Words; " upon the Paper produced to this House by James , Portreeve " of the said Borough, at the last Election of Members " to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; which " Paper the said James Feild so produced, as the original " Poll taken at the said Election, and is ligned by the said " James Feild"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Then the Question, thus amended, being put;

Resolved, That the Counsel be called in; and directed to proceed upon the Paper produced to this House by James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough, at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough; which Paper the said James Feild so produced; as the original Poll taken at the said Ele&ioii; and is ligned by the said James Feild.

The Counsel were again called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolutions.

And the Counsel for Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of Lafcells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, having objected to Five Persons who voted for the said Lafcells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, as not being Freeholders of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough;

They examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify1 Two of the Persons so objected to.

And the said Counsel having objected to Seventeen Persons, who voted for the said Lafcells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, as not being Inhabitants of such ancient Burgage-Messuages;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return, for the Borough of Great , in

the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough at the said Election, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee of tions be adjourned. Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

B

462

8* — Decentbris.

A. 1747,

Martis, 8° die;

Anno 2i°Georgii IIU! Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

Vexatious C I R Richard Lloyd presented to the House, according Arrett*. vj to Order, a Bill to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Weobley Ordered, That the Order made upon the 17th Day of Election November last, for hearing this Day, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of John Perceval Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Weobley, in the County of ,be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Great Bed win The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the

Election. Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double

Return:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of LafccUs Metcalfe Esquire, and William Sloper Esquire, proceeded further in their Evidence; and examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Seventeen Persons, who voted for the said Lafce Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, and to whom the said Counftl did Yesterday object, as not being Inhabitants of such ancient Burgage-Messuages.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to dif-quaiify Five Persons, who voted for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, in Right of split Houses, for which other Persons had before been admitted to poll by the Portreeve of the said Borough; and also, in order to prove, that, by the Usage of the said Borough, One Vote only is allowed for every such split House; and that it is in the Election of the Returning Officer to admit which Occupier of every such House he thinks fit to give that Vote; and also in order to disqualify some of the said Persons, who so voted in Right of such split Houses, as not being Inhabitants within the said Borough.

They also examined several Witnesses. and produced Evidence, in order to prove, that the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper had, by themselves and their Agents, been guilty of Bribery; and particularly, that Nineteen several Persons, who were entertained in the House of the said Mr. Sloper, for some Time before the said Election, and who voted for him and the said Mr. Metcalfe, did receive Bribes for their Votes.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the Counsel for Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of Lafcells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, examined several Witnesses, in order to prove in what Manner the said Nineteen Persons were detained at the House of the said Mr. Sloper; and also in what Manner they were conducted to the said Borough on the Day of Election; and also in what Place within the said Borough they remained until they were polled; and also in order to prove in what Manner they were conducted to Tie Place where the Poll was taken.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining ot an undue Oedtion and Double Return for the Borough of Great Benzoin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return, be adjourned till Thuifday Morning next.

Ordered, That James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough at the said Election, do attend this House upon ThursdayMorning next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Thursday Morning next, with the Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Decembris \

Anno 21* Georgii II. U Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for continuing the Dufies upon Supply Btirt Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Dunoon Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1748, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great.

Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1748.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Perceval Esquire, commonly called I.ord Viscount Perceval, complaining of an undue Election and Rcturn for the Borough of Weobley in the County of Hereford:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, no Counsel appearing for ManfellPowell Esquire, whose Election and

Return is contested by the Petitioner, was called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the Third Day of 1736,

when it was resolved. That the Right of Election of Burgefl'cs to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is in

the

Way* and Muua

Sapplj.

Weobley

Election.

Dro'twich

Eic&ion.

ii Geo. II. 90 — 10° D. 46 % -

the Inhabitants of the ancient Vote-Houses of Twenty Shillings per Annum Value And upwards, residing in the

raid Houses Forty Days before the Day of Election, and paying Scotland Lot; and also in the Owners of such ancient Vote-Houses, paying Scotland Lot, who shall be resident in such Houses at the Time of the Electionwas also read.

And the (landing Order of the House, made the Sixteenth Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County* Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner was heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to add to the Poll of the Petitioner Fourteen Persons, who, being Inhabitants of ancient Vote-Houses, of Twenty Shillings per Annum Value and upwards, and residing in the said Houses Forty Days before the Day of Election, and paying Scotland Lor, offered their Votes for the Petitioner, and were rejected by the Returning Officers of the lr.id Borough; and also to add to the Petitioner's Poll One other Person, who, being an Owner of an ancient Vote-House, of Twenty Shillings per Annum Value and upwards, paying Scotland Lot, and resident in such House at the Time of the Election, tendered his Vote for the Petitioner, and was rejected by the Returning Officers; and also to add to the Petitioner's Poll One other Person, who, being an Inhabitant of an ancient Vote-House, of Twenty Shilling' per Annum and upwards, and residing in such House Forty Days before the Day of Election. and paying Scotland Lot, voted for the Petitioner, though his Name be omitted in the Poll.

The Counlcl for the Petitioner also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Two Persons, who voted for the said Mr. Powell at the said Election, not being Inhabitants of ancient Vote-Houses.

The Counsel for the Petitioner also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to di(qualify Jsine other Peitons, who voted for the said Mr. Powell, though they did not pay Scotland Lot.

And the Counsel alleged. That the Votes of the said Sixteen Persons being added to the Petitioner's Poll, and the Votes of the said Eleven Persons being dcdudled from the Poll of the said Mr. Poivell, the Petitioner had a Majority of legal Votes.

And then the Counsel was directed to withdraw.

The House was informed, by One ot their Members, That the said Mr. Powell had authorized him to acquaint this House, that, having considered of his Cafe, he desires not to give the House any Trouble.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Man fell Powell Klquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough otWeob-ley, in the County of Hereford;

It passed in the Negative,

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That John Perceval

Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount in

the Kingdom of Ireland, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of

fVeobley, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do immediately attend this House, to amend the Return for the said Borough, by rafing out the Name of Manfell Powell Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Esquire,

commonly called Lord Viscount Perceval, in the Kingdom t- Ireland, in Read thereof.

The Clerk of the Crown attended accordingly; and amended the said Return.

The House being informed, That the Honourable Samuel Masham Esquire, desires to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of With, otherwise in the County of

Vol. 25.

Worcester, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election and Return;

The House being also informed, That Thomas Foley the younger Esquire, desires to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return; for the said Borough, and not to contest the Matter of the said Election and Return with Francis Winnington Esquire;

Ordered, That the Honourable Samuel Masham Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Wich, otherwise Droitwich, in the County of Worcester.

Ordered, That Thomas Foley the younger Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw* his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough.

The House being thereupon also informed. That the said Francis Winnington Esquire, desires to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough;

Ordered, That Francis Winnington Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the said Borough.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do immediately attend this House, to amend the Return for the said Borough, by rafing out the Name of the Honourable Samuel Masham Esquire, and what relates to him in the said Return, and by nuking what other Alterations are proper in consequence thereof.

The Clerk of the Crown attended accordingly; and amended the said Return.

The House was moved, That the Instruction given to the said Committee, that they do hear this Afternoon the Matter of the said Petition of Francis Winnington Esquire, and of the said Double Return; and also that the In-struction given to the said Committee, to hear the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Edwin Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough, at the same Time that they hear the Matter of the said Petition of Francis Winningtorr Esquire, and of the said Double Return for the said Borough; might be read:

And the said Instructions were read accordingly.

Ordered, That the last of the said Instructions be discharged.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do hear this Afternoon the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable Edwin Sandys Esquire* complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 2t* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747;

Pr A vex s,

HE Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough Of Great Bedwln, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Bufgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of Laf cells Metcalfe Esquire* and William Sloper Esquire,- proceeded further in their Evidence; and examined several Witnesses, in order to prove in what Manner the Nineteen Persons, who had been at the House of William Sloper Esquire, gave their Votes for him and Mr. Met-

calfe-.

Great fiedwin Election.

io° — 11 140 Decembris. 1747*

464

taife\ and also in order to prove, that, when one of them came to be polled, a Demand was made by several Electors, that the Oath prescribed by an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, might be taken by the said Nineteen Persons; and that Hone of the said Nineteen Persons did take the said Oath; and also in order to prove in what Manner the Poll was doled, and what were the Motives which induced the Portreeve to make the Double Return.

And then the said Counsel having summed up their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great,

in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That James Fetid, Portreeve of the said Borough at the said Election, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedxoin, in the County of Wilts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vitnerts, 11° die Decembris;

Anno ai' Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

Infunnce of Q RD E R ED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

French Shi pa. to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France: And that Mr. Nugent, Mr. Janffen, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, and Sir William Calvert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Gmt Bed win The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the

Election. Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue

Election and Double Return for the" Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double

Return:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Metcalfe Esquire, and

William Sloper Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whole Petition complains of the Return of Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, were heard; and examined several Witnesses, in order toefta-blish the Votes of some of the Seventeen Persons who voted for the said Lafcells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, as not being Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the Counsel for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whole Petition complains of the Return of the said Sir Edward Tu ner and Mr. Scott, proceeded in their Evidence; and examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Votes of the rest of the said Seventeen Persons.

They allb examined several Witnesses in order to establish the Votes of Five other Persons who voted for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, as having voted in Right of split Houses, for which other Persons had before been admitted to poll by the Portreeve of the said Borough; and also in order to contradict the

Proof which had been offered by the Counsel on the other Side, in respect to the Usage of the said Borough, concerning the Right of voting for such split Houses; and also in order to prove, that such of the said Persons, whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to^disqualify, as not being Inhabitants of the said Borough, were Inhabitants therein at the Time of the Election.

They also examined several Witnesses in order to efta* blish the Vote of One of the Two Persons who voted for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, as not being a Freeholder of an ancient Burgage-Messuage within the said Borough.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great , in

the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That James Fcild, Portreeve of the said Borough at the said Election, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning next, with the Double Return for the Borough of Great in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Colonel Abercrombiehave Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Sir James Carnegie have Leavj to go Ln»e of into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Abfw.ce. Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 140 die Decembris;

Anno 21* Georgii IP1, Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Poor Retie* for the better Relief of the Poor by voluntary Charities: And that Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Lieu-

tenant-General Onslow, and Mr. Trevor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House W»yt

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Me*n,» to conltder further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Great Bwtaiu Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election. Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Lafcells Metcalfe- Esquire, and William Sloper Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said.

Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of Sir

Edward

21 Geo II. 14" — 150 Decembris. 46$

' 7'

Edward ‘turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, proceeded further in their Evidence; and examined several Witnesses, in order to contradidl the Witnesses examined by the Counsel on the other Side, in relation to the Nineteen Persons who had been at the House of William S/oper Esquire, and in relation to the Manner of doling the Poll. /

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to discredit Three of the Persons by whose Tellitnony the Counlei on the other Side had endeavoured to prove a Charge of Bribery against Mr. hletcalfe and Mr. and their Agents.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that a Person, who offered to vote for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. S/oper, and who was rejected by the Returning Officer, as not being an Inhabitant of the House for which he offered to vote, was an Inhabitant therein ? and ought therefore to be added to the Poll of the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. S/oper.

They also examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in order to prove, that the Houses of Three other Persons, who offered to vote for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. S/oper, and who were rejected by the Returning Officer, were ancient Burgage-Messuages; and therefore that those Three Persons ought to be added to the Poll of the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. S/oper.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Seven Persons who voted for Sir Edward turner and William Scott Esquire, as not being Freeholders of ancient Burgage-Messuages.

And they also alleged. That another Person was, upon the same Objection, disqualified by the Proof which had been already this Day given of the Right of a Person who offered his Vote for Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. S/oper, and was rejected by the Returning Officer.

They also alleged. That Four other Persons, who voted for Sir Edward turner and William Scott Esquire, in Right of split Houses, were disqualified by the Proof which already had been given of the Right of Four Persons who voted for Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. , and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, as having voted in Right of split Houses.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Seventeen Persons, who voted for the said Sir Edward turner and Mr. Scott, as not being Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify Three Persons, who voted for Sir Edward turner and Mr. Scott, as having received Bribes for their Votes.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that the said Sir Edward turner and Mr. Scott had, by themselvesand their Agents, attempted to procure Votes by Bribery; and that the Returning Officer himself was their Agent for that Purposo.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great in

the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return, be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That James Feild, Portreeve of the said Borough at the said Election, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

Mart is, 150 dieDecembris;

Anno 21* Georgii IIJi Regis, *747.

Craters.

f \ RDERED, That the Report from the Comtuittce '"'of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Wich, otherwise in the County of Worcester, be received Tomorrow Morning.

M. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief of the Poor by voluntary Charities: And the same was received 1 and read the First time.

Refohied, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the fold Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matters of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Double Return for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts, and of the said Double Return:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, and William Sloper Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whole Petition complains of the Rcpirn of Sir Edward turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, summed up their Evidence:

And the Counsel for Sir Edward turner Rardnet, and William Scott Esquire, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages; within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of LaJ-cells Metcalfe and William Sloper Esquires, awere heard, by way of Reply 1

And they examined several Witnesses, in order to establish the Vote of One Person, who voted for the said Sir Edward turner and Mr. Scott, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify* as not being an Inhabitant of the House for which he voted.

They also examined a Witness, in order to prove, that the House, for which a Person, who offered to vote for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, and whom the Counsel for the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, and for the Freeholders and Inhabitants of ancient Burgage-Messuages within the said Borough, whose Petition complains of the Return of Sir Edward turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, had endeavoured to add to the Poll of the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. was not wit

ancient Burgage-Messuage.

They also produced Evidence, in order to prov^, that a Person, who voted for the said Sir Edward turner and Mr. Scott, in Right of an ancient Burgage-Messuage, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, had a Title to the Inheritance of the said ancient Burgage-Messuage.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, that the Houses of Two other Persons, who voted for the said Sir Edward turner and Mr. Scott, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to disqualify, were ancient Burgage-Messuages.

The also examined several Witnesses, as to the Cha-rader of Three Persons, who gave theic Testimony in Support of the Charge of Bribery, imputed to the said Mr. Metcalfe and Mr. Sloper, and their Agents, and whom the Counsel on the other Side had endeavoured to1 discredit.

And then the Counsel on both Sides Were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Sir Edward turner Baronet, is duly elected a Bur--gefs to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of

It passed in the Negative, Nemhte contradicente.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That William Scott Esquire, is duly ele<5led a Burgess to

6C serve

Dnltwich

Election.

Poor Relief*

Great

Bedwin

Ele&iotu

4^6 15* — i 6* DecemA. 1747.

serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Bediv'w, in the County of Wilts;

Jt passed in the Negative, Nentitle

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Lafcells Metcalfe Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Telkrs for the Yeas,^; ^GrW/r.- } *7S-

Tellers for the Noes.^}

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That William Sloper Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great Bedwin, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do amend the Return, by taking off the File the Indenture of Return by which Sir Edward Turner Baronet, and William Scott Esquire, are returned Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Great , in the County of Wilts:

And the Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to Order, amended the said Return accordingly.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Service of the Year 1748, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Cafar de Mand Char fa de AJiJJy, without any Amendment:

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bowen, from the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1747, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 15th of December 1747, and the Parts remaining unfinished, with the Deficiency thereof: And also,

An Account of the Expenditure of the £. 500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, S*?r. for the Year 1747. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth, viz.

Mercurii, 16° die;

Anno 2i* Georgii II" Regis, *747.

Prays vs.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by M* Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Vol. 25.

A*

Supply I D it, etc

Ate

Missy'i

Nat,

DYpo&fc of Grand

1

1

1

An A C CO U NT shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1747, Hath been difjx>fed of, distinguished under the fcv^ral Heads, until the 15th Day of December 1747* < the Parts remaining unsatisfied* with the Deficiency tiierev>i.

D

CQ

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

c«

K

n

Ui

rt

X

a

~o i c\

2 -1 P in

8

SERVICES.

To the Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Yidualing thereof, for 40,000 Men, for 13 Months, beginning the id Day of January 1746 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

For the Freight of Transports, between 1 (t Jamtary 174J, and 31st December 1746 - For the Expence of Victuals, provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, between the 1 >745, and

' 31st December 1746 ——

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

Towards the Support of Green wich Hospital - - - -

Towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital near for Sick and Wounded Seamen

C3

C

For Ordnance Sea Service ——

For Ordnance Land Service ——

For defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance incurred, not provided for by Parliament ——

0>

U

a

£ d.

1,976^00 ——

196,259 IS $ 205,728 9 9

66,668 7 10 1,000,000 — —

10.000 — — -

16.000 — —

For defraying the Charge of 33,030 effective Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other Services, in Great $ri-tain, Guernsey, and Jersey, for the Year 1747 -

For defraying the Charge of 15,196 effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, for the War in Flanders, for the Year 1747 ——

For maintaining his Majesty'sForcesandGarriions in the Plantations, Minorca, osr&Gibraltar-, and forProvisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar, Georgia, and Cape or the Year 1747

Towards defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subsidence of a Body of the Troops of Hanover, confiding of 5,000 Horle and 13,000 Foot; making in the whole 18,000 Men, to att in the Low Countries, with the Austrian and States General's Troops, and for their Tram of Artillery, for the Year 1747 To defray the Charge of 1,264 Horse, and 4,908 Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, Hessian Troops, from 25 December 1746, to 24 December 1747, with the Subsidy for the same Time For the Pay of the Generaland Staff Officers of the Hospitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1747 For defraying extraordinary Expences, on account of the Rebellion and other Services of the Land Forces Anno 1 747, incurred, not provided for by Parliament ——

For providing 408 Horses, loll in Flanders and at the Battles of Falkirk and , in the Year 1746

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1747 ..For Pensions, lor the Year 1746, to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines -

To enable t he Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain 60,000 Men in the Low Countries, for the Year 1747 ——

To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaties To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elc&or of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty -To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Cologne, pursuant to Treaty -

To nuke good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elc&or of Mentn -

104,000 — — 284,004 12 11

193,208 15 3

Sums granted.

856,066 19 2

372,788 11 — 343,112 8 i*

410,000 — —

161,607 17 if

4*»575 *7 *0

166,198 18 4i 6,1 ao — — 29,914 *5 10 3,948 ——

433*333 6 8 300,000 — — 26,846 11 9

24*99 1 4

8,620 — - —

£ j. d. 3,470.656 16 3

581,213 8 a

Sums paid.

3,002,832 — 7

530,000 — —

*398>*3S 7 i* :>129-9 7 7 *5 — '*

793,098 19 9

Remaining to be paid.

£ 467,824 15 8

51,213 8 a.

.776,639 9 1

168,355 12 4t

- ' ' CK

16,45910 8

21 Geo. II. 16® Decembris.

g

cq"

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

c§

rT

SERVICES.

Marines. For defraying the Charge *f 11,550 Marines, for the Service of the Year 1747 - - -

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants, Anno 1746 - . r -

To make good the Deficiency of the General Fund, for the Year ended at Michaelmas 1746^ - "

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the "additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1745 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of 1

Barrel on Sweets at Michaelmas 1746 - - - 7 -

To replace to the said Fund the like Sum paid thereout, for a Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 1746, " on Salt Duties, continued Anno 1745 - -

To replace to the said Fund the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1746 - -

To make good the Deficiency, at Lady-day 1746,of the Duties on Licences for retailing Spirituous Liquors For making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the additional Duties on Wines imported.

i"'* 1 1 f S' 1 'ft s t*.« 1 /» 1 n *. T* '

/ J*

l354tt:4

10,211 5

7»978 8 4

13416 5*

35,obo~-~x_-

o c / .»./ u\

o

c

For making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors For making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Half Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage charged with Annuities 6° Anna et 6° Georgiiimi - - - , -

For making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1746, of the Fund for the Lottery 1714 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt 1745, at Lady-day 1747-To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax 1745, at Michaelmas 1747 -

To make good the Deficiency of the Duties and Revenues of his Majesty's Civil Government, in the Seven . Years ended at Midsummer 1746 -

1,4*1 ii!> Si

58,233 1 11

85,968 12 3i 38,648 5 f

192,296 13 7{

143.867 15 5I

456,733 l6, 3l

Granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land j and to make good such Treaties as were or should be made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Yea 1747 - -

Towards building a Bridge across the Thames, from fVeQminster to the opposite Shore - -

Paid Persons for their Losses on Account of the infectious Distemper amongst the Homed Cattle - -

To the Bank, in Reward for taking in £. 4,000,000 for Annuities, by the Duties on Houses; and £. 1 *,000,000Tor Annuities a Lottery, by Duties on Coaches, and for incident Chargesattending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery To pay off the Principal and Interest of£. 500,000 raised in Pur&ance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament, after the 29th of September 1746

By Interest, at the Rate 01 £. 5 to the Contributors of/. 4,000,000 for the Annuities by the Duties on Houses, for the Year 1747, for the respectivcSums paid into the Bank, before the limited Days of Payment, to 1747. ( -

The Grants towards supplying the said Services.

£. s. d.

2.000. 000 — — By the Land Tax 1747.

4.000. 000 — — ' By Contributions for Annuities on Houses.

750.000 — — By the Malt Duty for 1747.

112,508 19 2 By a Surplus on Spirituous Liquors.

1.000. 000 — — By the Sinking Fund.

1.000. 000 — — By a Lottery, by Duties on Coaches.

500.000 — — On Credit of the Supply 1748.

Sams granted. Suana paid.

Cy s, £* d.

c ]; 206,253 15 — 1 150,927 10 —

1,246,012 3 6J 777>8i3 *7

500,000' — — 500,000' — — -

30,000 — — 30,000 — —

70,000 — — 70,000 — —

15,805 15 10 i5>8°5 i5 10

516,375 ia 9 516,375 ia 9

106,586 19 — 106,586 19 —

9.934.336 17 9 8,706,959 — 3}

Remaining to be paid.

Towards which there remains undisposed: Of the Sinking Fund Of the Duties on Malt, Wr.

335»746 8

319,803 10

H

9s

And then the Deficiency of the Grants will e

£ t. d. 55.326 5 —

468,198 5

‘*227,377 »7 5*

655^49 18 lof

57L827 18 7

9.362,508 19 2

57!»8*7 18 7

Deficiency, as on the other Side.

This. Account, stated in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, upon an Address of this Honourable House, is humbly presented this 16th of December 1747, by

OV

00

Ov

1

r

25*

Vi

9.934.336 17 9

Thomas

2i Geo. II. 16° Decembris. 469

An ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the £.500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty s Allies, for the Year 1747.

To the Subsidy due to the Empress of in Consideration of 30,000

Men, and 40 or 50 Gallies, to be kept in Readiness during the Course of the said Year, for the Aff stance of his Majesty and his Allies, on Demand, pursuant to Treaty -To 155 Days Pay of Five additional Regiments of Hanover Troops, with their Artillery, from the 3d August 1747, N. S. to the 24 'December following ——

To 244 Days Pay of Twelve new raised Independent Companies, from the 25th of April 1747, to the 24th December following, tent abroad under the Command of Admiral Bofcawen - - - - -15,8114 —

To Contingencies of the Expedition - 2,000 ——

To 244 Days Pay of the additional Officers and private Men of Lord John Murray's and Lord London's Regiments, from the 25 th to the 24th

of De.ember 1747 ——

Extraordinary Services in Flanders.

For Forage to the Forces in Flanders ——

For Bread, over and above the usual Deductions from the Troops - For Bread Waggons ——

For Forage Waggons ——

For the Hospitals -

For Forage-Money to the Troops ——

For the Pay of Three Independent Companies in Flanders -

For Fire and Candle, Wood and Straw, and other Extraordinaries, in Winter Quarters ——

For the Lodes l'uftainedby the Troops of in the Campaign 1746 -

£. s. d. 100,000 — —

27,520 10 4

17,811 4 —

*.657 3 4

191,229 16 8

18,120 4 4

44,062 12 3

22,684 6 1

24,023 7 3

6.975 *3 — 3.943 1® 5

27.725 9 9 14,246 2 7

C

146,988

353>°»i

s.

l?

2

d.

8

4

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Koval A flint A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr.

to Bill*. Bellenden, Gentleman-Uiher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned 1

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleated to give the Royal Allent to One publick and One private Bill; viz.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlafor the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight.

An Act for naturalizing Cafar Ae Miff) and Charles de MiJJy.

Foreign The House being informed. That the Sheriffs of the Protostants City of London attended at the Door 1

Nat. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common-Council a£ sembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read j setting forth, That the Petitioners having observfed, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill hath been brought in for a general Naturalization of foreign Protestants, think it their indif-penfable Duty to represent the Mischiefs that they apprehend will flow from this Bill, if passed into a Law; and that the Petitioners, as Citizens of , will be

particularly affected by such a Law, by the Decrease, if

Vol. 25.

500,000 ——

not total Loss, of the Duties of Package, Scavage, Portage, and Balliage, of the Goods of foreign Merchants, granted by many Royal Charters, and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament: And further expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners, that the Naturalization of all foreign Protestants, indiscriminately, is more Jikejy to increase the Poverty, than make any Addition to the Wealth of this Nation s for that neither the Rich nor the Industrious amongst them need any such Inducement, as the latter never want Encouragement, nor the former the very Privilege in question, when they apply to Parliament for it: And representing to the House, That a like Law being attempted in the Reign of the late King Wi/liamt it was rejected on such national Considerations, as, it is presumed, can never escape the Attention, nor lose the Regard, of this House; and the Experiment being made, by passing a Law for that Purpose, in the Reign of the late Queen Anne, it was found so detrimental to the publick Interest, that it was shortly after repealed, and not without some Rcfledions on the Mischiefs it had produced; and that as Naturalization cannot convey to Foreigners a true Knowledge of our happy Constitution in Church and State, or give them such Zeal and Affection for it, as may be requisite for maintaining and defending it, and as those who have grown up under arbitrary Government, may be fitted to an fiver arbitrary Purposes, too much Caution cannot be used in a Matter erf" such great Importance: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Withyotherwise Droilwich, in the County of

Worcester; together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: YVhere the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Honourable Edwin Sandy*,

6 Esquire,

DroitKrich

Election.

Droitwich

Election.

470 16* Decembris. A. 1747.

Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of otherwise Droitwich, in the County of Worcester.

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

And the last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of Election of Burgesses to l'erve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 11 th Day of November 1690 (when it was resolved, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Droitwich, is in the Burgesses of the Corporation of the Salt Springs of Droitwich) being read, as also the (landing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining Counsel at the Bar of the House of Commons, or before the Committee of Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament, contrary to the lad Determination of the House;

The Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, That Droitwich is a Borough by Prescription: That there are ancient Salt Springs belonging thereto, called the Corporation Springs, in Contradiftindlion to other Salt Springs since discovered, there, or thereabouts: That all the Burgesses of the said Borough claim their Right of Burgesship by Election, or Primogeniture; but they infilled that, according to the said Resolution of the House, neither Election nor Primogeniture can qualify a Burgess to vote at any Election of Members to serve in Parliament, unless he has a Share or Property in the said ancient Salt Springs.

At the same time they declared, That they would not impeach the Right of any Burgess, for Want of such Property, who hath constantly acted as a Burgess, and been reputed such, for above Twenty Years.

Then having produced the original Poll, taken at the last Election, wherein the Numbers appear to be,

For the Sitting Member, Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire - - - - 19

For the Petitioner, the Honourable Edwin Sandys Esquire - - - 18

They objected to Nine of the Voters for the Sitting Member; viz.

To Four, elected Burgesses in the Year 1741, as not having Property in the said ancient Springs.

To other Four, who claim by Primogeniture, as not having such Property.

To One, as not being either elected a Burgess, or the eldell Son of a Burgess, or possessed of any such Property as aforesaid.

And they called Mr. John Ingram, formerly Town-Clerk of the said Borough: Who said, That he was present at the last Election at when the Four

Persons following, viz.John JolliJfe Esquire, Humphrey Lowe Esquire, Rowland Berkeley Esquire, and Robert Harley Esquire, gave their Votes; and Objections being severally made to their Right of Voting, upon Account of their not having Property in the ancient Salt Springs, Mr. Jolliffeowned that he had not any; and the other

Three declined giving any Answer to that Point; but they all infilled to vote, as having been eladled and sworn Burgesses; and Three of them alleged, that they had served the Office of Bailiff.

Upon Cross-Examination, he owned; That he heard Mr. Lowe (One of the Four) declare, that he believed he had a Property in the Salt Springs; and that the Conveyance of it was in the Hands of Mr. Roger the

present Town-Clerk of Droitwich.

Being further cross-examined, he said, That he apprehends no Person can be elected a Burgess, or is capable of serving the Offices of the Corporation, who has not Property in the Salt Springs: That the Four Gentlemen objected to have each of them served the Office of Bailiff; and that there may be other Instances of Persons having served the said Office, who had not Property; for he believes, that, of late. Property has not been regarded; as there hath not been, in his Memory, any

Controversy concerning Elections of Corporation Officers, till Michaelmas 1745, nor any Conteftat the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, except the last Election.

He said further, That the ancient Springs having been many Years dried up, and no visible Enjoyment of the Property, it cannot be known who has or has not Property in them, otherways than by Title Deeds.

Then the said Mr. Ingram being examined,«as to what passed at the Time of the Election, with relation to the Four other Persons, claiming as elded Sons of Burgesses, and objected to as not having Property in the Salt Springs, said, That this Objection was made at the Tirtie of the Election, to the Four Persons following; viz. John -ington Esquire, Mr. Other Philpot, John Talbot junior, Esquire, and Thomas Foley junior, Esquire, the Sitting Member; none of whom pretended that they had any such Property; and the Two Gentlemen last named claimed expressly to vote, as being eldell Sons of Burgesses.

When he was crots-examineci to this Point of Objection, he said. That the eldell Sons of Burgesses have been admitted to act as Burgesses in the Life-time of their Fathers; and that, from the Reputation of the Place, he always understood they had acied in Right of their being eldell Sons: That, till the last Election, he never knew any Objection made to them, on account of their Want of Property in the Salt Springs.

That there are in the Town Books, as far as they go back, several Instances, where Persons, claiming as eldest Sons, have acted as Burgesses in the Life-time of their Fathers, and have voted in Elections of Corporation Officers, feme of whom have exercised the Office of Bailiff'; but whether those Persons had or had not Property in the Salt Springs, the Witness could give no Account.

He further laid, That he was inclined to believe that the late Mr. Thomas Winnington, who in the Year 1722 acted as Burgess in the Life-time of his Father, had not then such Property; nor does he believe that Mr. Francis Winnington, One of the present Sitting Members for this Borough, had such Property, when he acted as Burgess in his Father's Life-time.

With respect to the Objection made to Andrew Wind-for Esquire, as not being either elected a Burgess, or the eldell Son of a Burgess, or intitled to any Properly in' the Salt Springs;

The said Mr. Ingram being examined, said. That he was chosen Town-Clerk of Droitzvich in the Year 17221 That no Entry appears in the Corporation Books to shew that Mr. Windsor was ever ekdled a Burgess: That he is the youngest Son of the Lord Windsor, who was afterwards Earl of Plymouth, and is about 70 or 80 Years of Age.

That by the Usage of the Borough, no younger Son of a Burgess can claim a Right to be a Burgess, unless the eldell Son dies without Issue.

Being cross-examined, he laid. That he hath inspected the Town-Books, as far back as the Year 1677; and that Mr. Windsor appears to havesigned an Entry therein,

as a Burgess, once; viz. in the Year 1721, upon an Election of Corporation Officers.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member admitted. That Property in the ancient Salt Springs is a neceflSry Qualification of an elected Burgess; but not of a Burgeli claiming by Primogeniture; and infilled. That nothing appears upon the Face of the last Resolution of the House to determine the Qualification of a Burgess; and that whoever has a Right to act as a Butgefs, is intitled to vote in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

That the eldell Son of a Burgess is, ipso faHo, a B urgefs, and may, when of Age, exercise all the Rights of Bur-

Eefsship, without any other Qualification: And they ob-:rved the Evidence, produced by the Petitioner's Counsel, declared this to have been the Usage.

Then, tojuftify Three of the Four Votes first objected to by the Petitioner's Counsel, they called,

The Reverend Mr. Thomas Philpot: Who said. That

b*

a1 Geo. II.

16® Decembris.

471

he was present at the last Election, and heard Objections made to the Votes of Mr. LMr. Harley, and Mr. Joil iff-., as not having Property in the Salt Springs; upon which they severally laid they had such Property; and that the Conveyances thereof were in the Custody of ger Jones, the Town Clerk, who was then present, and acknowledged they were in.h^ PolTeflTion; but being required by each of them to deliver up their respective Writings, rcfuled so to do.

Mr. Henry Roberts (who said he was employed by Mr. Masham to cake the Poll for him at the said Election) confirmed the Evidence of Mr. , with respect to

the Demand by the said Three Gentlemen, of their Conveyances from Jones, as before-mentioned, and Jones's llcfulal.

Then as to the Objection made to the elded Sons of Burge lies, they examined the Reverend Mr.

Who said, That he is 74 Years of Age, has known the Borough of Droitwich 60 Years, and has been at several

Elections of Corporation Officers: That the elded Sons of Burgesses have always voted at such Elections, in Right of Primogeniture; and many of them have been elected Bailiff?, during the Life-time of their Fathers; and some, to his own Knowledge, have presided at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: That it never was required, that Burgesses, who claim by Right df Primogeniture, should have Property in the Salt Springs; That if the cldcft Son dies without Issue, the Right defeends to the Second, Third, or other Sons, in Succession.

Being cross-examined, he said. He could not be certain whether those Persons, who claimed by Right of Primogeniture, and whom he remembers to have acted as Burgesses and Bailiffs in the Life-time of their Fathers, had or had not Property in the Salt Springs; but that be never heard they had any.

He said likewise, That the ancient Springs have been dried up and uleless above 40 Years.

Mr. Henry Roberts, aged 50 Years, said, That he has lived at Droitwich all his Life-time, except Five Years, but is no Burgess: That the cldcft Sons of Burgesses were always deemed to have a Right to vote, while their Fathers were living; and that several have voted incorporation Elections, in virtue of such Right, without any other Qualification.

To justify the Vote of Mr. Windsor, Mr. Philpot being examined, said, That he has known Mr.

Sixty Years: That he was always deemed to be a Burgess: That he remembers he acted as a Burgess in the Year 1721; but that he generally was either abroad or in Hampshire.

Then the Sitting Member's Counsel objcCted to Three of the Petitioner's Votes, viz.

To William Bedford senior, and Felix Calvert Esquire,

as having been elected Burgesses, without any Qualification of Property in the ancient Salt Springs:

And to Coningsby Norbury, as claiming from his Fa-

ther, who was a younger Son at the Time of the Death of his Grandfather, from whom his Right of Burgcfsship was originally derived.

Upon which the Counsel for the Petitioner admitted. That Mr. Norbury claimed as Heir to his Grandfather.

They also admitted, That William Bedford senior was elected 2 October 1721; and that Calvert Esquire

was elected the 5th of QElober 1741.

But Mr. Philpot, when they cross-examined him, owned, That Bedford had constantly acted as a Burgess, and voted at several Elections, without any Objection j and was always looked upon by the Witness, and generally reputed, to be a Burgess duly qualified.

The Counsel for the Petitioner, in their Reply, referred to the Report made from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the 11th Day of November 1690, touching the Election for this Borough, in order to shew the Grounds of said last Resolution, and to support their Construction thereof; . That Property in the ancient Salt Springs is a necessary Qualification of every

Vox,. 25.

Burgess, who claims a Right to vote in Elections for Droitwith Members to serve in Parliament: Which Report was ElcOioa. read.

As to the Objections made to William Bedford and Coningsby Norbury, they submitted their same to the Consideration of the Committee, upon the Evidence produced by the Counsel for the Sitting Member, with these Observations; That above 20 Years had passed since Bedford's Election; and that he had constantly acted as a Burgess; and that the eldest Son of s Grand-

father dying without Issue, the Right devolved upon the Second Son, who was the Father of the Voter.

With regard to Mr. Calvert, they at first offered to prod uce a Deed, to prove his Property in the Salt Springs, at the Time of his being elected a Burgess; but afterwards declined troubling the Committee with that Evidence, upon a Perfuaflon that they had already established a Majority of legal Votes for the Petitioner.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee#

That Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wick, otherwise Droitwich, in the County of Worcester.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Honourable Edwin San Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wich, otherwise Droit, in the County of Worcester.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Wich, otherwise Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, by rafing out the Name of Thomas Foley the younger, Esquire, and inserting the Name of the Honourable Edwin Sandys Esquire, instead thereof.

A Bill to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made Vexatious in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty An-eih. King George the First, intituled, an ACfc to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Wa, Lord Perceval, Mr. Nugent, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fane, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Bapt. Leveson Gower, Mr. tagu. Lord Howe, Mr. Northey, Sir John,

Lord Harley, Mr. Child, Mr. Hooper, Mr. West, Mr.

Hawkins, Mr. Buller, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Earle, Mr.

Sxvymmer, Mr. Lyjler, Sir John AJlle, Mr. Copleston, Mr.

Comptroller, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Morton, Mr. Pinney,

Mr. Affleck, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Wodehouse, Sir James Lowther, Colonel Lyttelton, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Cox, Mr. Selwyn,

Sir Francis Poole; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth have Leave to(go Lave of into the Country for Six Weeks, upon' extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i7° — 18°

472

Jovts,17® die Decembris;

Anno 11° Georgii II^ Regis, 1747. Prayers.

Droitwich rl 'HE Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to Return A Ortler, amended the Return for the Borough of ameudei'. IVich, otherwise Droitwich, in the County of

And then the House adjourned till To-tnorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerist 18® die Decembris;

Anno ai* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1747.

Praters.

Vexatious O IR Richard Lloyd reported from the Committee, to Arieft*.' U whom the Bill to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and‘vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; was committed, That the Commitee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was, with an Amendment thereto, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be

ingrossed.

Insurance oa Mr. Nugent presented to the House, according to Or-FrtnchShip*, der, a Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said. Bill be read a Second time upon Monday die 18th Day of January next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Benfou have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ways The Hdufe, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Mean*. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

; Mr. Ftme reported from the Committee, That they had Come to a Refblution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Mottling.

Mr. rant also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Three Weeks, retolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1747, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until 20

190 Decembris* 1747.

the 15th of December 1747, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Expenditure of the £.500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, for the Year 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Sollicitor-General have Leave to Dr. Drum-make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock. Jno"‘l df/‘re^ And he moved the House accordingly: ° *, CMC

Ordered, That the Honourable and Reverend Doctor Drummond be desired to preach before this House, upon Saturday the 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. Sollicitor-General and Mr. Godolphin, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That Mr. Harris have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Mr. John Heath have Leave to go Lraveof into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbatic 190 die Decembris;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, that he had Tivertoa received a Letter from the Right Honourable Writ. Sir William Yonge Baronet, and Knight of the Bath, lig-nifying, That he had been hindered by Sickness at the Bath from attending his Duty in Parliament, though in daily Hopes of being able to travel; and finds himself still unable to come to Town; and that he being elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Tiverton, in the same County, makes his Choice to serve for the Borough of Honiton.

And it appearing to the House, That the Petition of Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough of Honiton, doth complain only of the Election and Return of John Heath Esquire, who. together with the said Sir William Yonge, is returned a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Honiton-,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, in the room of the said Sir William Yonge.

The House being informed, That the Honourable Ed- Portsmouth ward Legge Esquire is returned as the Burgess elected to Writ, serve in this present Parliament for the Town of

thouth.

ai Geo. II. 19° Decethbris. — 11° Jauuarii. 473

1

mouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of 'Thorbas Gore. Esquire (who, being choseo a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Borough of Bedford, in the County of and also a

Burgess for the said Town of Port [mouth, made his Election to serve for the said Town and Borough of Bedford)\ and that the said Mr. Legge having gone to Sea in his Majesty's Service, there is an authentic Intelligence now received, that he the said Mr. Legge died before the Time of the said Election;

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do immediately attend this House, with the last Return of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Portsmouth.

The Clerk of the Crown attended accordingly*

And the said Return was read.

And it appearing to the House, That the said Mr. Legge is returned therein; and that the said Return came into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown upon the 17 th Day of this Lnstant December;

And the House being informed, by Letters received from a Person of undoubted Credit, That there was no kind of Opposition to the Election of the said Mr. Legge;

And the Journal of the House, of the 30th Day of November, and of the 5th Day of , 1710, in re-

lation to the same of the Lord Viscount Windfor (who, being cholen a Knight of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Monmouth, and also a Burgess >for the Borough of so amber, in the County of , made his Election to serve for the County of Monmouth} and de-fired that a new Writ might issue for the Electing of a Burgess to serve for the said Borough of Bramber, for which Writ a Warraat was then ordered; it appearing that there did not any other Person stand as a Candidate besides him and the Honourable Esquire,

though there was a Petition delivered to the Clerk of the House, relating to the Election for the said Borough) being read;

Resolved, That the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Town of Portsmouth, was a void Election.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the said Mr. Gore.

Ten per Cent, On Or before the Twenty second Ddy of April next.

Ten per Coni, on or before the Twerity-fourth Day of May next:

Tender Cent, on or before the Twenty-first Day of June next:

Ten per Cent, on or before the Twenty-first Day of July next:

Ten per Cent, on or before the Twenty-third Day of Augtfft next: And,

Ten per Cent, on or before the Twentieth Day of September next.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was,

Kthe Question put thereupon, agreed to by the fe.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of Five hunched thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to discharge the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, raised in pursuance of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament after the 29th Day of 1747.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not excecdingFive hundred Seventy-one thousand Eight hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1747.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Three Weeks, the 11 th Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Accou,t of Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Excise House, Accounts of the Gross and Net Produce of the Dmio. several Duties of Customs and Excises, and other Taxes, appropriated to pay the Principal and Interest of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years last; distinguishing each Year, and each Duty, and to what Part of the publick Debt each Duty (lands appropriated.

Way* Mr. Fane according to Order, reported from the airiMtuv. Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raffing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in has Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Times for the Payment of the Sum of Six million Three hundred thousand Pounds, in consequence of the Resolution of this House, of the 5th Day of this instant December, over and above the Deposit therein mentioned, be.

Ten per Cent, on or before the Twenty-eighth Day of January next:

Ten per Cent, on or before the Twenty-seventh Day of February next:

Ten per Cent.on or before the Twenty-fourth Day of March next:

V01.. 15.

Lundty lt° dieJanuarii;

Anno 21" Gfcorgii IP* Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr-. Oxenford from the CommitOoners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of the several Sorts of Corn exported from England in Three Years, from Chrtft-mas 1743, to Christmas 1746; distinguishing how much from London, and how much from the other Ports, with the Countries where to exported, with the Bounty payable thereon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Butter and Cheese exported from England in Seven Years, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1746; distinguishing how much from London, and how much from the other Ports, with the Countries where to exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Account of Com See. exported.

The House being informed, That some of the Com- Account of missioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door; Sump Du-

6E They ‘.e*, &c.

474

j i fjanaariil'

They were called in; and, at' the Bar, patented1 to . the House, pursuant to their Order, -J--

An Accovmt of the Gross and Net Produce Oft he several Stamp Duties for Five Years, ending 1747; drftinguishing each Year1 arid eath Drity, and to what publick Debts the same are appropriated i And also,.

A Paper, intituled, Apprentices' Duty — ^Ari Account of the Gross and Net Produce for Five Years, ended Au- . gujlthe 2d, 1747. ' ' ' ',) ;n

And then they withdrew. K

And the Titles of the said Accounts were feSd.11'-'1 Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Tctble; to be perused by the Members of the Hou(L'i - i The said Accounts are.bound up with the1 dther Papers of this Session. . ':j

Licencing The Hopfe being informed; That Mr. of

Han tenand the Commissioners for licensitig Hawkers' and Pedlars',' Pedlar], attended at the Doorv,. >< He was called in; and; at the Bar, ‘prefttitbd'tol the1 House, pursuant td thein Order, an Account'6f thCGtofi* and Net Produce iron* tbi.'Duty-for licerifing H&wkeri and Pedlars. '

And then he withdraws - 1 < - '"

And the Title of the said-Account-was read*:

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon' the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. - u

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session. /

'; 1; *,

WortUum- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker dp issue his Warrant, to brrlanj the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for'

Writ. the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to servein this pre?.

sent Parliament frir- the County of , in the

room of John Feimick Esquire, deceased. ....

Barnstaple Ordered, That Mr. Speaker-do\iflu<i his'Warrftrlt to1 ^r‘t. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ; *for the EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia*-1

merit for the Borough of Barnstaple, ih thelObtinty "of Devon, in the room of Henry Efguira, now Lord Rolle, called up to the House of Peers. ( .;

SUftefbury A Petition of Frafer Honywood Esquire; and also,. ileflion. A Petition of the several Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Shaft on, otherwisein the County of Dorset, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, oh behalf of themselves, and other the Inhabitants within the said Borough,.paying Scotland Lot;

Severally complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said Borough; being offered to be presented to the House.

A*Certificate of the DeputyrClerk of the Crown, fig-ftifying. That the Indenture whereby William,

Esquire is returned a Burgess for the said Borough, was delivered into the Office of the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery the 14th Day of December last, was read:

And the Order of the House, made the 16th Day of - November last, requiring all Persons, that will question)

any Returns, to do it withirf Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in, was also read: 1

But the House having been adjourned from the 19th Day of December last to this Day

And the House-being informed'. That the said Petitioners wouldlrave petitioned thils House within Fourteen Days next after the said Return was brought, in, if the House had not been so adjourned;

And the Journal of the House, of the 24th, Day of March 1661, in relation to the Report then made from the Committee of Privileges and Elections (whereby the House was then acquainted, that a Petition was delivered in to the said Committee, on the behalf of Sir William Dudley, on Saturday before, touching the Election for the Town of Northampton; but, by reason of the Adjournment of that Committee, was not delivered in by the precise Time' limited by the Rule of the House) and

23-

also in'felatioA to the Resolution of the Housedhtefeupoii,

i'fdr 'admitting the said Petition to be received, hs IF the ktrie Had been delivered in due, Time) being read; ‘ /

Ordered, That the said Petitions be ripw.admitted to be received;1 the same being not presented' in due Time;because of the last Adjournment of the House. "

- Then the said Petition of Frafer Honywood Esquire was btOUght up, and read; setting forth; That George Pitt Efejriirt, whowas returned One of she: Burgesses to fetve ! in this present Parliament for the Borough of Skafton, other wise Shaft esbury, -having1 made' his Election to serve for the County of Dorset, the Petitioner was, by a great Number of the Inhabitants of the Arid Borough, having a Right of voting, invited to offer himself as-a Candidate to re^relent the said Borough-in Parliament^ in the room of the said Mr. Pitt-,ancf that the Petitioner accordingly: apjjcdftd'as a Candidate at -a Court holden for the said Elect ion, before H^rw'Gentfeiruih, the thejO'Maydr dfthC'faits Borough, oA Ticefday the 8th Day of December last^ and that Bedford Esquire ,at

the famPtime'appOTret^H'anotlierCandidate; and that,. uporva-Pdtl -takCtfat the said'Election, the said Mr. Btfk-fortl-was, by the Taid Miyor, who aftdd as the Returning. Officer, declared to have a Majority of Votes, and; in confet^ernte thereof, wairetutncd:as1'du'Ty'eleCled to serve in-PiTliatrierit for the said Borough'; although rn faCl the Majorityot legal Votes was in favourof the Petitioner, who ought to have been so declared and returned instead of the said-Mf. Bedford:'And alleging, That the said Mayor

did, both before and during the whole Courseof the said Election, aft, in- favour of the said Mr. Bedford, in a most partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner, by peremptorily, and upon unjust and frivolous Pretences, and sometimes without any Pretence, refilling to admit several Persons'-to poll for the Petitioner, who were duly qualified, a^vd intitled to give, and who offered to give, him their Votes; and lfkewife by preventing several of the Petitioner's Friends; through Sollicitations, Threats, or other undue Influence, or byan actual and forcible Restraint upon their Eenfons; under colour of Law, from voting for the Peti- . tipneV, and also by'admitting a great Number of Personito poll for the said Mr. Beckford; al though it was then made appear, or offered to bfc proved, that they had no manner of Right to'vote at the said EleClien; and that the greater Number of those Persons who voted for the said Mr. Beckford, were thereunto induced and influenced by gross and notorious Bribery and Corruption; without which (as the Petitioner dpubts not to be able to prove) they w.oyld hayt given their Votes for the Petitioner: And therefore, and for that the Petitioner apprehends himself, by these unwarrantable Practices of the said Mayor, anjd other the Circumstances above-mentioned, unjustly deprived of his Right of being returned a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, praying the House to take the Pre- rilifos into Confederation; and to grant the Petitioner such Relief therein as shall be just.

- Then the said Petition of the several Inhabitants of the ancient Borough of Shaft oil, otherwise-' , in the County of Dorset, whefd Names ife t'hereunfo subscribed,

on bdialf of; themselves;and other the Inhabitants within the said Borough, paying Scotland :Lof ,-wks also brought ' up, and read; setting forth. That the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is veiled only in the Inhabitants thereof paying Scotland Lot; and that t'hc Petkioners, on the Vacancy of the Seat of George . P/V/i, Esquire, One of their Representatives, invited Frafer Honywood Esquire to (land Candidate at the -late Election for the said Botough; and that the said Frafer Honywood Esquire, on ‘Tuesday the! 8th Day of December last, at a Court then held within the said Borough, by the then Mayor thereof, for the-Election of a Burgess, in the room of the said Gerge Pitt Esquire, offered himself as" a Candidate; and that.William Beckford Elqaire likewise appeared at the said Court as a Candidate td represent the said Borough; and tfiat2 John Harvey, who then acted as Mayor and Returning Officer for the said Borough, pro--

cecdCd,

21 Geo. II.

13* rjanuari

475

ct'cded, at the said Court, tb the ElectW; ind, after the " ttc'was calWd'itt; Arid, at the Bar, prefetited to the Poll thereupon taken was closed, thofight fit to' declare Hoyfe, pursuant to . their Order, an Account of that the said William Btckfardhad the Majority bf legal Votes, Part'af the Revenhe of the Post Office which is appro-and accordingly returned hmdulyelcifted tA'nd alleging, priated to pay the Principal and Interest of the publick That the Petitioners, together rylth the othej Inhabitants Debts provided for by Parliament for Ftve:Years last. paying Scotland JLot, who polled;1 and:6ftettdto poll, for , And then he.tyithdrew. :l " '} ! -;

the ftid prafer mgpwood EfauftC, art thy'Majority of ' And the Title of the said AccouAf-vims tead/ legal Electors within the said :B'cn-ougfiJi noiynthftanaing That the said Account db'lie upon the Table,

which, the said John Harvey hath made such undue Re- to be pyrultd 'by the Methbers of the House. ' k

, turn, and, ' during the said Election, in.a partial and arbi- The said Accbmit \i bound Up with the other Papers,

' ‘ tfcwy Manner permitted several Persons to poll for the 1 of thrsScfljont 1:

said Mr. Beckford, who were not Inhabitants, nor had any " . u

Right whatsoever to poll at that Election^. and in like Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Expiring manner tefufed several of the Pebfione*, and others, who what LkWarc expired, or near expiring; and ltd report Law*,

tendered thcrtiselves to poll for the said Mr. Hohywbod, their ^Opinion to the'House, whithof themare'fit to be and who had a clear and undoubted Right (b to do; by revised, of, continued. / 1 '

which Proceeding of the said Mayor, a nominal Majority ' ‘ And a Committee' was appointed bf Srr of Sixty-two was procured for the said Mr. Beckford', Mr; ‘flay, Mr. Yorke, Sir1 Culvert, Mr. Turner,

and that, from the Misbehaviour.of the said Returning '-Lord rMr. Air. Clayton,

Officer during the Poll, and from the undue Influence that Mr. Mr. Nugent, Ml1. Mr.

had before been made use of on the weak and net effitous Cornwall, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Part of the Electors, by open apd exedfive Briber)', the Lord flprker, M Mr. A fie, Mr. *Mr.

Freedom of Eltdish luith been for this timfe absolutely Mr. Sehvyn, Mr. General Onslow,

wrelled from the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are ready to prove, that upwards of One hundred Persons, who voted lor the Lid Mr. Bedford, had each of them received considerable Sums of Money to fell their Votes at the said Election; and that, in older to tie them down to their corrupt Promiles, Notes of Hand, and other Securities, were extorted from them; which Securities were, even during the time of the Flection, threatened to be put in Suit against such who should refuse voting for him they had been ll» iiirgaily corrupted to support; by which uKans many of the Electors, who would have voted at the said Election for Mr. Hollywood, were prevented from f> doing: And further alleging, That the Returning Officer, from the Beginning to the End of the said Eltcli in, behaved in an unjustifiuble Manner, by dif-counging and intuiting the Electors who came to vote on the one Side; and by encouraging, prompting, and supporting, tltofe who came to vote on the other: and particularly, that the said Mayor caused near Thirty of the Electors, who were engaged to vote for the said Mr. Beckford, to be sworn in as Co :i (tables to attend the said Election; all of whom were mostly employed in keeping off, insulting, annoying, and discouraging, the Persons coming to vote for the said Mr. Honywood: and that particularly one William Meader, One of the Constables so appointed during the said Election, seized upon One of the Electors as he was endeavouring to enter the said Court, to give his Vote for Mr. Honywood, and forcibly carried him away, and confined him till after the Poll was closed, whereby his Vote was loft in the said Election, in great Violation of the Right and Liberty of Elections: And therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into ConGderation; and that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, in Support of this their Petition; and that the House will give the Petitioners such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Eedions: And that they do examine the Matters thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-

ofPrivileges. tions be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 12° Januarii;

Anno 21° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

PR A YERS.

Account of r I H E House being informed, That Mr. JeJfe, Ac-Post office. X comptant-General of the Post-Office, attended at Rev#nue- the Door;

VOL 25.

Mr. Leigh, Colonel Bofcazven, Mr. Mr.

Mr; Proivfe, Mr. Poulett, Mr.' Humfrey, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Faz Mr. Mr. TempeJI, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir James Lowther, Mr.

Fostereau, Mr. Palmer % Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mr.

Aijlabie, Mr. Dowdeswell; and all the Gentlemen of the '

Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Samuel Nichols be Dr. Nichols desired to preach before this ! louse at St. Margaret's, desired to Westminster, upon Wednesday the 17th Day of February FeacL next, being the Day appointed by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a General Fall: And that Mr cot and Mr. West do acquaint him therewith.

» .

And then the House adjourned till To-fnojrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 130 die Januarii;

Anno 210 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.;

Prayers.,

AP ETIT IO N of the several Freeholders and In- Bowes Ac.

habitants within the County of and North Road.

Riding of the County of York, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the Hous.-, and read; setting forth, That the High Road leading from Bowes, in the County of York, through Barnard in the said County of Durham, and (b from Barnard-Castle along to Staindrop, in the said County of Durham; and from thence through Newgate, in in the said County of Durham, to Gamdless Bridge: and from thence to MelderjlonGill, to the Turnpike Road near "

Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham; being the common High Road from Westmorland to the City of Durham, and Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, by reason olfthe Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing along the lame, is become very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pass along the same without Danger: And therefore (in regard the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended without the Aid of an Act. of Parliament, the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, being not of Ability to amend the fame) praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and amending the Road

aforesaid

476 13® — 140 — 15® Januarii. A. 1747.

aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to this Coaches and Chairs, for Five Years, from Midsummer House shall seem meet. 1742, to 1747; distinguishing each Year,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* and how the ume is appropriated, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine And then they withdrew, the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall ap- And the Title of the said Account was read, pear to them, to the House: , That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Mr. Yorke, Mr. to be perused by the Members of the House.

Thornton, Mr. Thornhafh, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Barker, The said Account is bound up with the other Papers

Mr. Bapt. Leveson Gower, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Saville, of this Session. Mr. Ashe, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Northey, Mr. Monchton, '

Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Townsend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ordered, That Sir John Strange have Leave to Ray in Fane, Mr. Whiehcot, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Palmer, Mr. the Country, upon account of thelndisposition of his Lady.

Lloyd, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. War burton, Mr. Cox, Sir

Thomas Wynn, Mr. Medfycott, Mr. Fellowes, Mir. Sym- Ordered, That Sir George Oxenden have Leave to ftav mons, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Child, Mr. Lyster, in the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- Mr. Rydleyt and all the Members who serve for the (ions.

Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, and West-

morland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five A Bill for the better Relief of the Poor by voluntary of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Charities, was read a Second time.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

That the Bill be committed to a Committee The Order of the Day being read; of the whole House.

Way* Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning _ Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fort-and Meaa*. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the upon the said Bill.

Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Conimktet Ordered, Thai the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Morning, Nine of the Clock.

of Privilege*, tions be adjourned. '______.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 14° die Januarii;

Anno at® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747-

Pa avers.

Account of HTH & House being informed, That feme of the Corn-Salt Duties. A missioners of the Salt Duties attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Grols and Net Produce of the Duties on Salt for Five Years, from Lady-day 1742, to Lady-day 1747* diRin-

guishing each Year; shewing also to what Part of the publick Debts the said Duties (land appropriated.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed. That Mr. Needier, Ac-iwiie n>ui«. comptant General of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Accounts of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties of Excise, and other Taxes under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, appropriated to pay the Principal and Interest of the publick Debts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years last; distinguishing each Year, and each Duty, and to what Part of the publick Debts each Duty Rands appropriated.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Accounts was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed, that feme of the Com-Hackney missioners for licensing Hackney Coaches attended at the

Conch Duties. Door }

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Revenue arising by Hhckney-

Vtneris, 15* die Januarii; Anno at® Georgii II41 Regis, 1747. Praters.

SiRDER ED, 'f'hat Richard Prince Aftley Esquire, and Robert Pigot Esquire, be at Liberty to withdraw their Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Shrewsbury, in the County of Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

A Petition of the JuRices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the High Road from Piers Bridge to Kirkmirrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County, being one of the High Roads from London to Edinburgh, is in divers Places, by reafen of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, become so deep and ruinous, that the several Days Works on the Highway, as by the Law is provided, are notsufficient to keep the same in such Repair as to make the same pafiable without great Danger to the Persons travelling the said Roads; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, in which the said ruinous Roads do lie, are not of ability to repair the lame, without feme other Provision; there being, in many Places thereof, no Materials to be had but at great DiRancesfrom the respective Places where the said ruined Roads do lie: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof* and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Corners D'Arcy, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Belchier, Sir Charles Kern. Tynte, Mr. Methuen, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Medlycott, Sir James Lowther, General Handafyd, General Onslow, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Whiehcot,

Leave of

Abfeoce.

Ditto.

Poor Relief.

Shrew (bory Election.

Piers Bridge Roads.

Supply.

Way. nd Menu.

Coventry tied ion.

4i Geo. II. 15® — 18

Sir tVm. Calvert, Mr. Archer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Thorn-

hagh, Mr. Richards, Mr. Mr. Bet belli and

all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, and North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

R&ved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itl'clf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Robert Bird Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, at the lait Flection of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, Samuel Greatheed, Esquirej and the Petitioner were the only Candidates j and that, at the said El. ft ion, Richard Laugham Gentleman, and George

Porter Gentleman, presided as Returning Officers; and, being predetermined to return the said Samuel Greatheed, they, the said Richard Lang ham and George , together with divers other l'erions unwarrantably gained into the Inter ell of the said Samuel Greatheed, not only before the Day of Election, but aito in the Course thereof, and at the Poll taken at the said Kleftion, and at the Scrutiny afterwards pretended to be proceeded in, acted in the moll partial, arbitrary, and illegal Manner, in favour of the said Samuel Greatheed; and that the said Returning Officers did, at the said Election, admit many Persons to vote for the said Samuel Greatheed, who had not any Right lb to do; and that many other Persons, who had an undoubted Right to vote at the said F.lection, and who promised to vote for the Petitioner, were intimidated from voting lor him; and that many other Persons, who were well intit led to vote at the said Election, and who would have voted for the Petitioner, were, by Menaces, Arrells, Imprisonments, and other Acts of Violence and arbitrary Power, committed by the said Samuel Greatheed, the Returning Officers, and others, in the Intcrcllof the said Samuel Greatheed, cither interrupted or delayed, or wholly hindered, in polling for the Petitioner 1 and that the said Returning Officers arbitrarily rejected the Votes of more than Two hundred other Persons, who were duly qualified, and ought to have been admitted to vote at the said Election, and who offered to vote for the Petitioners and that many Persons were induced to vote for the said Samuel Greatheed by Bribery, and other corrupt and illegal Practices used by the said Samuel Greatheed, and hit Agents, and others on his behalf; by means whereof, the said Samuel Greatheed has been returned a Citizen to represent the said City in this present Parliament, in Prejudice of the Petitioner, who had a Majority of legal and uncorrupted V otes of the said Samuel Greatheed, and therefore ought to have been returned to represent the said City: And alleging, That, at the time of the said Election and Return, the said Samuel Greatheed had not, nor was he seised of, or intitled unto, such an Ellate of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as did qualify him to be eiefted and returned a Citizen to serve in Parliament for the said City, or capacitate him to fit or vote as a Member of this House, according to the true Jntent and Meaning of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Iccuring the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to lit in the House of Commons; and therefore infilling, that the Election and Return of the said Samuel Greatheed are in this respect void: And therefore praying the Houfo to take (he Premises into Consideration; and give the

Vox., *5.

Januarii. 477

Petitioner such Relief therein as to the House shall seem just.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 18° die Januarii; Anno 2i* Georgii IIdiRegis, 1747.

Prayers.

SI R NathanaelCurzon Baronet, being chosen a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Derby, and also a Burgess for the Borough of Clithero, in the County Palatine of Lancaster\ and having alleged. That he proposed to make in Person his Election for which of those Places he would serve within the Time limited by the Order of the House} and that he several times proposed to come to Town, in order to attend his Duty in Parliament, but that he had been detained in t,he Country by an Indisposition in his Family, which obliged him from time to time to put off his intended Journey;

He now made his Election to serve for the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, in the room of the said Sir Nathanael Curzon.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the Castle of Lincoln, was presented to the House and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Lincoln, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That the Limits, Powers, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, lliat the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Produce of the New Subsidy, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1746, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of Wine imported into England, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1746, with the Amount of the Duties, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1747, of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass Wares, and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign.

A Petition of the Lord of the Manor of , in

the County of Wilts, and of the several Owners and Pro-

6 F prietors

Committee of Privilege.

Clithero

Writ.

Insolvent

Debtor.

Petition.

Office of Coroner.

Account of New Subsidy.

Account of Wines imported.

Account of Dud s on Glass Wares, &c.

Badbury

Inclosure.

47 8 18° — 19° . A. 1747.

prietors of the common Fields and commonable Places of and belonging to the Tything or Hamlet of aforesaid, called the East and West Fields, in the Parish of Chifledoii, in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of the said common Fields and commonable Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have lately entered intoanAgreement, under their Hands and Seals, for inclosing and dividing the said common Fields and commonable Places into due Allotments and Proportions; and that although the said Inclosure and Division will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and an Improvement of their several Interests and Properties in the said common Fields and common-able Places of Badbury, the said Agreement cannot be

effectually carried into Execution, fully to answer the Intention of the Parties concerned therein, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, in regard some of the Parties intended therein are Minors, under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Agreement aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. John Talbot of Lacock, and Mr. Popham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Leave of Ordered, That the Honourable Mr. Craven have Leave

AbCtuce. to jn Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Oafl of The Order of the Day, for the Call of die House, »ke House. being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till Thursday Fortnight.

Munnceou A Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to FieachShtp*. France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Seven-night, relblve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Refohed, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-awl Means. ing next, relblve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 21* Georgii IId> Regis, 1747.

Praters.

Office*f A PETITION of his Majesty's Coroners for the Coroner*. Jf\_ County of Rutland, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this. Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

20

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Convention Command, presented to the House, *ir

His Majesty's Act of Consent to the Convention be- roo()* c‘ tween the States General and his Swedish Majesty. Landgrave of Hesse, for 3,040 Men: Hague, 9th June, N. S.

1747; and

Translation: And also,

Copy of the Convention between his Majesty and the Empress of Russia: Dated Pelerjhurg, 12th June 1747; and

Translation: And also,

Copy of the Act of Prolongation of the Treaty of Friendship and Alliance between his Majesty and his Electoral Highness of Mentz: Signed at Whitehall, 17th June 1747; and

Translation: And also,

Extract out of the RegiSlcr of the Resolutions of the States General, 5th July 1747, N. S. j and Translation: And also,

The States General's Act of Consent to the Treaty of Subsidy concluded with Russia,5th July 1747 } and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Acts of Consent, Copies, and Extract, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Translations are as followeth;

Translation of his Britannick Majesty's Act of Consent to the Convention between the States General and his Swedish Majesty, Landgrave of HeJJe, for 3,040 Men: Hague, 9 June 1747.

Their High MightineSTcs being about to treat, and ready to conclude, a Convention with his Majesty, Landgrave of Hesse, for a Body of 3,040 Men, which is to enter into the Service and Pay of the Repub-lick; and the Republick being to engage herfeif, in order to defray the Expences which the Entertainment of the said Troops shall cause his Swedish Majesty, to pay an annual Subsidy of Seventy-five thousand Banco Rix dollars during the Two Years that they shall be actually in the Pay of the Republick; and an Augmentation of that Subsidy, at the Rate of One hundred and Twenty-five thousand Banco Rix-dollars, valued at 53 Stivers current Money of Holland, for the Time that they shall be no more in the Pay of the Republick, and that they shall be fentback: His Britannick Majesty engages himself, by this present Act, to contribute to the said Subsidies the Three-fourths upon the Foot of the Agreement made in the Article of the Refultat, of the 9th January 1747,

N. S. with respect to the extraordinary Expences of the War, and the new or farther Subsidies which shall be thought fit to be promised to some Courts or Princes, without his said Majesty's charging himself with any future Expence for the ordinary Entertainment of the Said Troops.

And whereas his Swedish Majesty is engaged to his Britannick Majesty, to hold his Troops ready for the Service of his said Majesty, in case he Should have Occasion for their Service, without being at Liberty to give them to others but with his Leave; his Britannick Majesty, to Shew his Friendship for his good and faithful Allies the States General, and his Zeal for the Good of the common Cause, consents and permits, that the said Body of 3,040 Men may enter into the Service of the Republick in the manner expressed by the Treaty projected between his Swedish Majesty and their High MightineSTcs the 3d June 1747.

Done at the Hague the 9th June 1747.

Signed

(L. S.) SANDWICH.

Translation

ionventioit

iritbjluflh.

21 Geo. II.

19* Janu

A19

Translation of the Convention between his Majesty and at St. Petersburg, in the Space off wo Months, or sooner, the Empress of Russia, of the *2th June 1747. ifpoffible.

In thv Name of the Holy and Undivided Trinity. . In Wi.,n^ wh'rcof- ,h' 'bn^amci MiniSert,

1 1 have made Two Exemplaries of this Convention, of the

Although his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and same Tenor* containing the Four foregoing Articles;

her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias, have, by the which, by virtue of our full Powers, we have signed, and

Treaty of defcnfive Alliance concluded in the Year 174a, pot thereto the Seals of our Arms. Done at St.

and still happily subsisting, mutually promised to each , the Twelfth Day of June 1747.

other to employ their Care and Endeavours, to the end,

(L. S.) H*

(L. S.) C. AR. (L.S.) fVtronzvw.

Translation of the Act of Prolongation of the Treaty Treaty with of Friendship and Alliance between his Majesty the the Elc&orof King of Great Britain, and his EJcftoral Highness

of Mentz.

Britain and his Electoral

chiefly, that.a general Tranquillity may be maintained in

Europe; yet his Majesty the King of Great Britain,"and

her Imperial Majesty of all the Rij/Jias, in order to give

to each other fresh Proofs of their mutual Friendship, and of their sincere Desire always to act unanimously, for the Security of their common Allies, and to secure themselves against certain Incidents which may happen in the Course of this Year, and to put themselve3 in a Condition

of not being surpri^el, ha« given their full Powm, m T offriendthip tad Alliance between

TnrWr TTv 2, ,1 >« Majesty the king of Great Briu

of HynJ/trJ, Wcount oflgl'/by and NmfUtr, Uird Highndsof Mmz concluded and signed theayth O.rmui.,1 of Cwwrriaef, Peer of Great Srrrara, Lteu- , of ^r,v of the Year 1744, for the form of Fiat tenant of the Shoe of iaarri, and Knvh of the most YJn ^b lirtue ^hich his Electoral High-Anctent and Noble Orier of the Thlftle, htl Brtta.- J u'd ce, tain Condiuonj, to keep on

.,r* Majesty s Ambassador Eat raord.rury and Plentpo- Foo, Body of Troopt, sufficient to cover his Territories, tennaty to her Impenal Majesty of all the Rsffias; ai>d p.rticularly h,s City and Fortref, of Afrtat, from all and laer laid Impenal Majesty of all the Rtfa, to Mo, ,nfl£a,d Surprize: A'(i whereas (,he Term of the said Count B'Jtutk'ff Rum,n her Chancellor, actual Pnvy. T being To expire the ayth Day of the Month of Counsellor, Senator, and hoigl.tof tfte Order.of S,.Ai, of ,£ f,ar) his Highness baa re-

TT?'i 72 77 E"&' and Si {‘r2z Nty' prefenced to his Majesty. Tltat he was disposed

hnd to Count »W , he, Vice Chancellor, £ mcv >nd , the for the father

actualPovy-Counsellor, Lieutenant of her own Company Ttrm of TbrecK Years? after the Exp, ration of the afore-of Life-GuanK actual Chamberlain and Knight of the M T ;fhis said Majest , ‘ Jly dif ofed so to Orden of «<Wku and ft/.rf Earfrr, of Sr. Akxmdtr <|o. And hij fcng of Grei B'M a6cr

Ncujly and Sr. Amu, which Ministers. after lume pre- bavi tb'e Benefit which the common Cause

vinus Conference, and having communicated to each wou, froro such , pro|0,gatio, ,d being desirous other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the ,0 a,r»cr>Kon his Part, the )a °dabie Zca, and6tbe pub.

following Articles: lick-spirited Intentions which his Electoral Highnel's.b*s

I. constantly shewn, for maintaining the publick Liberty and

Her Imperial Majesty of all the Raffias, without at- Security, during the Course of the present War, they have

tending to any Hopes that may be entertained of renew- authorized, to that End, their respective Ministers to

ing the Conferences for a Pacification between the belli- draw up an Act, whereby all the Conditions of the Pro-

gcrent Powers, engages herself nevertheless, in order to longation in Question might be stated, and finally settled;

lircond his Britannick Majesty's Views of forwarding a viz. his Majesty the King of Great Britain his Privy-

speedy Peace, for the Advantage and Security of the Cownlellors, Philip Lord Hardwicke, his Chancellor of

common Allies, to hold in Readiness, during the Course Great Britain, Lionel Cranfield, Duke of Dorset, Preli-

of this present Year, on the Frontiers of Livonia, bor- dent of his Privy-Council, and Knight of the most Noble

dering upon Lithuania, a Corps of Infantry, of Thirty Order of the Garter, 'Thomas Holies, Duke of Hewcajile,

thousand Men, and besides them, Forty or Fifty Gallies One of his principal Secretaries of State, and Knight of

upon the Coarts, with their proper Equipages, in such the most Noble Order of the Garter, Philip Dormer,

Manner, that they may aft upon the first llequisition Earl of another of his principal Secretaries of

to be made by his BritanniaI Majesty, and namely, at the State, and Knight of the most Noble Order of the Gar-

Place where Necessity shall require, in order to assist his ter, and Henry Pelham, Firit Commissioner of his Trea-

Majesty and his Allies: It is however hereby understood, fury, and Chancellor and Under-Treasurer of his Exche-

that the said Body shall not begin its March until the quer; and his Electoral Highness, the Chevalier Charles

Conditions upon which it shall be lent shall first be re- jfofeph Francois D'Annejy, Lord of Champigny, of the

gulated and agreed upon. Barony of Monthureux, of Valroy, of , and the

II. Castle of Crezil, (Ac, his Minister to his said Majesty;

His Britannick Majesty engages himself, on his Part, ^ho- aft«r having communicated to each other their full

in order to limply, lie Exiience which the Keeping of the Powers, have agreed to renew and to prolong, as they

said Troops and Gallies shall occasion to the Emprels of by this present Act, the above-mentioned Treaty, m

all the Russias, to pay to her, once for all, for this Year, at^ of its Articles: It is, however, to be under-

One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, as soon as the Subsidy, payable by his Ma-

— - - - -- jesty to his said Electoral Highness, shall not exceed the

Sum of Fifty thousand German Rixdollars a Year: And this preLnt Act shall have the same Force and Vigour,. as if the said Treaty, and all the Articles relative thereto, were inserted in it. Word for Word: And the Ratifications thtreof shall be exchanged at London, on the one Part, and on the other by the under-written Ministers, within the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Witness whereof. We, under-written Ministers of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and of his Electoral Highness of by virtue of our respective

full Powers, have signed the present Act of Prolongation, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Ratifications of this Convention shall be exchanged.

III.

In case that his Britannick Majesty should be pleased to keep this Body for the next Year also, upon the Conditions settled by this present Convention, his Majesty engages to give early Notice thereof, namely, in the Month of November of this current Year; to the end that, if his Britannick Majesty should have no farther Occasion to keep the said Corps in the above-mentioned Country, it mar be distributed as shall be thought meet in the interior Parts of the Empire.

IV.

The Ratifications of this Convention shall beexchanged Vo*. 25.

Tmty with Holland.

480 19° Januarii.; Jl. 1747*

to. Done at Whitehall, the 17th Day of the Month of June, in the Year 1747.

(L. S.) Hardwicke, C. (L. S.) Le Chevalier

' (L.S.) Dorset, P. de Champigny.

(L. S.) Holies Newcastle.

(L.S.) Chesterfield.

Translation of the Extract out of the Register of the Resolutions of the High and Mighty Lords, the States General of the United Provinces.

Wednesday, 5 July 1747.

After Deliberation upon what the Earl of Sandwich, Minister Plenipotentiary from his Majesty the King of Great Britain, represented on the 9th June last, in a

Conference to the Deputies of their High Mightinesse for foreign Affairs, viz. That his said Majesty having givem Orders to the Earl of Hyndford, to conclude and sign a Treaty with her Majesty the Empress of all the Jias, by virtue of which her laid Imperial Majesty is obliged, during One Year, to be computed from the Day of the signing the said Treaty, to hold in Readiness, upon the Frontiers of Livonia, bordering upon Lithuania, a Body of Thirty thousand Men, Infantry, of her national Troops, exclusive of between Forty and Fifty Gallies upon those Coasts, properly equipped, so that they may be in a Condition to act, upon the first Requisition which his tannick Majesty shall make, and in such Places where it shall be necessary to assist his said Majesty, and his Allies: And that his said Majesty, in order to contribute, on his Part, towards the Expences which the Maintenance of the said Troops and Gallies cause to her Imperial Majesty, being to engage to furnifti her, once for ail, for this Year, One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, as soon as the Ratifications of the said Treaty shall be exchanged; he did not in the least doubt. That their High Mighti-nesses, finding this Project so advantageous for the common Cause, would consent to pay their Contingent in the said Subsidy, upon the Foot of the Agreement made in the Article of the RefuUat, of the 9 January last, N. S. concerning the extraordinary Expences of the War; It has been found good, and resolved. That the said Earl of Sandwich shall be answered upon the said P.oposition, That their High Mightinesse apprehend, with his said Majesty, that the said projected Treaty will tend to the great Advantage of the common Cause; and that therefore they are dii posed and ready to contribute One-fourth, for their Contingent in the Subsidy of £. ioom Sterling promised by that Treaty for One Year, upon the Foot of the Agreement made in the Article of the of

9 January last, concerning the extraordinary Charges of the War; and the new or ulterior Sulidies, which shall be judged necessary to be allowed to some Courts or Princes, without their charging themselves thereby with any farther Expences, for the ordinary Entertainment of the said Troops.

And, for that Purpose, an Act or Declaration shall be drawn up in Writing, which shall be given to the said Earl of Sandwich, or, in his Absence, to the Resident Mr. Dayrolle.

Translation of the States General's Act of Consent to the Treaty of Subsidy, concluded with 5

July 1747, N. S.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, being about to treat, and ready to conclude, a Treaty with her Majesty the Empress of all the RuJJias, in consequence of which Treaty, her said Imperial Majesty, during the Term of One Year, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the said Treaty, is to hold in Readiness, upon the Frontiers of Livonia, bordering upon Lithuania, a Body of 30" Men, Infantry, of her national Troops, exclusive of between 40 and 50 Gallies, with the necessary Equipages, upon those Coasts, in a Manner that that Body may aft upon the first Requisition to be made by his said Britannick Majesty, and in such Place wh^re Necessity may require it to assist his said Majesty, and his Allies; and his Britannick Majesty being to engage,

in order to contribute towards the Expences which the Entertainment of the said Troops and Gallies will cause to her said Imperial Majesty, to pay, once for all, for this Year, a Subsidy of f. 100'" Sterling, as soon as the Ratifications of the said Treaty shall be exchanged; their High Mightinesse engage themselves, by this present Act, to contribute to the said Subsidy One-fourth, upon the Foot of the Agreement made in the Refultat, of the 9th January 1747, N.S. with regard to the extraordinary Expences of the War, and the new or ulterior Subsidies, which shall be thought proper to be promised to some Courts or Princes, without their High Mightinesse charging themselves with any farther Expence lor the ordinary Entertainment of the said Troops.

In Witness whereof. We have caused the present Act to be signed by the President of our Assembly, and to be subscribed by our First Grefiier.

Signed,

Hague, 5 July 1 747. C. Beni inch.

(L. S.) Subscribed,

By Command of the States General,

H. Fagel.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Hereford, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees an* nexed, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Tire Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Pitt Esquire, and Robert Banks Hodgkinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the Sixteenth Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and E'eftions, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And they having Itated the Right of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, to be only in the Mayor and Magistrates of the said Borough, and in such of the Inhabitants of the said Borough as pay Scotland Lot, and in the Freeholders of Lands or Tenements there, who have been, bona fide, to their own Use, in the afcual Occupation, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits, of such Lands or Tenements, for the Space of One whole Ye:r next before the Election, except the same came to such Freeholders by Descent, Devi fe, Marriage, Marriage-Settlement, or Promotion to some Benefice in the Church;

And the Counsel for the Sitting Members having denied That to be the Right of Election, and having stated the Right to be in the Mayor and Magistrates of the said Borough, and in such of the Inhabitants of the said Borough as pay Scotland Lot, and in all the Freeholders of the said Borough;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to prove, That the R'ght of electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, is only in the Persons in whom they had stated that Right to be.

And the original Petition of George Pitt Esquire, which had been left with the Clerk of this House, pursuant to a

then

Office of Coroacr.

Wareham

Election.

a i Geo. II.

19" — 11* Januarii.

481

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

then Standing Order of the House, and was read in the And the Question being put, That the Words Houseupon the 18th Day of October 172a, complaining posed to be let t out (land Part of the Question; of an undue Election and Keiurn for the said Borough; and the Order of the House, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and E led ions; were also read:

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members were heard, in Support of their State of the Right of Election.

And the Journal of the House, of the 15th Day of June »66t, in relation to the Report then made from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching an Election for the said Borough, wherein it is reported.

That the first Question in that same was, whether the

rp , r. v C Mr. Secretary at War' 7

Tellers for the Yeas,' Mr Gmgc £nmm {

Tellers so, the Nocsf^«f j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

pro-

204.

95*

Then the main Question being put.

Resolved, That the Right of Elediort of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of in the County of is only in the Mayor and Magistrates

Election was to be by the Mayor, Magistrates, and Free- of the (kid Borough, and in such of the Inhabitants of holders, of the said Borough only, or by them and all the said Borough as pay Scotland Lot, and in the Free-that paid Scotland Lot? And that the Opinion of the holders of Lands or Tenements there, who have been. Committee was, That all that paid Scotland Lot had to their own Ule, in the actual Occupation,

Votes in Election, with the said Magistrates and Free- Or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits, of such holders: And that the Second Question was, whether Lands or Tenements, for the Space of One whole Year the Petitioner, or the Sitting Member, had the Majority next before the Election, except the same came to such

of Voices ? And t hat the Opinion of the Committee was. That the Sitting Member was duly elected and ought to fit: And also in relation to the Resolution of the House thereupon, to agree with the said Committee,'I hat the

Freeholders by Descent, Devise, Marriage, Marriage-Settlement, or Promotion to some Benefice io the Churctu And the Counsel were ordered to be called in;

And the Counsel, who were then attending, came in;

Sitting Member was duly elected.and ought tofit in the and Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Refo-House; was also read: lution:

And the Journal of the House, of the i:d Day of De-. And then the said Counsel weredireded to withdraw^ tember 1690, in relation to a Report then made from the , That the further Hearing of the Matter of

Committee of Privileges and Uedions, touching another the Petition of John Pitt Esquire, and Robert Banks Election of Burge lies for the said Borough, wherein it is Hodgkinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election reported, That the Right of Election was agreed, both and Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County

by the Petitioner and bitting Member, to be in all the Inhabitants of the said Borough, paying Scotland Lot, and in the Freeholders of the said Borough, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Sitting Member? examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in Support of their State of the Right of Election: and One of the

Counsel for the Sitting Members summed up their Evi* dence, as to the Right of Election.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard, by way of Reply.

And then the Counselon both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being propo-fed, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Warebam, in the County of Dorset, is only in the Mayor and Magistrates of the said Borough, and in such of the Inhabitants of the said Borough as j zyScotand Lot, and in the Freeholders of

Lands or Tenements there, who have been, bona fide, to their own Ule, in the actual Occupation, or in the November 1747 Receipt of the Rents and Profits, of such Lands or Te- the Building.

of Dorset, be adjourned till 7 kMorning next.

And then the House adjourned till 7hurfday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Jcvis, 21° die 'Januarii;

Anno n* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

THE House being informed, that Mr. Horne, from the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the-House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament; the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from the Der-zventwater Estate, between id December 1746, and 30th November 1747. and of their Proceedings in carrying on

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read. The said Report is as followeth; viz.

nements, for the Space of One whole Year next before the Elt-dion, except the same came to such Freeholders by Descent, Devise, Marriage, Marriage-Settlement, or Promotion to (bme Benefice in the Church;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out all -the Words therein, after the Word " there,"

1747.

In Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentzvater and Charles Radcliffe; requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital,

for Seamen, at Greenwich, to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing and completing the said Royal Hospital in a workman-like and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, do humbly report as followeth j

£. t.'d.

There has been received, between ift December 1746, and 30th November 1747, out of the Rents

and Profits of the Estate - 8,101. 1. 11,

Yoi. zy

6<*

Greenwich Hospital.

-482 2i° Jarmarii. A. 1747.

As to their Proceedings in carrying on the Building: £. s. 4.

'The new Works done.this Year towards finishing the South Front of King William' % Court, the Chape!, Vestibule, and Stair-cases to D % in Queen Mary's Court, and Three Apartments in Queen Anne's Court, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Seven hundred Twenty-four Pounds

Seventeen Shillings and Four Pence.....- 4,724 17 4

The ordinary Works and Repairs done this Year, amount to the Sum of One thousand Three hundred Seventy-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Four Pence - - . - - - - 1,3 76 15 4

6,101 11 8

Note. There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on account of Repairs, between 1st December 1746, and 30th November 1747 - - - - , - - - 139 17 4$

And by the Treasurer of the Hospital, to the Governor and Company of the Bank of land., for Interest due to them on the Sum of£. 25,900 at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, which was advanced by them to pay off Incumbrances on the Derw EfUte ;for the like Sum;

Part of which was at £. 5, and the other at £. 6 per Cent, per Annum - - - - 1,036 — —

By Order of the Commissioners.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account cf The House being informed, That Mr from

Gwfw'res Exchequer,: attended at the Door;

Ike. He was called in; and, at the Bar, prefen ted, to the House, pursuant to their'Order, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1747, of the additional Rates and

Duties on Glass Wares, and Spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, bjr an Act of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

And then he Withdrew. '

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1747, of the additional Rates, and Duties on Glass Wares, and Spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, by an Act of Parliament the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,; viz.

For Annuities for Lives ----- -- - 22,288 io —

For the Bank, for Annuities at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum - - - - 60,000 ----- ----- ---£. s. d.

—— ----- ----- -----82,288 10 —

In Cash, at Christmas 1747 - -' - 42,441 18 4$

Account of new SubGdv.

Deficiency, at Christmas 1747

Exchequer, 21st January 1747.

John Dazvfon.

39,846 11

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta- House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Pro-

ble, to be perused by the Members of the House. duceof the new Subsidy, from Christmas 1739, to -

1746, distinguishing each Year.

The House being informed, That Mr. Parsons, Comp- And then he withdrew.-

trofler-General of the Customs, attended at the Door; And the Title of the said Account was read.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the The said Account is as followeth; vrz.

An ACCOUNT of the Produco of the New Subsidy, from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1746, distinguishing

each Year.

d.

1 of

9 7

3

From Christmas -

( 1739 ' 1740 - 246,614 J. 15

1740 1741 - 307,716 7

1 *741,) To Christmas / 1742 - 233,249 1

\ 1742 1743 - 262,338 —

1743 *744 - 239,302 18

1744 1745 - 234,602 9

*745 , k 1746 - 211,089 12

£. 1,734,913 6

9h

Ciiftoro-house, the 21ft. January, 1747.

R. Parsons, Comptroller-General.

N. B. This Account it the Net Produce paid into the Exchequer, together with £.20,000 per Annum, paid to his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Account of The House being informed, That some of the Commis-

HoafeDuties. for Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Houses, appropriated to pay the Principal and Interest of the publick Debt, provided for by Parliament, for Five

Years last, distinguishing each Year and each Duty, and to what part of the publick Debts each Duty stands appropriated.

And then they Withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perafed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Jhe

Accounts of Corn, $ c. exported.

Bowe % 5rc. Roads.

Piers BridgM Roads/

21 Geo. II. 2i* Jauuarii, 483

The House being informed, That Mr. Bowles, Agent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door:

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Corn, distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from Scotland, from Michaelmas 1744, to Michaelmas 1747, distinguishing each Year; together

with an Account of the Bounty paid thereupon; and also an Account of the Places from and to which the same were exported: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Butter and Cheese exported from Scotland, from Michaelmas 1740, to Michaelmas 1747, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Places from and to which the same were exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Account* do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Wine imported into , from Christ-

mas 1739, to Christmas 1746, with the Amount of the new Subsidy paid on the annual Importation, by the Medium of Seven Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantity of Wine imported into from Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1746,

with the Amount of the new Subsidy paid on the annual Importation, by the Medium of Seven Years.;

Quantity.

Tuns. H. G.

From Christmas 1739, to Christmas 1740 - - 3 60

1741 17,178 1 3

1742 16,713 3 s*

1743 17 >655 — 34

1744 10,276 2 60

1745. 16,034 1 34

1746 12,205 1 11

Total 105,264 3 8

D s. d.

The new Subsidy paid on the annual Importation by the Medium of Seven Years 46,156 2 11

Custom-house, London,

21 January 1747-3. John Aff. 1. General.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants within the County of Durham, and North Riding of the County of York, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, a« it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the same was read; and is as lolloweth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Charles Lo-.v IVhe:ell Esquire was examined: Who said. That the Road described in the Petition is in a very had Condition, and in same Parts not pafl'able in the Winter Season, and in other Parts so narrow, that Two Ilorfes cannot pass each other without great Difficulty: That the Statute-work has been performed, but is not sufficient to repair the said Road.

Mr. William Hutchinson was also examined, and confirmed the Evidence of Mr. as to the bad Condition of the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from Bowesin the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham; and from

thence through Slaindrop and Nnegate, in Bishop Auckland, along Gibb Chair, to G Bridge; and from thence to Melderston Gill, otherwise Gill, to the

Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham: And that Mr. Vane and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subsetibed, was Vol. 25.

referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said' Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Edward Rayne and Mr. William Lee severally laid. That the lload from Piers Bridge to Kirkmerrington, and to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, is Part of One of the High Roads from London to Edinburgh: That the same is very much out of Repair; and that the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, are not able to repair it, without some further Provision be made by Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the High Road from Piers Bridge to rington, in the County of Durham; and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the same County: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Lambton, Sit Conyers D' Arcy, and Mr. Vane, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

A Petition of George Montgomery Esquire,

Byrd Esquire, and Ezra Patchwas presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That th<? Petitioners George Montgomery and ‘Thomas Byrd, together with Rejla Patching deedaftd. Father of the Petitioner Ezra Patching, did, in or about the Year 1743, let on Foot a Work lot furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Stratford, We/l-Ham, Bozo, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, arid

other Parishes and Places adjacent, with loft Water, for domestick and otherUfes; and for that Purposedkiobt'ain Leases of several Foot-paths, and other waste Grtwrids, in order to lay Pipes, and to erect proper Buildings for carrying their Design into Execution; and have accordingly, at a very considerable Expence, built Reservatories for Water, and also a large Engine to be worked by

Account of Wine, imported.

Stratford Water Company-

4?4 2I. — 22° — 25° Januarii. 1747.

Fire; but that, notwithstanding the great Sums of Money already expended by the Petitioners, in their said Undertaking, whereby many of the said Inhabitants are . now supplied with good and wholesome Water, at acheap / and easy Rate, yet much larger Sums will be necessary to carry the said Work to Perfection; which the Petitioners are deterred from laying out, by reason that thetr Properties in such Pipes, Reservatories, and Engines (land so much exposed to the Attempts and Practices of wicked and ill-minded Persons: And therefore, in Consideration of the great Benefit which has already accrued to the Inhabitants of the said several Parishes and Places, from the said Undertaking, and of the much greater Benefit which would arise to them, if the same was carried to Perfection, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for impowering the Petitioners to perfect the said Undertaking, 4nd for better securing their Properly in the fame, by such. Means, and in such Manner, as to the House (halt seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr.

Sir Robert Long, Mr. G, Sir Robert Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Beji, Mr. Mr. Harvey, Sir Mm. Beauchamp Protlor, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Charles

*Tynte, Mr. Child, Mr. Mr. Pye, Sir John Cud,

Sir Edmund Thomas, Lord Dmeraile, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

IVinuington, Colonel Lyttelton, Mr. Mr. Martin, Mr. Master, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Sir Miles

Stapylton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hamilton, \Ir. Southwell-, and all the Members who servefor the Counties of and Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wtreham The House, according to Order, proceeded to the Elc&on. further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Pitt F.squire, and Robert Banks Hodgkinson Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset:

And the Counsel were called ih:

And a List having been delivered in, containing the Names of several Persons who voted for the Sitting Members at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and whom the Counsel for the Petitioners proposed to disqualify, as having voted in Right of Freeholds to which they were only intitled by Conveyances, dated within a Year next before the said Election;

And the original Poll, taken at the said Election, having been produced by Mr. Harbyn, the Returning Officer;

The Counsel for the Petitioners examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify the Persons whose Names are contained in the said Lift.

They also examined several Witnesses, in order to disqualify several other Persons who voted for the Sitting Members at the said Election, as not having been, bona fide, to their own Use, in the actual Occupation, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the several Freehold Lands or Tenements, in Right of which they voted.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Pitt Esquire, and Robert Banks Hodgkittfon Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 2* die;

Anno 2i° Georgii IIJi Reg's, 1747.

PlUYF.R S.

AMOTION was made, and the Question being put, That the Instruction given to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon rlie 26th Day

of November last. That they do hear the Matter of the Petition of John Kirrill Esquire, complaining of an undue Elc&ion and Return for the Borough ol in

the County of Comivall, upon Monday the 22d Day of February next, be discharged;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,. So it passed in the Negative.

{ I5°-

Trrjr*

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to SutV*X-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hi< Majelh;

Resolved, That this House will, uoor. Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House War* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the P.oduce of the new Subsidy, from Christmas 1739, to Chiflmas 17+0, distin-

guishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Wine imported into England, from Christmas 17.39, to Christmas 1746, with the Amount of the new Subsidy paid on the annual Importation, by the Medium of Seven Years, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fir again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

Committee of Privileges.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2 50 die Januarii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Foreign Ordered, That the Bill for naturalizing foreign Pro-Protefcutt* testants be read a Second time upon this Day Fort-night.

Prayers.

A PETITION of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Bucks, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this

Vmat»ou»

Axrcih.

Committees*

S*nit ford Water Company.

Wav.

ind Means.

a i Geo. II. 25 0 Januari485

this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That the Limits, Power, and Nature* of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrefled Bill to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth Year of the lteign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the Filth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir Richard do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Campbell, Mr. ca!fe, Mr. //'odehouse, Mr. FMr. Humfrey, be added to tire Committee, to whom the Petition of George Montgomery Ktquire, Thomas Byrd Et'quire, and Ezra Patching, is referred.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Ret dutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he rear! in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at th.e Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, a Subsidy of Poundage, of Twelve Pence in the Pound, be laid upon all Goods and Merchandize imported into this Kingdom, according to the Value or Rate settled by the respective Books of Rates, or any Act or Acts of Parliament relating the reunto, over and above the present Duties charged thereupon.

Refdved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That l") much of an Act of Parliament, of the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majestytas enacts, That Pr ize Goods and Merchandize may be exported, without paying any Duty of Custom or Excil'c for the fame, be repealed.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Refutation be re-committed;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the said Refutation was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Itelotation of the Committee being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the Clause of the Act of Parliament, mentioned in the said Resolution, might be read:

And the said Clause was read accordingly:

Then the said Refutation was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Legge, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. ffeJ, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolution, which, upon Saturday the 5 th Day of December last, was reported from the Comipittee of the whole House, to whom it Vol. 25.

was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, arid was then agreed to by the House; and allb, That the Resolution which, upon Saturday the 19th Day of last, was

reported from the said Committee, and was then agreed to by the House; might be read.

And the said Resolutions were read accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Six Millions Three hundred " thousand Pounds be raised by transferrable Annuities, " after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum; " and that an additional Capital of Ten Pounds be added " toavery One hundred Pounds advanced; the said actditional Capital to be by way of Lottery, consisting of " Tickets of the Value of Ten Pounds each; the Blanks " and Prizes to bear an Interest of Four Pounds per Centurn per Annum; the Interest of the said Annuities and Lottery to commence from Michaelmas 1748: That " every Subscriber shall, on or before the 12th Day of " December Instant, make a Deposit of Ten Pounds per " Centum with the Cashiers of the Bank of England; and " every Subscriber paying in the whole or any Part of " his Money at or before the Time, or respective Times, " that shall be appointed for the Payment thereof, such Subscriber shall be allowed Interest after the Rate of " Five Pounds per Centum per to be computed

" from the Day on which such actual Payment shall have " been made, to Michaelmas next; and that the said " Deposit, and all other Sums, paid to the Cashiers of the

Bank, in virtue of this Resolution, shall by them be paid info the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, to be " applied, from time to time, to such Services as shall " then have been voted by this House, in this Session of " Parliament, and not otherwise.

" Resolved, That the Times for the Payment of the " Sum of Six Million Three hundred thousand Pounds, " in consequence of the Resolution of this House of the " 5th Day of this Instant December, over and above the " Deposit therein mentioned, be,

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 28th Day of January " next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 27 th Day of February

" next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 24th Day of March next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 22d Day of April " next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 24th Day of May " next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 2ift Day of June " next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 21st Day of July " next.

" Ten per Cent, on or before the 23d Day of August " next. And,

4 Ten per Cent, on or before the 20th Day of Septem " ber next."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare and bring in the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolutions of the 5th and 19th Days of December last.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6 H

Supply*

Committee of Privileges

486 26° Januarii. A. 1747*

Mart is, 26® die Januarii;

Anno 21* Georgii II4* Regis, 1747.

Pit A YB It 8.

Navy Debt. /JRDERED, That the State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it Rood at last, be laid be-

fore this House.

Btrmfnghatn, A Petition as well of the Trustees for putting in Ex-

fcc. Roads, ecution Two several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, One of them for repairing the several Roads leading from Birm, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High and to Great

Bridge., and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson, and from Great Bridge, through Dudleyto and to the fur-

ther End of Brittel Latte, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester-, and the other of them for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of W; as also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, near, or usually travelling through, the said Roads, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That in and by the said Acts, both which commenced in May 1727, several Tolls and Powers were granted and given, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years: That in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, an Act passed for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted by the afore-mentioned Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, so far as related to the repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Dudley id the Town of Bromsgrove; but that no Provision was made in the said Act to continue the Powers for carrying on the Repairs of the Roads from Birmingham to Bromsgrove: That, the better to answer the Intention of the Two first-mentioned Acts, by carrying on with Effect the Repairs of the said Roads, thereby directed to be amended, the Petitioners, the Trustees, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Acts, and have applied the fame, together with the Money arising by the Tolls, to the several Purposes by the said Acts directed; notwithstanding which, some Parts of the said Roads are, by reason of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the lame, in a bad Condition in the Winter Season; and such Parts thereof us have already been amended, by virtue of the said Acts, will, in a short time, become ruinous again, if constant Care.be not taken to repair the same: That the Repairs of the Roads directed to be amended by the said former A&$ cannot, during the Terms aforesaid, be completed, and the Money now due, on the Credit of the said Acts, be repaid, unless the Terms and Powers granteefby the said former Acts be enlarged: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers granted and given in and by the Two first-mentioned Acts, so far as relates to the repairing the Roads from Birsaikgham, through the Town of Wednes-htaty, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of and from Great Bridge,

through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester-, and so for as relates to the repairing the Roads from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham; and for explaining and making more effectual the same Acts.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: ,

20

And it is referred to Sir Charles Mur daunt, Mr. War-' burton, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Proby, Mr.

Mr. Child, Lord Harley, Admiral MMr. Mr. Gore, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. AJion,

Mr. Leveson Gozvcr, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr.

Chetwyud, Lord Dnpp/in, Mr. Henley, Mr. Symmons,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pytts, Sir John Ajlley, Mr.

Colonel Leighton, Mr. Heath, Sir Humphry Co-

lonel Conway, Mr. Vi/tiers, General Haudajyde; and a!L the Members who serve lor the Counties ol Warwick,

Worcester, and Stafford:And they aie to meet th s Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Convention Command, presented to the House, w.thHoikiw,

Copy of the Convention between his Majesty and the &c-States General on the one Part; and the Empress of Russia on the other. Dated St, P 19th Nov. \ 747; and,

Translation: And also,

Copy of the Convention for the Campaign 1748.

Dated Blague 26 January 1748, N. S. and,

Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also acquainted the House, That he was commanded by his Majesty to lay before this House aPropoin! for furnishing a Ho ly of the Troops of Hanover, to act in the Low Countries, for the Year 1748.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented the said Proposal to the House.

And the said Lift, and the Title of the said Proposal, were read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Translations, and also the said Proposal, are as folio wet h; viz.

Translation of the Convention between his Majesty and the States General on the one Part; and the Empress of Russia on the other. St. Petersburgh, 15 November 1747.

In the Name of the Holy and Undivided Trinity.

Whereas his Majesty the King of Britain, and her Imperial Majesty of ali the Ruffas, have mutually engaged, by the Treaty of defendve Alliance concluded in the Year One thousand Seven hundred Forty-two, and which Hill subsists so happily between the Two high Parties to employ their particular Care to preserve the general Tranquillity of Europe, and to extend farther their Engagements of Friendship as Occasion shall require; and that her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffins has, on her Part, very much lamented the Peace and Tranquillity being disturbed for some Years pad in Europe, and the Re-establishment of which upon the ancient Footing, is, according to all Appearance, not only far off, but that also the present Danger even increases, by the Superiority of the Forces of the Enemies of her high Allies; and that, for this Reason, flie has only waited for a favourable Opportunity to remedy it; and as his Majesty the King of Great Britain has communicated, in Confidence to her Imperial Majesty of all the Rnffias, by the Earl of ford, his Ambassador extraordinary' and Plenipotentiary, redding at this Court, his Intention, to wit, That his Majesty, in order to advance this Re-establishment so dedred, and to obtain the common Quiet and Balance in Europe, and consequently to attain this filutary Dedgn, tending to put an End to the Troubles of Europe, would be willing, jointly with their high Mightinesse the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, to take of her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias to his Assistance, and into his Service, as well as that of his other Allies, a Body of Thirty thousand Men of her Troops, on Condition of certain Subddics which shall be agreed upon on the one Part and the other; and that thefr High Mightmeffes have likewise made known to her

Imperial

21 Geo. II.

26° JamariL 487

Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffins, by the Sieur Swart, their Envoy extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary here, that they were agreed with his Majesty the King of Great Britain, to enter with his said Majesty into the same Engagement, and to bear half of the Costs and Expences required for the said Body of Thirty thousand Men of the imperial Troops of Rtffia; her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias, to give his Britannu Majesty, as well as their High Mightinesses and their other common Allies, afielh P roof of the lincerc Friendshipand Confidence which she inviolably preserves for them, as also of the Care which lhe has always taken, in Concert with the Maritime Powers, for the Kc-establishment of Tranquillity in Europe, being very much disposed to accept the Propositions which have been made to her on their Part, and to grant them her Troops also, in Conformity to the Alliance which subsists between her and his llritmtnick Majesty, she has been picaftd to order her Ministers, to wit, her Chancellor, actual Privy-Coun cl or, Senator, and Knight of the Orders of St. Andrew, of The Wand of St, Alexander Nezcjhy, Aiexy Count de Bejtoucheff as also

her Vice Chancellor, actual Privy-Countellor, Lieutenant of the Company of Body-Guards, aiflual Chamberlain, and Knight of tr.e Orders of The White Engle, of The Black Eagle, ( I St. Alexander Nezvjhy, and of St. Xj'ih, Michael Count de tPcronzozv, toenter into Conference, upon this

Subject, with the fai:l Amb.-.ffuior extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of his B'i/aunirk Majesty at this C mrt, John Earl ot Hyud/ord, Viscount L'.yjejb'.'.ry and Lord

Carmichael of Carmichael, Pier of Great Britain, the King's Lieutenant in the Shire of Latterk, and Knight of the most ancient and iiluflriou- Order of the Thifile, and the Sieur Marcel de Szcart, Envoy extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of their High Mightinesse; which Minifteis, by viituo of ther respective full Powers, and after having conferred and deliberated amongst them-lelves, arc agreed on the following Articles:

Article I.

Her Imperial Majesty of all the promises to

give and lend a Body of Thirty thousand Men, Infantry, ol her Troops, well exercised and well armed; comprehending the rein, for the unavoidable Necessity in the Marches, Four hundred Grenadiers on Horseback, and as many irregu'ar light Troops: as also Two Pieces of Cannon, of Three Pounders, for each Regiment, so that there shall be in all the Regiments Forty-six Pieces of Cannon, with the necessary Artillery Servants, to the Aliiftance, and for the Service, of his Britannick Majesty, and of their H^gh Mightinesses the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of t he Loiv Countries, as also of his and

their other Allies, fur Two successive Year', after the said Tr oops shall have passed the Frontiers of On the

ether Side, his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mightinesses the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, oblige themselves to pav to her Imperial Majesty of all the for this Body of Troops to be granted, a Subsidy of Time hundred thousand Pounds Sterling a Year, to be computed from the Day that the said Body shall be put in March from the Frcntieis of till their Return

upon the said Frontiers, in what Manner soever the said Return may be occasioned, whether it be at the Requifi-tion of her Imperial Majesty otall the RuJJias, or that the said Maritime Powers should think it proper themselves, as this is more fully explained in the following Articles. Thele Subsidies shall be constantly paid in full, for the Term of Four Months in Advance, at and in

ready Money, deducting them from the Total. The Payment of the full Four Months Subsidies, that is to say, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, shall be likewise advanced at Riga, in ready Money, and immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Convention.

Article II.

As the said Body of Auxiliary Imperial Troops of Ruffin, to be yielded, is already upon the Frontiers of Livonia, in a Condition to march, it shall be put in Motion Vol. 25.

from the said Frontiers of Livonia as soon as possible, after Convention the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Conven- w'th Holhnd, tion, and shall set out from Cottrland in the Month of c* January of the next Year One thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight, continuing its Rout towards the Rhine, in order to be there employed in Conjunction with the other Troops of the Allies, either upon the Moselle, or in the L<nv Countries, as the Occasion of War shall require. The said Body shall march in Three Columns* or as the General, who shall have the Command, shall judge convenient; regard being had to the Time and to the Situation of the Countries, in directing their March from Cottrland, through Lithuania and Poland, to via, and from thence to O/mufz in Moravia, without touching, however, upon the Poflessions of his Majesty the King of Prussia, in any Place whatsoever: Afterwards it

shall pass through the Territories belonging to her Majesty the Emprels of the Romans, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and through the Circles of the Empire, as far as upon the Rhine, or still farther, as has been said above* by the most direct and convenient Way, according to the Rout which shall be communicated before-hand. For this Purpose his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesses, engage and take upon themselves to obtain a free Passage for the said Body of Auxiliary Tioops through the States and Countries above-mentioned, of his Majesty the King and the Republick of Poland, of her Majesty the Empress of the

Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, as also of the Circles of the Empire, as well for its March towards the Rhine, or farther, as is laid above, as for its Return towards the Frontiers of Russia.

Article III.

The said Body of Auxiliary'Troops shall lie maintained and provided with Portions and Rations and other Necessaries, at the Expence of her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias, during its March from the Frontiers of Russia, through Poland, to the Frontiers of Upper Silesia; in Confederation of which, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesse, oblige themselves to pay her Imperial Majesty of all the RuJJias, at Riga, and before-hand, in ready Money, immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Convention, and independently' of the Subsidies of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, stipulated above, but apart, the Sum of One hundred Fifty thousand Crowns of to be employed in making the necessary Provisions far this March. When this Body of Auxiliary- Troops shall be arrived on the Frontiers of Upper Silesia, to wit, at the Town of Bilitz, the Commissaries, who shall be ex-prdsly appointed for that Purpose, on the Part of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, as also of their High Mightinesse, shall receive it, and charge themselves with its Maintenance, at their own Expencej and the said Commissaries shall cause to be delivered to it, not only upon its farther March from the said Town of Bilitz, but also during all the Time that the said Body shall remain in the Service of the Two Maritime Powers, and till it be returned upon the Frontiers of Poland, the Portions and Rations inNaturd-, to wit, to the Non-commissioned Officers, Soldiers, and others, in Portions, each Man a Day, Two Pounds of Rye Bread, One Pound of Meat, or Fish on Fast-Days, or else the Value of a £ound of Meat in Money, One Quarter of a Pound of Oatmeal, as also Two Pounds of Sait a Month; and in Rations, for each Horse a Day, Six Pounds Two-thirds of Oats, Sixteen Pounds Tyro-thirds of Hay, and besides chopped Straw, upon the same Foot as is given to their own Horses, and those of the other Allied Troops; the whole in Holland Weight. At the Approach of the Time of Winter Quarters, convenient Quarters shall be assigned to all the said Auxiliary Troops, without excepting the Generality, nor the Officers as well of the great as of the small Staff1; and shall furnish them Wood and other Necessaries without Payment. But in case that (saving the Bread and Forage) the other above-mentioned Provisions, for whatever Reason it may be, cannot be delivered m Naturd, it 1 shall

488 26° Januarii. A. 1747;

Convention shall be allowed to agree and settle with the General com-WiHolland, landing this Body of Imperial Russian Troops, and to pay him for those Provisions in ready Money, at the Price which shall be settled with him. The said Troops being arrived on their Return to the Front id's of , shall be alike maintained from thence to the Frontiers of fia, at the Expence of her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, in Consideration of a farther Sum of One hundred Fifty thousand Crowns of , which the Maritime

Powers Hull cause to be paid in Time, in ready Money, and in the said Town of , to the General commanding the said Body of Troops; That is to say, as soon as the said Troops shall be returned to the Frontiers of Poland, as has been said above, with regard to their Maintenance, during their March from the Frontiers of Russia to those of Upper Silesia: It is, however, understood, that the said Sum of One hundred Fifty thousand Crowns of Holland shall be likewise paid, as has been laid above, in-depencrently, and without being abated out of the ftipu-lated Subsidies. In case of Mortality of any of the Bag-gage-Horses, during the March of the said Body, and before it reaches the Frontiers of Upper ,the Maritime Powers engage, besides, to supply their own Voor Spann, for the said Deficiency of Horses, from the said Frontiers of Upper Silesia, without deducting the Colts either from the Total of the stipulated Subsidies, or from the Money which, as has been laid above, shall be paid for the Provisions.

For the rest, the Subsistence of the said Troops shall be constantly paid them on the Part of her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias.

Article IV.

These Auxiliary Troops being arrived at the Place appointed upon the Rhine, they shall, as has been said above, be employed there, as well as any-where else where the Occasion of War Hull require, and where the Maritime Powers, with their Allies, shall find it proper; on Condition, neverthelds, that, although this Body of Thirty thousand Men be granted to the Two Maritime Powers jointly, it shall, however, be never separated, either upon the March in going thither or in returning, or in case of Counter-marches, Operations, and Actions; but that it shall be kept together as much as possible, and that it shall act in Conjunction with the Troops of the Maritime Powers and the other Allies,

Article V.

These Auxiliary Troops shall be commanded by the Imperial General of Russia that Hull be at their Head; who shall lolely depend on the Person who shall have the Command as well of the Troops of the Maritime Powers, as of those of their other Allies upon the Rhine, or upon the Moselle, or in the Low Countries, or to the Person on whom the Command shall devolve, during his Absence; and shall receive from him only the Word and Orders: For the rest, no important Enterprize shall be undertaken, without having previously deliberated upon, and formed the Resolutioa in, a Council of War, and in Presence of the Commanding Imperial General of Russia.

Article VI.

These Auxiliary Troops shall have their own Priests, and the free Exercise of their Religion; and shall conduct themselves in whatever relates to the military Service accord inglp their own Imperial Russian Regulations, Articles, ana military Constitutions: But if any Disputes. shall happen between the Officers or Soldiers of the combined Troops, they shall be examined and decided by an equal Number of respective Commissaries of both Parties, and the Offenders shall be pur.ished each according to the military Laws of their Sovereign. It shall likewise be lawful for the Generals and other Persons of these Auxiliary Troops, during the whole Time they shall be in the Service of the Maritime Powers, to carry on a free Correspondence with their Country, without any Hindrance, either by Letters or by Expresses, and as often as they shall please.

Article VII.

notwithstanding that by the Fourth Article it is a) ready expressly agreed, that this Body of Auxiliary Troops

shall be kept together as much as can be, and that it shall not be divided, it is farther reserved, in particular, that these Troops shall not be exposed to greater Fatigues than the others; and that for this Reason a perfect Equality shall be observed in all Expeditions and Operations: The Commander in chief therefore shall be obliged to observe a just Proportion in all Detachments which shall be nude according to the State and Force of the whole Army. It is farther agreed amongst the high contracting Parties, that these Auxiliary Troops shall enjoy, in the Enemy's Countries and Places wheresoever they may be, in general, and without any Exception, the func Plunder as the Maritime Powers shall allow their own Troops to enjoy: The same Thing is understood also with regard to Trophies, as Cannon, Colours, and other Things, which shall have been taken by the said Auxiliary Troops from the Enemy, on Occasion of an Action, and which consequently shall remain their Spoil.

Article VIII.

The said Auxiliary Body shall be provided on the Part of Russia with whatever it shall want in Clothes, Arms, and other necessary Munitions, during the First Year, to be reckoned from its March; but whatever shall be judged necessary to be Cent to the said Body, after the Expiration of that Year, flvill be transported and delivered from the Frontiers of Russia, at the Expence of the Maritime Powers; And as far the rest, feme of these Things which the Regiments may want, cannot be replaced, by rcalon of the Distance from the Frontiers of they shall be

all delivered to the said Imperial Russian Body, rn the Part ofrhe Maritime Powers and of their Allies, from the Countries where they shall be had, at a reasonable Price.

Article IX.

As for Powder and Ball, they shall be supplied on the Part of Russia, as well for the Soldiers as for the Field-pieces of the Regiments, as also whatever is requilitcfor the said Field-pieces, in as great a Quantity as is customary on Marches, the whole being lent all at once, with the Auxiliary Troops; but in case of a longer Halt of the said Troops in those Countries, they shall be provided with all those Things, without paying, on the Part of the Maritime Powers, or of the other Allies, to be made use of in the Operations against the Enemy.

Article X.

notwithstanding that this Body shall have, asusual, its own Surgeons, with their Mates, and the necessary Drugs to cure their Sick, with each Regiment, it is, however, agreed, that in case the said Auxiliary1Troops should be put in Motion, or employed in military Operations against the Enemies of the Maritime Powers, or of their Allies, not being able, for that llcafon, to have and take care of the Sick and Wounded with their Regiments, on account of their great and dangerous Illnesses, and that they should be obliged to leave them behind in any neighbouring Towns or Villages, that then they shall always not only be received by Conimiffiaries, expressly to be appointed for that Purpose, on the Part of the above-mentioned Maritime Powers, but that the said Sick and Wounded shall be also taken care of in a convenient and necessary Place, and provided with their own Surgeons and Medicines: They iliali be also supported equally at their own Expence, and further fub-fifted in every thing, on the fume Footing as is ordinarily practised in the Hospitals, with respect to the People of the Maritime Powers own Troops, and of the other Allies: The Persons whom it shall be indispensably necessary to leave of the above-mentioned Auxiliary Troops with those Sick, to serve and take care of them, shall likewise be provided with Quarters, and fubfilted at the Expence of the Maritime Powers, on the same Footing as has been above llipulated, with regard to thelc Auxiliary Troops. likewise, if, on the Return of thele Auxiliary Troops to Russia, they should be obliged to leave any Sick behind for some Time, and People with them to take care of them, the Maritime Powers charge themselves in general with their Entertainment and Subsistence, at their own Expence; and shall cause theni all to be transported and elcorted to Russia, either by Land or by Sea, as can

21 Geo. II. 26° Janari. 489

be most conveniently done, after the Sick shall be recovered: All the Money laid out for the Entertainment and Transportat ion, as well of those Sick as of the military Persons of the Imperial Troops of Russia, who shall be with them, to take care of them, shall in no-wife be deduced from the Sum of the Subsidies to be paid.

Article XI.

In case that, on account of the Operations of the War, any of these Auxiliary Imperial Troops of should be made Prisoners by the Enemy, they shall not be left in such same without Care being taken for their Liberty; but the Maritime Powers promise on their Side to use their utrnoft Effort chat they may be ransomed immediately, or after the Armidice, as Opportunity shall offer, at the Expence of the Lid Maritime Powers; or that they be releated by virtue of the Cartel which should then subsist between the Two belligerent Parties, and be returned to flic said Auxiliary Troops. In Return, all the Prisoners who shall be taken by the said Body of Auxiliary Troops from the Enemy, shall be delivered up to the General Commander in Chief of the Allied Troops, except the Ddcrters of these Auxiliary Troops, Subje&s of in case there shall be any amongst those Prisoners.

Article XII.

His Majesty the King of Gr , and their High Mightinesses, promise, by virtue of the present Article, to use their Endeavours, to the end that it be most rigorously prohibited in the States of her Majesty the Empress of the Ramans, Queen of Hungary and and of

their other Allies, to receive any-where any Deserter of these Auxiliary Troops, nor to engage them in any Service; and dill lei's to retain any one under other Pretences, but to cause the Deserters to be seized, where-ever they shall be found, and to fend them forthwith, without Exception or Excul'e, to the General Commander of the said Troops: On the other hand, the General Commander of this Auxiliary Imperial Corps of shall be obliged to give up to the General Commander in Chief of the Troops of the Maritime Powers, and of their other Allies, all the Deserters who should take Refuge with this Auxiliary Corps of Russia, of whatsoever Nation they may be, excepting the Subje&s of her Imperial Majesty of all the Raffias.

Article XIII.

Notwithstanding it be laid in the Fird Article, that this Auxiliary Body of Imperial Russian Troops is yielded to the Disposal of the Maritime Powers, for Two Years, to be computed from the Day which they shall march from the Frontiers, it is nevertheless agreed, that in case Peace be made with the Maritime Powers, before the Expiration of the said Term, or that they should not have farther Occasion for them, the said Troops shall be lent back into the Empire of Russia sooner, and even before the Term of Two Years.

But in case that the Peace be not made, and that these Auxiliary Troops be retained in the Service of the Maritime Powers above Two Years, they shall declare it in Time, to wit, Four Months before the Expiration of the Term, to the end, that they may agree anew about the longer Stay of the said Troops in those Countries. In like manner, when it shall be found necefliuy, on the Part of Russia, not to leave this Auxiliary Body above the Time ol Two Years in the Service of the Maritime Powers, but to make them indispensably return. Notice shall be also given to the said Maritime Powers, Four Month? before the Expiration of the Term: A* for the red, it is also agreed, that if it happens there be no farther Occasion fur these Troops to lie employed there in the Service, then they shall not, however, be tint back into Russia, but in a convenient Season (or the March; the Autumn and Winter Months, therefore, a> those of ber, November, December, January, and February, shall be expressly and namely excepted out ol thete Marches.

Article XIV.

If the Empire of Russia, alter the fending of the said Troops, fr.ould be attacked by any Chridian Power, in that Cafe, the Marit.me Powers promise and engage not only to fend back these Auxiliary Troops immediately

Vol. 25.

after the Requisition shall be made, and at what Time it may happen, but his Majesty the King of Great Britain also obliges himself in particular to furnish, without Contradiction, the Succour stipulated by the Treaty of Defen five Alliance, concluded in the Year 1742, with her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, either in Ships or Money, as shall be found most convenient and most useful for the Defence of the Russian Empiie, according to the Contents of the Fifth Article of the said Treaty. till such a new War be intirely ended; and to fulfil, besides, exactly and faithfully, t (^Engagements of the said Treaty: Moreover, though her Imperial Maiedv of all the Ruffias is not directly engaged in the present War in Europe, (he does not fail to intered herself effectually to put an End to it, by the Million of a considerable Body of these Troops: For this Reason the Maritime Powers shall take care, in order to promote the Peace, that an Imperial Ministerof Russia be invited and admitted without fail to the next Congress, as well as the Miniders of the other Powers which are concerned therein.

Article XV.

It is also agreed, that in case, at the same time, the said Auxiliary Imperial Troops of Russia shall befent.or be in Motion, or in the Service of the Maritime Powers and their Allies, the Russian Empire should be attacked by any Power, not Chridian, or that War be declared against it by any of them, the Maritime Powers promise and engage likewise to fend back these Auxiliary Troops, immediately'after the Requisition shall be made, and at whatsoever Time it may happen.

Article XVI.

In case that one or the other of these Two Maritime Powers should not be longer inclined to keep the said Body of Auxiliary Troops, or that it should judge proper, on account of some Circumstances, of whatsoever Nature they may be, and which could not be foreseen, to depart from the Engagements taken on this Head, the said Maritime Powers bind themselves not only to answer the One for the other, and to keep alone this Body as long as they should have Occasion, but to pay also readily, and without Hesitation, the Subsidies dipulated for this Body; Co that in case his Majesty the King of Great Britain departs, contrary to all Expectation, in ooe way or another, from his Engagements, then the Republick of the United Provinces of the Low Countries shall be obliged, nevertheless, to fulfil alone the Conditions dipulated by this Convention, to keep this Body intire together, and to pay the whole Sum of the Subsidies which is agreed on: The like Performance is likewise to be understood, vice versa, on the Part of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, to wit. That in case the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries do not execute the Conditions dipulated, then his Majesty the King of Great Britain binds himself in like manner to fulfil alone the Conditions dipulated by this Convention, to keep this whole Body, and to pay the whole Sum of the Subsidy which is agreed on.

Article XVIL

The Ratifications of this Convention shall be exchanged here at St. Peterjbwrg, in the Space of Two Months, or sooner, if podible.

In Tedimcny whereof, we the said Miniders have made Four Indruments of this Convention, of the same Tenor, containing the preceding Seventeen Articles, which by virtue of our full Powers, we have signed, and let thereto the Seal of our Arms. Done at St. the 19th Dav of November 1747.

(L. S.) Hyndjord.

Convention for the Campaign 1748.

Be it knuwn to all those to whom it shall appertain, that as it might happen, that the Means uled in order to obtain a jud and lading Peace, should not have the desired Effect, and that tlu- Experience of what is pad has madejt evident that the Forces of the Allies could not effectually refid the Efforts of France, w.thout having in the Field considerable Armies, and superior to tiiofe of the Enemy, and having at Sea Forces capable of weakening the

61 Bcforts

Convention, with Holland *c.

Convention -with Holland, Arc-

49°

26° Januarii. A. 1747.

Rcforts of France, the Allied Powers, to wit, his Majesty the King of Great Britain, her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, his Majesty the King of Sardinia, and their High Might indies the Lords the States General of the United , have agreed to

regulate amongst them the most effectual Preparations to have Forces superior to the Enemy, and to be in a Condition to ait with Vigouras loon as possible, and without Loss of Time.

Art. I.

All the Conventions and Treaties heretofore concluded between the Powers, together or separately, shall have their full and intire Effect, and shall be reciprocally executed and fulfilled in their whole Extent, the Intention of the high contracting Parties being to concert and settle only by the present Act what each Allied Power ought to contribute for the next Campaign, without derogating in any Manner, by the present Convention, from the precedent Engagements.

Art. II.

As the Arms of France have made extraordinary Pro-gresses, by their Superiority in the Low , and allb

invaded a con fid oroide Part of the Territory of the Republick of the United Provinces, and that it is necessary to prevent the ill Consequences which might result from thence, and to be in a Condition to repair the Damages and recover the pad Lodes, an Army of One hundred Fourscore and Twelve thousand Men shall be brought for this Burpose into the Field in the Low , com-

posed of the following Contingents:

The Contingent of his Britannick Majesty is fixed at Sixty-six thousand effective Men, according to the Specification of the Battalions and Squadrons, which shall be given, and ready for the contracting Powers, the 20th of the Month of February next.

The, Contingents of her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia is fixed at Sixty thousand effective Men, and shall be composed of the Regiments, Battalions, , and Squadrons, according to the Specification which shall be delivered to the contracting Powers, the 20th of the Month of February next.

The Contingent of the States General is fixed at Sixty-six thousand effective Men, and the Specification of the.Bat-. talions and Squadrons of which the said Contingent shall be composed shall be delivered to the contracting Powers the 20th of the Month of February next, as above.

Art. III.

The said Contingents ought to be ready to be assembled in order to form the Allied Army, at latest, by the Firstof March next; and her Majesty the Empress Queen shall, for this Purpose, hold in' Readinels to form her Contingent the effective Number of Fifty thousand Men; and the Surplus of Ten thousand Men shall be furnished, at latest, in the Course of the Month of April next. But in case that the Russian Troops should not be also arrived at the appointed Time of the First of , neither his Britannick Majesty, nor their High Mightinesse, shall be deemed to have tailed, on that account, in the Engagement taken in the present Article.

Art. IV.

Besides the said Contingents destined for the combined Army of the Allies, the Garrisons are to be provided by the respective Powers to whom the Towns or Places belong; so that, however, there shall be Lifts formed, which shall be delivered, from time to time, to the Generals in . Chief, who shall command the combined Army; and if Necessity requires that the Garrisons should be reinforced, that shall be done out of the Troops of the combined Army which belong to the Power to whom the Towns or . Places belong.

Art. V.

The Command of the Armies in the Low , as

well as the Articles which regard it, shall be settled by commdn Agreement between their Royal and most Serene ilighnelTes, with the Content and Approbation of the respective Powers.

Art. VI.

For what relates to the Artillery, the Costs of Sieges, with what depends thereupon, all the other casual Expences of the War, and the new or farther Subsidies, which shall be judged proper to be promised to some Courts or Princes, it is agreed between his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse, that they will follow what has been stipulated, on that account, in the Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Articles of the Result at, made the 30th March One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-five, between Melfieurs the Earl of Chesterfield and Trevor, and the Deputies of their High Mightinesse, and in the Convention which has been made for the Execution of the same Result at, between the said Sieurs the Earl of Chef-terfield and Trevor, and the Deputies of the Council of State the 5th May 1745: And for what concerns the Transportation of the heavy Artillery, and its Train, by Land, the Delivery of Straw and Wood, to be furnished the Troops, when they shall encamp upon the Territory of the Republick, as well as the Expences of Waggons, Carts, and Horles, which shall be caused to come from the flat Country of the Republick, for the Service of the Army, on Occasion of a March, it shall be pursuant to what has been settled the last Year, by the Second, Third, and Fourth Articles ofanotherfi«/«//*/of the Conferences held between the Minister of his Britannick Majesty and the Deputies of their High Mightinesse, inserted in the Resolution of their High Mightinesse of the 9th January 1747.

Art. VII.

The Republick engages to furnish the Number of Ten or Twelve Ships of War, to be joined to the English Fleet destined to destroy the Commerce of the and

to protect the respective Commerce of the Two Nations.

Art. VIII.

Besides the above-mentioned Army, which is to be formed in the Low Countries, her Majesty the Empress engages to have in Italy, in a Condition to act and operate, either in France, or according to the Agreement to be made on the Part of the Allied Powers, to settle the Operations of the War, and all the preventive Measures and Dispositions for the said Operations, Sixty thousand effective Men at once, independently of what is necessary to garrison the Places in Lombardy: And her said Majesty obliges herself to ascertain, as soon as can be, that the laid Number is actually there in effective Men. The Specification of the Battalions and Squadrons of which the said Contingent is to be composed, shall be delivered to the contracting Powers the iftof the Month of March next.

Art. IX.

His Majesty the King of Sardinia engages to furnifti (besides the necessary Garrisons for the Safety of his Places) Thirty thousand effective Men, to act either in France, or according to the Agreement or the Convention which is to be made between the Allied Powers, to settle the Operations of the Armies, as is laid before; and the Specification of the Battalions and Squadrons, of which the said Contingent shall be composed, shall be delivered to the contracting Powers at the same Term of the 1 ft of the Month of March next.

Art. X.

The aforesaid Contingents, thoroughly effective, are to be in Readiness to be able to form the Army, at latest, the 1 ft of May next; and the Troops of the Two Crowns are to be provided with whatever is necessary for Corps which are to act in the Field.

Art. XI.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall furnish, as, last Year, Thirty Ships of War, of which some shall be changed for small Vessels, more proper to approach the Coasts, in order to second the Operations of the Allied. Troops upon the Coasts of Fraud and Italy, to facilitate their Transportations and hinder those of the Enemy's: And the King of Sardinia engages to employ his Gallies to favour the same Objects.

Art. XII.

In order to put her Majesty the Emprefc Queen the

better

2i Geo. II. 26° Januarii.

491

better in a Condition to supply the Expences of the said Contingents, as well in Flanders as on the Side of his Britannirk Majesty shall pay to her Imperial Majesty a Subiiily f Fuur hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, of which the Payments shall be made in the following Manner: That is to (ay. One hundred Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling immediately after the Signature of the present Convention, without waiting for the Ratification of her Imperial Majesty; One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling immediately after the Exchange of the Ratifications; Fitly thousand Ponn Isa Month after the Payment of the Hundred thousand Pounds above-mentioned and, finally, the last Hundred thousand Pounds Sterling in One whole Payment, as (oon as it shall be certified by the Officers named to mutter the Troops of her Majesty the l;mprefs Queen, that her Contingent amounts to Sixty thousand effective Men in Flanders, and to Sixty thousand effective Men on the Side of Italy: Provided, however, that in case that one or the other of these Two Bodies is not found complete, by the Certificates which shall be made of that Mutter, towit, Sixty thousand Men in and Sixty

thousand Men on the Side of Italy, a Part of the said Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling shall be abated, in proportion to what shall be wanting in the said Number of One hundred and Twenty thousand Men.

Art. XIII.

In order to put the King of Sardittia in a Condition to support and supply the Expences of the above-mentioned Contingents, his Britannick Majesty shall pay to his said Majesty aSubfidy of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Payments of the said Subsidy shall be made in the Came Manner, in the same Time, the same Term*, and with the same Precautions, in calc that the Number of Thirty thousand Men should not be complete; and, lastly, according to the same Rule of Proportion settled and agreed with her Majesty the Emprels Queen.

Art. XIV.

In order to secure more effectually the complete State of the said Contingents in as well as in the Low

Countries, all the Generals and Commanders of the Corps of the contracting Powers shall be obliged to furnish each other, mutually, from time to time, with authentick Holls of the effective Force of the Corps under their Orders, which shall also be all remitted to the Generals commanding in Chief; and, in order to settle the Thing fc> much the better, each contracting Power shall have the Liberty and Authority to cause a Muster to be made, together or separate)/, at the Beginning of the Campaign, by Two or more General Officers, whom it shall name for that Purpose.

Art. XV.

His Majesty the King of Sardinia shall have the supreme Command of all the Allied Army, whether it is assembled in One Body, or divided, and make Detachments to direct and govern the Operations, for the great-eft Advantage of the common Cause; the Whole conformably to the 6th Article of the Treaty of Worms, inserted herein, Word for Word: M His Majesty the King of Sardinia shall have the lupreme Command of the " Allied Army, when he shall be there in Person; and he " shall regulate the military Operations of it, in Concert with her Majesty the Queen of , according as

the common Interest and Occasions shall require." Art. XVI.

Their High Mightinesse engage, in Conjunction with his most Serene Highness the Prince of Orange, to ufeali their Credit and Power with the Provinces to induce them to pay the Arrears as well of the old as of the new Subsidy, according to the Specification hereto annexed, comprehending therein the additional Subsidy of Fifty thousand Pounds Sterling, or at least to ascertain the Payment in such a Term, that Credit may be immediately had thereupon, after having deducted what the State has already advanced to the Troops of her Imperial Majesty, and for the Payment of the Boatmen.

Thus concluded, andsigned by the under-written Mi-nifters Plenipotentiaries, and Deputies authorized respectVoL. 25.

tively for this Purpose, on the Part of his Majesty the Convention King of Great Britain, her Imperial Majesty the Queen of wuh Holland Hungary and Bohemia, his Majesty the King of and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces. At the Hague, the Twenty-sixth January One thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight.

Sandwich. Le Baron de Reifchach. De la Chavanne.

(L. S.) (L. S.) fL. S.)

J. W. Torek,

(L.S.)

(L. S.) W. Bentink.

(L. S.) J.

(L. S.) J. V. Borfelle.

(L. S.) cT Ablaing de Giejfenburg.

(L. S.) Jv. S. V. Grovejlins.

(L. S.) C. Bentink.

(L. S.) E. Tamminga.

Florins.

48,982

14,672

Ss.

Specification of the Arrears of the Subsidies due to her Majesty the Emprels Queen.

For the Year 1741.

The Province of Utrecht - - -The Quarter of Veluwe - -

For the Year 1742.

The Province of Zeland - -

The Province of Friefeland - - -The Province of Overyjjel - -The Quarter of Vtluwe - -

The Province of Utrecht - -

73,466

88,627

32>476

27,948

93,300

10 —

18 —

*3 4

1 8

18 3

7 8

Total - 379,474 8 12

he Arrears of the Subsidy of 150/.

Sterling, granted to her Majesty by

the Convention of the 31st of Au

gujl 1746, amounts to - - - - 229,298 8 13

the Contingent in the additional Subsidy of 30"/. Sterling, of which the Republick pays One Fourth, makes the Sum of ----- 137,500 — —

Total of the whole which remains to

be paid - -- -- - 746,272 17 9 t

Proposals for furnishing a Body of the Troops of Hanover, to be employed in the Low Countries, for the Service of the Year 1748.

Whereas a Body of his Majesty's Electoral Troops, confiding of Five thousand Horse, and Thirteen thousand Foot, were taken into the Pay of Great Britain, to act in the Low Countries, with the Austrian Troops and those of the States General of the United Provinces, until the 25th Day of November 1747: And whereas it was judged necessary for the publick Service, that our Orders should be sent, in the Month of July last, for the immediate March of Five additional Regiments of our said Electoral Troops, confiding of Four thousand and Seventy Foot, with the necessary Train of Artillery, to reinforce the Body ot Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, in Conjunction with the Army of his Majesty's Allies in and the said Regiments did accordingly immediately begin their March, and actually join the said Army: And whereas it is found necessary that the said Body of Troops, together with the said Five additional P.egiments, should be continued for the Year 1748, towards completing the Number of Men which Great Britain is to maintain in the Low Countries, to act as aforesaid; his Majesty, in Confederation of the great Difficulties in obtaining such a Number of Men for this Purpose, pro-poles to continue the said Five thousand Horse, and Thirteen thousand Foot, together with the said additional Number of Four thousand and Seventy Foot, amounting in the whole to Twenty-two thousand and Seventy Men, to act in the Low Countries for the Year 1748, on th following Conditions: That is to say.

That there be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subsistence of the said Body of Troops, to consist of Five thousand Horse, and Seventeen

49 4

26* — 37° Janarii. 1747.

teen thousand and Seventy Foot, the Sum of Four hundred and Sixty thousand Two hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Ten Shillings.

That there be granted to his Majesty, for the Expence of the Train of Artillery to attend the above-mentioned Troops, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds.

That the said Troops be allowed to march back into his Majesty's Electoral Dominions, on the 25th Day of November, in this present Year, incase no previous Agree-i ment shall be made for their remaining in the Low Countries.

That, in case his Majesty's Electoral Dominions should be attacked or invaded, his Majesty be at Liberty to order the said Troops to march back immediately for the Defence of the fame.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Worcester Ordered, That the Order, made upon Tuesday the 17 th EUAion. Day Qf November last. That the Matter of the Petition of Robert Tracy Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of be heard, at the

Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the Second Day of February next, bedischarged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Fortnight, at Twelve of the Clock.

Chester Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for hearing, at the EMMon. Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of James Mainwaring the younger, Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Sevennight.

Exportation Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That it is the Opinion of Cora. of this House, that the Exportation of Corn to Foreign Parts is very beneficial to this Kingdom; and ought not to be prohibited at this Time.

Then the Counsel on both Sides were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners being directed to proceed j

One of the Counsel for the Sitting Members acquainted the House, That the House not having thought fit to grant their Request for further Time, he was m-struded by One of the Sitting Members to inform the House, That neither he nor the other Sitting Member would give the House any further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Henry Drax Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Thomas Erie Drax Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset j

It paCTed in the Negative.

Resolved, That John Pitt Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset.

Resolved, That Robert Banks Esquire, is

duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset, by rafing out the Names of Henry Drax Esquire, and Thomas Erie Drax Esquire, and inserting the Names of John Pitt Esquire, and Robert Banks H Esquire, instead thereof.

The other Older of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France.

Wafeham The House, according to Order, proceeded'to the Sb®*0*- further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of John Pitt Esquire, and Robert Banks Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners proposing to proceed in their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members acquainted the Hdufe, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough having been determined otherwise than they expected, they were not able to make a proper Defence for the Sitting Members, unless the House would indulge them with further Time j which they requested the House to grant.

And this Request being opposed by the Counsel for the Petitioners;

And one of the Counsel for the Sitting Members having been heard in Support thereof;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw, A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition be further adjourned till Thursday Fortnight;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1 — . ..... — . — T

Mercurii, 270 Januarii;

Anno a i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

THE Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset.

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty's Command, presented to the House, Estimate of the Charge of the Hessian Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1747, to the 24th of December 1748,

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The find Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Infuraact of French Ships*

Wareham

Ele&iocu

Estimate of Hessian Troop*

21 Geo. II.

2 7° — 2 8° Januarii.

493

E S T I M A T E of the Charge of 1,264 Horse and 4,908 Foot, of the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hesse-CaJJell, in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1747, to the 24th Day

of December 1748, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

The Pay of the Horse The Pay of the Foot

Numbers.

1,264

4,908

6,17a

The Pay of the General Officers -

The Pay of t he Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery

Pa? in Holland Money, for 366 Days. Reduced into Sterling, at 10 10 to the Pound.

Go St. D. £ s. d.

491,1 J4 18 5 46,776 *3

742,727 9 3 7°»735 18 it*

1,233,882 7 8 117,512 12 1

46,024 10 — 4,383 5 H

41,601 >9 13* 3,962 1 9i

1,321,508 *7 5i 1*5,857 *9 7i

For the Annual Sufetid7 of 150,000 Crowns, Bank Money of Amsterdam, payable for thefel Forces, from the 25th Day of December 1747, to the 24th Day of 1748, both>

inclusive, being 366 Days, computed at 4 s.per Crown . - - - - -y

Total - - - £.

36,093 15 —

161,951 14

Dry pool Inclosure.

Memorandum: No Estimate can be made for Extraordinary Pay or Douceurs, Forage, Waggon Money, for the Year 1748.

War-Office, Jan. 27, H. Fox.

1747-8.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, Gore, Sir Thomas Mr. Walpole, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

to be perused by the Members of the House. Secretary at War, Mr. Lord Strange, Mr.

Ga/hry, Mr. Gwynn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Amy and, Mr. A Petition of several Proprietors of and in a large open Hoblyn, Mr. Hooper, Sir Edmund J/ham, Mr. Palmer, Mr. common Pasture, lying and being in the Parish of Dry- Hay, Dr. Newland, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Grove; and all the pool, in the County of York, called or known by the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants

of the Houfo: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And hava Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the several Duties on Spirits extracted from

Name of Some)gangs, otherwise Somergams, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said common Pasture contains Seven bundled Acres, or thereabouts, and is held and enjoyed by the Proprietors thereof in common; and if the same was divided and inclosed, it would be very ul'eflil and convenient for the carrying on of Husbandry, and keeping of a Stock of Cattle, and other Melasses, for Eight Years last pals, distinguishing each improvements nrght be made thereby, which would be Year, very beneficial to the Parties concerned; and that therefore the Petitioners are desirous to divide and inclose Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay the said common Pasture, and to have a due Share before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar and Proportion thereof allotted to each Proprietor in imported into from any of the Sugar

Severalty, in lieu of his common Right therein: That Colonies, from the 25th December 1727, to the 25th notwithstanding that suchDivision and inclosure will tend. December 1747, distinguishing each Year; as likewise an to the publick Good, as well as to the mutual Advan- Account of the Quantity of Sugar exported, during tho tage of all Persons concerned in the said common Pasture, same time, distinguishing cadi Year.

Account of Dufies on Spirits made from Mc-laffes.

Account of Sugar imported.

yet the feme cannot be made effectual to answer the good Intentions of the Parties concerned, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Ways aid Meant.

and inclosing the said common Pasture, according to each to consider further of Way> and Means for raising the Sup-Proprietor's Share and Interest in the fame. ply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pmiuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Mr. Barbor and Sir Richard Wroltejley, do prepare, and Morning, Nine of the Clock, bring in, the fame.

Assurance Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider of Ship?, &c. of Heads of a Bill for better regulating of Assurances on Ships and Goods laden thereon, and for preventing Frauds therein:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Hume, Mr.

Hume Campbell, Sir Wm.Ycuge, Mr. Fazakerley, Sir

John'Barnard, Mr. Bailee, Mr. JanVen, Mr. Child, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Syacnham,

Mr. Bethel!, Mr. Beekford, Sir IVm. Calvert, Mr

wyn, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Smith , Mr. Burrell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Harris, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. IVebb, Mr. Gough,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Willey, Lord Ba

more, Mr. Tuckfield', Mr. Turner, Mr. BayntunRoll; Mr.

Vot.. 2;.

Jovis, 28* did Januarii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Praters.

fj R D E R ED, That" the Lord Parker have Leave to Leave of

go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Afcfeoce. Occasions.

Sir Robert Long presented to the House, according to Badbury Order,.a BiH t<? confirm and establish an Agreement for Inclosure. inclosing and dividing certain common Fields in the

( iK. Hamlet

Account of public lc Debts.

Supply Bill} Poundage on Good, imported, 2(C.

Poor Relief.

Langwith

Iridosure.

494 28° — 290 Januarii. A. 1747.

Hamlet of Badbury, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or (landing out at Christmas 1747, with the annual lntcrell or Sum paid for the lame.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for other Purposes) in the Bill mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read i

The House relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better Relief of the Poor by voluntary Charities.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Francis Dashwood took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Francis Dashwood reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Januarii\

Anno 21* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747. Prayer*.

AP ETITIO N of several Land-owners in the several Parishes of Langwith and , and the Hamlets of Stony Houghton and Shir brook, within the said Parish of Plejley, in the County of Derby, whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a large Tract of uninclosed Ground lying in the several Parishes, Vills, and Hamlets aforesaid, containing several Hundred Acres, and therein the several Owners and Proprietors of Land and inclosed Grounds have a Right of Common for their Cattle and Sheep: That if the said Waste Ground could be divided and inclosed, it would be very advantageous to the Persons concerned therein, and prevent Disputes that frequently arise among the Persons who have Right of Common on the said Waste Ground, which at present is of very little Advantage or Profit to the said Proprietors thereof; and that therefore the Parties concerned have agreed that the said Commons and Waste Grounds shall be divided and inclosed for the Use and Benefit of the respective Proprietors; but that although such Division and Inclosure will tend to the public Good, and be of great Advantage to the several Parties concerned, and prevent Disputea and Controversies for the future, yet such Inclosure and Division cannot be eftetflually made and established, to answer the Intention of all the Parties interested in the fame, Without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner as to the Ffoufe shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the

Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, and Mr. Colleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Page have Leave to gp into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed. That, Mr. Oxenftrd, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the Quantity of Sugar imported into England, from any of the British Sugar Colonies, from the 25th December 1727, to the 25th December 1746, distinguishing each Year; as likewise, an Account of the Quantity of Sugar exported during the same time, distinguishing each Year,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pounds, and Number of Hogsheads, of Tobacco, imported and exported for Ten Years pall into and out of Great Britain, distinguishing each Year, and each Port; as also, of the net Amount of the Duty paid and drawn back thereon in each Port, within the same Space of Time, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That John Kirrill Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty concluded at Whitehall the 27th April 1744, with the Elector of MentZy and Translation (presented to the House upon the 28th Day of January 1744) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejfe-CaJJel, for 6,000 Hessians, signed and concluded at Hanover

June 1745, and Translacion (presented to the House upon the 19th Day of December 1745) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty of Friendship, good Understanding, and Subsidy, between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High MightinelTes the States General, on the one Part; and his Serene Highness the Elector of Bavariaon the other Part; by virtue whereof, and for the Subsidies therein stipulated, his most Serene and Electoral Highness yields to the Pay

Leave of Absence.

Account of Sugar imported.

Account of Tobacco imported, &c.

Tregony

Election.

Supply Bill; Poundage on Gooas imported* Ire.

Supply.

21 Geo. II. 2 90

of tbt States General, for the Term of Four Years, a Body of Infantry, with its Staff, Artillery, (Jc. to be employed during this time in the Service of the Maritime Powen: Manic*, the 2id July 1746, and TranQation (prefeilted to the House upon the 22d Day of January 1746) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Jia* Troops in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th of December 1747,to t*ie December 1748, be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Act of Consent to the Convention between the States General and his Majesty, Landgrave of for 3,040 Men: Hague, 9th June N. S. 1747, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between his Majesty and the Empress of Russia, dated 12th June 1747, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Act of Prolongation of the Treaty of Friendship and Alliance between his Majesty and his Electoral Hlgbness of Mentz, ligned at Whitehall, 17th June 1747, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Extract out of the Register of the Resolutior.s of the States General, 5th July 1747. N. S. and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the States General's Act of Consent to the Treaty of Subsidy concluded with , 5th July 1747, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention between his Majesty and the States General, on the one Part and the E press of Russia, cn the other* dated St. Petersburgh, 19th November 1747, and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention for the Campaign 1748, dated Hague, 26th January 1748, N. S. and Translation, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Proposal for furnishing a Body of the Troops of Hanover to ad in the Low Countries, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1747, of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass Wares, and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, by an Act of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Reiblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Wav» Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-and Means. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Committee Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-of Privilege*, tions be adjourned.

VOL. 2£.

i° Februarii. 495

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, i° die Febru

Anno 2i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747.

Puyers.

A BILL to confirm and establifl) an Agreement for fiadbaiy inclosing and dividing certain common Fields in Inclosure. the Hamlet of Badbury, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Long, Mr. Chester, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Torke, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Gwyn, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Wode house, Sir Charles Mor daunt,

Mr. Grove, Mr. Master, Mr. Palmer, Sir Charles Kern.

Tynte, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Rathuvft, Sir Robert Grof-venor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Legh, Mr. Hume, Mr. Lock-yer, Mr. Proby, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cox, Mr. Hodgkinson,

Mr. Frederick, Mr. Plumer, Lord Gage, Mr. Shepheard,

Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Medlycotl, Sir Roger Twyfdeu, Mr.

Tuckfteld, Sir Wm. Codrington, Lord Perceval, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Greville, Mr. Dowdcfxell, Mr. Mellish,

Mr. White, Mr. Humfrey, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr.

Mr. Hay, Mr. Cholmondely, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Warburton,

Mr. Martin, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Buller, Mr. Hawkins, Mr.

Charles Gore, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. George Pitt, Mr. Bertie-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and Berks:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, to whom Stratford the Petition of George Montgomerie Esquire, Thomas Water Byrd Esquire, and Ezra Patching, was referred. That Company, the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the same, as it appeared to them, to the House* and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. William Perkins, Secretary to the Undertakers for (urnifoing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Stratford, West-Ham, Boiv, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and Places adjacent, with Water, said. That he was particularly acquainted with the Works which were begun in the Year 1743, and have been since carried on for that Purpose:

Which Works consist of a Fire Engine, Two Refer-voirs to supply the said Engine, and Two other, from whence the Water is conveyed by Pipes to the several Houses in the Parishes aforesaid:

That upwards of £. 5,000 has already been expended in the said Undertaking, which is far from complete; and that he apprehends £. 6,000 more must be laid out to bring the Work to such Perfection as to supply the Inhabitants of the adjacent Parts, who are feme of them obliged to be supplied by Carts at a very great Expence.

Samuel Skinner Esquire and Mr. Edward severally said. That they looked upon the Undertaking a» greatly advantageous to the several Parishes aforesaid;

That the Inhabitants were very desirous that it should be extended, not only for their Convenience in dome (l ick,

Uses, but on account of the Danger they are liable to in Cafes of accidental Fires:

That great Damage had lately happened at Bow from Fire, which might have been in a great measure prevented, bad the Undertaking been carried ipto Execution.

And Mr. Heylin, being asked whether the laying down the Pipes in or crols the Essex Road had not been prejudicial to that Road, said, That he believed fproe Com-

plaiqf

Debtor*

Petition.

Account of 5hips purchased for the Navy.

Account of Seamen.

Poor Relief.

Dr.

Drummond

shanked.

° Februarii.

A. 1747.

ptfaint was made, at the first, of the breaking of the Pipes; but the Work had been so well performed since, as not to occasion the least Inconvenience; but, on the contrary, has been of great Advantage to the Road, which has been watered from Tubs supplied by the Works in a much better and cheaper Manner than heretofore.

And Mr. Peirce produced to the Committee several Leases/granted of Foot-paths, and other waste Grounds, in order to lay Pipes and erett Buildings, to enable the Undertakers to carry their Designs into Execution.

Mr. Thomas jfohnfen said. That it is a great Discouragement to have the Properties of the Undertakers ex-poled so much as they arc at present: That frequent Damages have been done to the Works by ill-designing People, by boring Holes in the Pipes, and throwing rotten Eggs into the Reservoirs.

And several other Persons present confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Skinner and Mr. as to the great Uti-

lity of the Undertaking, and the general Delire of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes that it should receive all proper Encouragement, and be carried to Perfection.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for im powering George Montgomerie and Thomas fiyr</ Esquires,

and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for fur-

irishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, West. Ham, Bow, , Mile-End, Stepney,

and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking: And that Mr \ Bathurst.Sir Robert Long, and Mr. walli do prepare, and bring in, the faine.

A Petition of Henry Sayer, Speedily,

Revel, Dru Drury, William Huggons, Matthew Blinkin-Jbps, and Nathanael Bliimfield, confined for Debt within the Castle or common Gaol for the County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table#

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of Ships and Vessels of the Enemy which have been pu'rchtifed and made Part of the Royal Navy, with the Expence thereof.

And the Title of the said Account wa6 read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House:

The said* Account is Bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

the Sermon by him preached before this Iloufe, bpon Saturday last, at St. Margaret's,; and that he

be desired to print the lame: And that Mr. Soltcitor-Gerteral, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Hoblyn, do acquaint them therewith.

Resolved, That an- humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he wilt be graciously pleated to give Directions, that the Re/ultat, made the 30th March 1745, between the Earl of Chesterfield and Mr. Trevor, and the Deputies of their High Mightinesses, and the Convention which has been made for the Execution of the feme Re/ultat between the said Earl of Chesterfield and Mr, Trevor, and the Deputies of the Council of State, the 5th of May 1745, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House a3 are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Couacil.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings,. Rebuildings and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships for the Year 1748.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Mr. Varte presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham; and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland; and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaundlcfs Bridge', and from thence by Mel-

derfionGill, otherwise Coundon to the Turnpike Road

near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Friday the 20th Day of November last. That the Matter of the Petition of Warwick Calmady Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Callingtm, in the County of Cornwall., be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 9th Day of this instant February, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the First Dby of March next.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this; House, an Account of the Numbef of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3.1st December to the 31st D'eceriiker 1747, upon a Mediumof e/ach Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and, what mustered, in the Service.

Sir Fraitcis DuJkwood, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better Relief of the Poor by voluntary Charities, was committed, the Amendments which the Commit-teeliad made to" the Bill; and which they had directed him to report tO the House; and he read the Report in his Fhce; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, iti at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, ohC by due; ind, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments' to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by. the House to the Bril.:

Ordered, That ttie Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Ordered, That ‘.the Thanks of this House be given to the Honourable 'add Reverend Doctor Drummond, for

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had di-reected him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sumy not exceeding Four hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to enable the Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain Sixty thousand Men in the Low Countries, and the like Number in Italy, for the Year 1748, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Four hundred Sixty thousand Two hundred Twenty-three Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, towards defraying the Expence of the Pay and Subsistence of a Body of the Troops of Hanover, con lifting of Five thousand Horle, and Seventeen thousand and Seventy Foot, making in the Whole, Twenty-two thousand and Seventy Men, tQ act in the

Low

Convention

withHoliiud.

Estimate of

building

Ships.

Bowes. &c. Roads.

Callingtoa

Ele&ien.

Supply.

Geo. II. i° — a*' F497

Low Countries with the Anftrian Troops, and those of the States General of the United Provinces, for the Year *748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Pen thou find Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for a Train of Artillery to attend the salt I Troops.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-leven thousand Eight hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Proportion of the Subsid v payable by Britain

to the Empress of R for a Body of Troops, to confill of Thirty thousand Men, to be employed for the Service of Great Britain, the States General of the United Provinces, and their Allies, for the Year 1748, and for defraying the Charge of the March of the Paid Troops to the Frontiers cf Upper Silesia.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for the Year 174!! towards defraying the Proportion, payable by Great Britain, of the Provisions and Forage to be furnidied to the said Troops, from the time, of their Arrival on the Frontiers of Upper Silesia, until they return to the Frontiers oi Poland. - t"

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit ree, Tint a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of blentz, pursuant to Treaty.

Ref.'ved, That it i-. the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-six thousand Eight hundred and Forty-six Pound'. Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty.

RJo.'ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred Fifty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Seven Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of One thousand Two hundred Sixty-four Horle, and Four thousand Nine hundred and Fight Foot, with the General Officers and Train of Artillery, the Troops of his Majesty the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of in the Pay of Great Britain, from the 25th Day of December 1747, to the 24th Day of December 1748, both inclusive, together with the Subsidy for the same time, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Eight hundred Forty-six Pounds Eleven Shillings and Seven Pence Ilalf-pcny, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, at *747* of the Duties on Glass and foirituous Liquors.

The said Ucsolutions, being Icverally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Insurance on Resolved, That this House wil', upon IVulnesday Morn-Fre»chShips, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prohibit lnfuranceon Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

*n<l Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Voi.. 25.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,. Nine of the Clock.

Marlisy 20 die Februarii;

Anno at* Georgii IIU Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would Addreflet. be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Convention, and Estimate therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are Maury thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the several Manors Drainage, of Money, Upwell, and frelney, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and Owners and Proprietors of Linds lying in the said Parishes of Money, Upwell, and fVelney, and in the several Parishes of Downham, ford, and IVentworth, in the said Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and in a cerrain extra-parochial Place in the

laid Hie and County called Byall Ferns, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners lying in the several Places above-mentioned, and containing upwards of Seven thousand Acres, have of late Years been frequently overflowed, and greatly annoyed with Water, by reason of the Decay of the Outfall for issuing and discharging the Land-water to the Sea, and are thereby greatly diminiftied in their Value; and that it is apprehended, that, unless some Remedy be speedily provided, the same Lands will be totally loft, or rendered of no Value or Ufc, not only to the great Lois of the Petitioners, but likewise to the great Damage of the Publick: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioners to irnbank and drain the said Lands, in such manner as to this House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Cornewall, Sir Edward , Sir Stapylton, Mr. Prowse, Sir William Calvert, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Clayton, Lord Strange, Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Bodville, Mr.

Rest, Mr. Shuttle worth, Mr. Shepheard, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cust, Mr. IVilles, Mr. Hill, Sir Thomas JVynn, Mr.

Villiers, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pitt, Mr. , Mr. Stan- hope, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Great heed. Sir John Barrington,

Mr. Webb, Mr. Charles Townfaend, Sir Thomas Eger ton.

Sir Thomas Mostyn, Sir Richard Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Lincoln: Atid they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per-lbns, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Beckford have Leave to go into the Leav^of Country, upon account of the Indisposition of some of Absence. his Family there. t

The Order of the Pay being read;

The House proceeded ro the Hearing of the Matter Chester of the several Petitions complaining of a 1 undue Election Elei^,on* and Return for the City of Chester:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges ' 6 L and

4^8 i* — 3° Februarii. A. 1747.

Chester Eieft on.

kfid Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners Were heard:

And they having flirted the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City to be only in such Citizens of the said City as are Inhabitants within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, and admitted to their Freedom within the City by Birth -or Servitude* and not receiving Alms, or any publick Charity;

And the Counsel for Philip Henry Warbnrton Esquire, the Sitting Member, petitioned against, having denied That to be the Right of Election, and having Rated the Right to be in the Freemen of the said City;

The Counsel for the Petitioners proposed to prove. That the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for thfe said City was only in such Freemen of the said City in whom they had Rated that Right to be:

And the original Charter granted to the said City by Ring Henry VII. dated the 6th Day of April, in the 2iff Year of his Reign, was produced:

And Part thereof was Vend, fn: order' to ph&'vej That the Right df electing the May dr, and several other DffioerS, dFrhe said City, was, by the said Chatter, 'Vested in the Gitt2erte tomrttotant Wirhih the said City;and that commOraht Citizens Only Wife eligible' into those Offices:

And the Letters Patent Of'Queen , dated the

r4th Day of June, in the Wth Yiar of her Reign, containing a Confirmation of the said Charter, were also predated: '

And so much of the said Letters Patent as confirms the said Charter* Was read:

Attd the ACtof Parliament, made in the 34th and 35th Year of the Reign of King Henry VIII. intituled,

An Act for making of Knights and Burgesses within the Oouftty and City of C was also read: And a publick Book, containing the Acts of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the said City of Chester, being produced;

Several Entries in the said Book were read:

And the Person who prod need the said Book was examined as to the Manner of admitting Freemen of the said City; and the Number of the Frqemen now living, who have been admitted either by Purchase, and were not intitled to their Admission by Birth or Servitude; and as to the Privileges enjoyed by the Freemen of the said City:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners also examined a Witness, in order to prove, That anciently such Citizens only had enjoyed the Right to vote in the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, as were intitled to their Freedom by Birth or Servitude.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed, in Support of their State of the Right of Election, to examine William Wall, who had been admitted a Freeman of the said City by the Right of Servitude, but who is not now an Inhabitant of the said City;

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having objected to the Admission of the Testimony of the said William Wall',

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, in Answer to that Objciftion;

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having been heard, by way of Reply to that Answer;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw. A Motion wa> made, and the Question being put. That the Counsel for the Petitioners be admitted to examine William Wall, as to the Right of Election of Citizens' to serve in Parliament for the City of Chester, being, as the said Counsel alleged, in such Citizens only of the said City as are Inhabitants within the said City, or the

Liberties thereof, and admitted to their Freedom within the City by Birth or Servitude, and not receiving Alms,' or any publick Charity, although the said William Wall be a Freeman, by Servitude, of the said City, but who is not now an Inhabitant of the said City, or the Liberties thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went fofth.

Teller, for the Yeas, {: 1 '6o'

m , c . vv f Sir Charles Mordaunt, 7

Tellers for the Noes,| Kynaston: J 103'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in: And.

Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution,'

And then they were again directed to withdraw. 1 Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Chester, be adjourned till this.

Day Sevennight.-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,3* die Februarii \

Anno 21* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AN mgrofled Bill for the better Relief of the Poor by poor 1 diet, voluntary Charities, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor by voluntary Charities.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to infuse, on relblve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon French Ship*, the Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present Wat with France, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole:

House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

1 Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sit William Calvert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report.

When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Supply Bill; next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, am

upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subhdy of ‘^c~

Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on -

the said Subsidy; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning W*v« next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, anil Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And

Committee

ot Friviicuef.

cwunt of Hintion on liens ex-►rtctJ.

Account of

ip»r»*pr

Duties.

Account of Bounue* n Linen* exported.

Account of D*itiet on fcpirirs made

fronaMcLfles

Loire of

Absence.

Stratford A *tcr Company.

2jGeo. II. 3° — 4° — 5* Februarii. 499

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,' Nino of the Clock.

yo<visy 4* die;

Anno z»* Georgii II'1* Regis, 1747.

Pfc AYEU

THE House being informed. That Mr.

Agent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended it the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, an Account of the Bounties r aid in Britain, on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens, out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment oi Incident?, pursuant to an Act passed lad Session of Parliament, to the 10th November 1747. And then he withdrew.

And the T tie of the said Account was read.

OrThat tl;c said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this SclTion.

The House being informed. That Mr. Comp-

tr V.r-Gei'.cral of the Customs. attended at the Dcor;

Ho was called in; and, r.t the Bar, presented to the Iluule, pursunnt to t'w;- <).<!er, an Account of the Gross and Net Prod me of the several Duties of Customs in England appro;vialed to pay the Piincij.al and Interestof the publwk D^bts provided for by Parliament, for Five Years, to Ch'ijlmas 1746, distingaithing each Year, and

each Duty, and to what Part of the publick Debt each Duty Hands appropriated.

He also presented to the House, the Return of the Comtniftioners of the Customs, with an Account of the Bounties on Fwitifi and Iriji coarse Linens exported, paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents; in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the 20th of his Majesty, from the passing the said Act, to Chrijhnas 1747.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The I! oufo being informed, That Mr. Needier, Ac-comptant-General of the Excite, attended at the Door; He was called inj and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Duties on Spirits extracted from Mdalles, for Eight Years tail pad, distin-guithing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruf.d by the Members of the House.

'lhc laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Shep heard have Leave to go into the Country, Lr the Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Bathurst presented to the House, according to Grdtr, a Bill for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Byrd Elcjutrcs, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for futnifhin.' the Inhabnanis of the several 1'ari lhc- and Places ot Well-Ham,

Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other Pantiles and Places' adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in Inch Unde'taking: And the same was jreccivid; «nd read the F irft time.

Rifd-ved, That the Bili be read a Second time.

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake, Sir Roger Maney

Mr. Erskine, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin, be added to Drainage, the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the several Manors of Maney, Upwell, and Welney, in the ljU of Ely and County of Cambridge, and Owners and Proprietor* ot Lands lying in the said Parishes of Money,

Upwell, and fVelney, and in the several Parishes of Down-

ham, IVhichford, and IVeniworth, in the said Isle of Ely

and County of Cambridge, and in a certain extra-parochial s

Place in the said Isle and County called By all Fenn, is

referred.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, Call of the being read; House.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

A Bill for naturalizing foreign Protestants, was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdkrs for the Yeas.; } ,03-

Tdlm for the Noes, W"' } i87-

So it passed in the Negative.

Foreign

Protestanti1

Nat.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 5® die Feb \

Anno 2i° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor insolvent Debtors in his Debtors* Majesty's Gaol the Castle of Lancaster, in the Petition*. County Palatine of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in the County Gaol ot Northampton-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to fie upon the Table.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Bowtt, Bowes, Sec. in the County of York, to Barnard-Castle, in the County Road, of Durham-, and from thence, through Steindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland, and from Newgate, along Gibb Chair, to Gaund/efs Bridge-, and from thence, by Mdder-Jion GUI,otherwise Conn don Gill, to the Turnpike Road

near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. 7'orke, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. West, Mr.

Brookjbc.nk, Str Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fane, Mr. kinson, Mr. Hill, Sir John Ramsden, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Thomas Gore, Admiral T Mr. Holmes,

Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Lord Parker,

Mr. Lascelles, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Mr. Felton

Hervey, Mr. Smith-, and ad the Members who lerve for the Counties of Durham, Westmorland, Cumberland, North-

umbcrland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

'Hie House, according to Order, rdblved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee otlbe whole Home, upon the Bill'or grant- Poii!id?ge on ing to Lis Majesty aSublidv ol Poundage upon . 1 Coeds CuoJsiir-and Merchandizes to be imported into tins Kingdom; l,0Me(,» &c* and for railing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and

a

l«pp1y.

Ways and Mcaiif.

Debtors9

Petition.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Debtors9

Petitions.

Supply Bill; Poundage on Good* imported, &c.

300 5® — 8* Februarii. A. 1747.

Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 8 die Februarii;

Anno 21® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

A PETITION of several unhappy Debtors to his Majesty only (who have been wholly deprived the Benefit of all former insolvent Acts of Parliament) confined in the Sheriff's Ward or Prison for the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Smith have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors confined in -stone Goal: And a'so,

A Petition of the poor unfortunate Debtors in the County Gaol of Somerset: And also,

A Petition of the poor distressed Debtors confined in his Majesty's Goal in the City of 7ork-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Fane, according 'to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom} and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annui-

ties and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy} and for other Purposes in the Bill mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

The House was moved. That the Fifth Section of an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, towards railing the yearly Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of his Majesty's House-hold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, might be read:

And the said Section was read accordingly.

The House was allb moved. That the 17th Section of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for taking off several Duties on Merchandizes exported; and for reducing the Duties upon Beaver Skins, Pepper, Mace, Cloves, and Nutmegs, imported; and for Importation of all Furs of the Product of the British Plantations into this Kingdom only; and that the Two Corporations of Assurance, on any Suits brought on their Policies, shall be liable only to single Damages and Costs of Suit; might be read;

And the said Section was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That the 1 ith Section of the said Act, made in the 9th and 10th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1746, to the 31st December 1747, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service: And also,

An Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, as it flood on 31st December 1747.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

Navy-

V

Accouet

Seamen

21 Geo. II

8® Februarii.

5°1

Navy-Office, 7 Ah ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, $d February r 747.3 from the 31st December 1746, to the 31 December 1747* upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the ift Instant.

MONTHS. Seamen. Soldiers and Marines, Part of Complement.

r Borne. 1 Mustered. ( Borne. Mustered.

January 1746 ----- -- 49>*99 45,870 6,716 6,247

February - - - 49,460 45.923 6,641 6,215

March 1747 ----- --- 49»115 46,064 6,874 6,439

April ----- ----- 48,662 47.964 7,210 6,706

May - -- - 49»3JO 47.207 7*337 6,847

June ----- ----- 51,183 48,503 7,565 7^97

July 5*6i7 48.430 7.479 7*9

August - -- 52»*25 48.77* 7»578 7»249

49>132 7.548 7,to»

October - -- 54>225 5*999 7.670 7.304

November - -- 53»529 49*78 7,595 7,207

December - -- 53. *34 49.365 7»594 7,21

614,302 578,406 87,807 82,818

Upon a Medium 51,191 48,200 7*3*7 6,90t

A* Haddock, Ja. Ac worth, Jos. Dan. Devert,

Will. Corbett, R. Osborn, Geo. , Alexander Geidet,

J. Russell.

VOL. if,

6 M

Navy.

502

8° Febr

A. 1747.

Navy-Office, .,) An ESTIMATE of the DEBT of His Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter-3d February 1747. 1 mentioned, as it flood on the 31st December 1747.

HEADS of the NAVAL ESTIMATES.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports:

Due, to pay off and discharge all Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof -

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said. Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 tft of December 1747; as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half-pay. to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen's Wages:

Due, to pay the Men, tic. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1747 To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties toWidows and Orphans of Men flain at Sea, tic. - -

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

viz

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off - -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For- Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1747 For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies ——

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labflurers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of lick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service

The Total amounts to the Sum of Five million Eight hundred One thousand Six hundred Twenty-three Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Farthing -

From whence deducing the Money in the Treasurer's Hands, as on the other Side - -

The Debt will then be Five million Four hundred Seventy-three thousand Three hundred Seventy-three Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Freight of Transports between tft January 1746, and 31 & D 1747 -

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that t!:e Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between ill January 1746, and 31st December 1747, amounts to ——

The Parliament having voted the Sum ofj£. 135,434. 7 towards discharging this Debt of Transports, the same is to be deducted.

The net Debt of the Navy is Five million Three hundred Thirty-seven thousand Nine hundred Thirty-nine Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Farthing....

Particulars.

£ X. d.

1,507,698 18 6

18,290 4 6

170,470 12 11

436,538 — —

15,403 3 3

37i,8°o 7 44

2,408,883 '

39*588 6 8

20,970 14 3

658,631 7 6

*8,913 8 3

18,168 10 2

27,851 5 8

91,496 16 3

43,937 11 3

TOTAL.

x. d.

2,148,400 19 2

) 2,820,271 14 — 4

744,535 5 i°

88,415 12 —

5,801,623 11 — £ 328,249 14 3

5,473,373 16 9*

" 135,434 7 6

5,337,939 9 3i

Geo. Dodinofon,

Ja. A cw or thy Will. Corbett,

H. Osborn.

Edward Falkinghavi,

J. RuJJiIL

Rd. Haddock,

Jof AUiny Dan. Deverty Geo. Crowley Alexander Geddes,

Memorandum:

Vol. 25.

Memorandum: THERE was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1747, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

On the Heads of

In what TREASURERS Hands. In MONEY. r Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports. Seamen's Wages. Victuals. A TOTAL.

In Money - D % towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen £. s. d. £ s. d. C s. d. s. d.

Executors of Thomas Clutter buck Esquire - 2,672 12 Si 1 719 11 6 8J 152 8 3.545 *3 7

Executrix of Sir Charles Water - - - - In Money ----- -- D°, towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen 2,19+ '3 9 628 3*3 *7 S 3* 6 37 >7 3.374 t3 8

William Corbett Esquire ----- - In Money ..... D°, towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen 3»*75 to 9i 6,173 264 4 11 6 7 98 1 10,411 8 6i

Right Honourable Sir John Rushout Baronet - In Money ----- -- D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 7»993 2 (>i 80 665 2 18 - 1,826 10 -8} to ,565 *3 to i

Right Hon. George Dodington Esquire - - In Money ----- -- D°, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 18 2,6 87 16 *4 64,781 28,439 8 lS 3b H 2 4»443 4 7,1 300.352 4 61

199>423 15 7b 102,267 15 7b 26,55* 3 — 328,249 »4 3

Ln

O

21 Geo. II. 8° Februarii.

fnfarance on iFrenchSliips*

Office of Coroner*

Birmingham, &c» Roads*

504 8° — 90 Februarii. yf. 1747*

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered \That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with , was committed, be received upon Morning

next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of tlje Clock.

Martisy 90 die;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

A PETITION of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Berks, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That the Limits, Power, and Nature of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition as well of the Trustees for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament paffpd in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, Oneof them for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of

to a Place called High Bullen, and to; and from

thence to the End of Giobett , next adjoining to the

Townftffpof Bilson-, and from Great , through ley, to Kingszvinford, and to the further End of Brit tel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and and the other of them for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of findley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of War-wick; as also of several Gentlemen, and other Persons, living in, near, or usually travelling through, the said Roads; was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's 'fable: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Two Acts were produced; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Roads; which Tolls were to commence in May 1727, and continue for the Space of 21 Years.

An Act, passed in the 15 th Year of his present Majesty, was also produced; by which Act so much of the said Act, for repairing the Roads from Bromsgrove to Dudley, and to Birmingham, as related to the repairing the Road from Dudley to Bromsgrove, was, from the Expiration of the said Term, further continued for *1 Years.

Mr. William Austin was examined; and said. That £. 100 Principal Money, together with feme Arrears of Interest, and £.14.0. 11 s.for Materials to repair the Road, do now remain due upon the Credit of the said first-mentioned Act; and that all the Money borrowed upon the Credit of the other Acts has been repaid.

The said Mr. Austin and Mr. Samuel feve-

sally said. That the Trustees have not been able to repair -throughout all the Roads directed to be repaired by the 4'aid Acts: That the said Roads in general are in a very had Condition; and that, unless some further Provision

be made by Parliament for continuing the Repairs, it will be impracticable for the Inhabitants to prevent the said Roads from soon being in a very ruinous State.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of nesbury, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge; and from thence to the End of Gibbet ,next

adjoining to the Township of Biifon; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to K and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of,

Stafford, and Worcester; and for repairing the Roads from Bronfigrove to Birmingham aforesaid: And that Sir

Charles Mordaunt and Mr. Pytts do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Robert Long reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields in the Hamlet of Badbury, in the County of Wilts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Chester:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners examined William Wally and several other Witnesses, in Support of the Right of Election, which they had stated:

And they having also in Part examined another Witness, in Support of that Right;

Tiie Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

They were again called in:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having finished their Examination of the said Witness, and having gone through their Evidence as to the Right of Election;

The Coupl'd for Philip Henry Esquire, the

Sitting Member, petitioned against, were heard, in Support of the Right of Election which they had stated:

And Part of the Report made the 2d Day of December, in the 2d Year of the Reign of King and

Queen Mary, from the Committee of Privileges and

Elections, to whom was referred the Matter touching the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, was read:

And the Resolutions of the House, for agreeing with the Resolutions then reported from that Committee, were also read:

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member examined several Witnesses, in Support of their State of the Right of Election:

And several Polls, taken at several Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament) for the said City, being produced;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Member proposed to prove, and the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted. That many of the Persons, who voted at each of the said Elections, were not commorant in the said City when they voted:

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Member having proposed to prove, That several honorary and non-resident

Freemen

Batfburr

Inc loi urr.

Chester

Ue&ioo.

at Geo. II. p° — 10° Februarii.

Freemen of the said City, have been elected into the Offices of Mayor and Sheriffs, and have voted in the Elections of the Mayor and Sheriffs;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted, That some such Freemen had been elected into those Offices, and bad voted in such Elections.

And the Counsel for the said Sitting Members having also proposed to prove. That Honorary Freemen had exercised Trades within the said City;

The Counsel for the Petitioners admitted. That Honorary Freemen, being made free of some of the Companies of Traders within the said City, had so exercised their Trades.

Then the Corfnfel for the said Sitting Member proposed to prove. That Freemen of the said City, who had purchased their Freedom, were exempted from the Payment of Toll, as well as other Freemen:

Which the Counsel for the Petitioners admitted.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard, by way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

55

Teller, for the Ye«s,["r )t4t.

Tellers for the Noes,^] 9*-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Counsel on both Sides were again called in: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them with the said Resolution.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners acquainted the House, That the House having come to the said Resolution, they were instructed to fey, 'rhat the Petitioners will give the House no further Trouble.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

The Question being proposed, That Philip Henry -burton Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of;

Mr. Warburton was heard in his Place, and then he withdrew.

Resolved., Nemine contradicente. That Philip Henry -burton Esquire, is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve ia Parliament for the City of Chester, is only in the Freemen of the said City, commorant within the said City, or Liberties thereof, not receiving Alms;

It was proposed to amend the Question, by leaving out the Word " only," and inferring, instead thereof, the Words " in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council.of the said City, and, " and by inserting, after the Word " in," and before the Words " the Freemen," the Words " such of and by inserting, after the Word City," and before the Word " commorant," the Words " not receiving Alms, as shall have been i" and by leaving out, at the End of the Question, the Words " not receiving Alms," and inserting, instead thereof, these Words M for the Space of One whole Year next *( before the Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament M for the said City."

And the Question being put. That the Word only" Hand Part of the Question;

Jt passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the " laid City, and, " be inleried instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " such of," be inleried after the Word " in," and before the Words " the Freemen

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words not " receiving Alms, as shall have been," be inserted after the Word " City," and before the Word " commorant

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put. That the Words, proposed to be left out at the End of the Question, . " not receiving Alms," Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words " for " the Space of One whole Year next before the Election " of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City," be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put. That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Chester, is in the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the said City, and in such of the Freemen of the said C;ty, not receiving Alms, as shall have been commorant within the said City, or the Liberties thereof, for the Space of One whole Year next before the Election of Citizensto serve in Parliament for the said City»

The House divided.

he Yeas went forth.

Vol. 25.

The other Order of the Day being read, for hear- Worcester ing, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition EfeAion-of Robert Tracy Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thu Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Thursday Morning next," and inserting the Words " this Day Seven- night," instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " Thursday Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, so, the Yeas,}^ ^L^ton, } 6?-

Telle, for, he } 5r.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Robert Tracy Esquire, complauyng of an undue Election and Return for the City of Worcester, be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bye Writ, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable Roger Townshend Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver-General and Cashier of his Majesty's Customs.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercur'd, 10° die Februarii;

Anno 2i* Georgii II4i Regis, 1747.

r R A Y e r s.

MR. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had Resignation received a letter from Nicholas Hardinge Esquire, f°f5'J?rk,r late Clerk of this House; which Mr. Speaker read to the 0 1

House; and is as followeth; viz.

Sir,

Having reGgned my Office of Clerk of the House of Commons, in which I have served for more than Sixteen Years, I beg Leave to allure you, and the House,

That 1 shall ever retain the most grateful Sense of the

6.N many

xo 6 16° Februariu A. 1747.

many Favours which I have received from you and them. Your kind Acceptance of my bed Endeavours to discharge my Duty, lays me under the greatest Obligations to continues

With the greatest Respect,

Sir,

Your most faithful and most 10 February 1747-8 obedient Servant,

N.

Mr. Speaker also acquainted the House, That his Majesty would, in a few Days, appoint another Person to l'ucceed the said Mr. Hardinge, as Clerk of this House.

Wolver- A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-hampton, men, and other inhabitants, of , in the

«tc. Reads County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, whose Names are thereunto l'ubscribed, was prdented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Manufactures of the Towns of Wolverhampton and Walsall conlift of Iron Wares, Flax, Hemp, and other Goods, which are carried by Land to London, , Litchfield,

and Bridgnorth, and other Parts of this Kingdom, for Sale and Exportation; and that, by Reason of the many heavy Carriages passing through the Roads from the End of a Lane, adjoining to a Common called Sutton Coldfield ox Bar beacon Com, in the Parish of,

in the said County of S, through the same Lane,

near to a Farm called The , and through a Lane

called Wood-end Lane, to the Town of and from

a Place called Sneal's Green, in the said Parish of Aldrich, through a Lane called PLane, to re-

laid: and from Walsall, to and through the Towns of Willenhall and Wolverhampton', and from a Place called Gibbet Lane, in the common Road leading from Bilson, in the said County of Stafford, to the Town of Wolverhampton', and from the said Town of Wolverhampton, to the Village of Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, in the Road leading to Bridgnorth, in the county of ; and from the said Town of Wolverhampton, through to the Wergs,

and from thence to the Town of in the said

County of Salop; and from the Wergs to the End of Hales Heath, in the Road leading to Newport, in the said County of Salop', and from the said Town of Wolverhampton, to a Place called Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield; are become very ruinous and dangerous for Travellers; and that the Price of Carriage of Goods is, by reason thereof, much advanced, to the great Discouragement of the Traders and the Inhabitants of the Towns and Vills aforesaid, and also to Travellers in general: And therefore, and in regard the Roads aforesaid cannot, by the ordinary Courie appointed by the Laws and Statutes of thisRcalm, be repaired, praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Roads before-mentioned, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it \ shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Leveson Sir

Cuff, Mr. Torke, Mr. Powney, Mr. Banks Hodgkinson, Mr. Laficelles, Mr. Kinafio Sir Robert Long, Sir Charles Kemeys Tynte, Mr. BathuMr. Willes, Mr. Compton, Mr. Proby, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas , Mr. Gulfion, Lord

Middlesex, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Mackworth, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ellis, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Anson, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Moretcn, Mr. Trencha^d, Mr. Willey, Mr. Frederick; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields, -Badbinr in the Hamlet of Badbury, in the County of Wilts, was Intiofure. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain Common Fields, in the Hamlet of Badbury, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Long do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners for Debt in the Debron County Gaol of Hertford, was presented to the House, Petition, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, Tint the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, That the Sheriffs of the Relief,f City of London attended at the Door; Orpi ansand

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to Creduo-tot the House, a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; felting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relict of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, it was, among other Things, enacted, That for and towards railing a perpetual Fund, to pay the yearly Interest of Four Pounds for every Hundred Pounds, Principal Money and Interest thereof, due to any Orphan of the said City, or the Executors, Administrators, or A Signs, of any such Orphan, there should be paid to the Mayor, and Comnonairv, and Citizens, of the said City, for all Sorts of Coals which should be imported into the Port of the said City, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City, upon the same itiver to be sold, by the Chaldron or Ton, by way of Imposition thereupon, according to the Rates and Duties therein and in this Petition after-mentioned; that is to say, For all such Sort of Coals or Culm as are usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof which should be imported into the said Port, or Members thereof, from and after the 29th Day of September 1700 (over and above all other Impositions and Duties, and the Sum of Four Pence for every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, Meetage, which by the said Act is granted for ever to the Petitioners) the Sum of Six Pence; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof, containing 2,000 lb. Weight, the like Sum of Six Pence; which laid Imposition of Six Pence was to continue from the said 29th Day of September, for and during the Term of Fifty Years; and that the Petitioners have, ever since the Time of granting the said Duty ,by Means thereof, been enabled to pay the said yearly Interest of Four Pounds for every Hundred Pounds, due to the said Orphans of the said City; but that, should the Payment of the said Duty cease and discontinue at the Expiration of the said Act, the Petitioners, in regard to the great Number of Rates and Act fefftnents necessary for the Support of the civil Government of the said City, and the Security of its Inhabitants, and by reason of the great Decreale of the Estates of the Petitioners, occasioned by empty Houses and other Calamities, and by the Lois of many Aids granted by the said Act, the better to enable the Petitioners to pay the said Interest, will be unable to continue the Payment of the said Interest of Four Pounds for every Hundred Pound , so due to the said Orphans, and support the civil Government of the said City: And therefore praying. Tnar the said'Duty of Six Pence for every Cliuidron ot Coals and Culm, and Six Pence for every Ton of Coals, may, from and after the Expiration of the said Act, be lumber continued to the Petitioners, for such Time, and in such Manner, as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rife red to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Hous-.

Rfiolved

i o° — 110

Indinmce fc* French Ships.

Supply.

Way* pad Meant,

Committee of Privilege;.

Drvpool

lociolure.

Leive of AUcncc.

Liverpool Church and Streets, &c.

a i Geo. II.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to considerof the said Petition.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with was committed, the

Amendments which the Commitce had made to the Bill* and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the Uoufe to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Uoufe, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Uoufe wi'l, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of \\ ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 110 die Februarii; Anno 21* Georgii IP* Regis, 1747.

P RA V F. R S.

MR. Barber presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing a large open common Patlure Ground, called Somergangs, otherwtle in the Parish of Dry pool, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, and of the Inhabitants and Parishioners thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, the Town of Uverpool aforesaid, on account of its great Trade, and being also very populous, was made a Parish of itself, distinct from the Parish of Walton, in the said County; and the Inhabitants of Liverpool aforesaid were thereby empowered, at their own Charge, to build a Church within the said Town, and endow the fame, as therein directed; and that, by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, the said Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, on account of the great Increase of Tradeand People, of and within the said Town, fine; the Building of the said Church, were impowered to build another Church or Chapel, at their own Charge, on the Site of the late Castle within the said Town, and to have a Curate or Chaplain, being a Minister of the Church of Vql. 25.

5° 7

England, as by Law established, to officiate and perform Divine Service therein; and at their own Charge to endow the same Church; which Two said Churches have been long since perfeded and endowed; and that Divine Service hath been ever since duly performed therein; and that the Powers of the said several Acts have been faithfully executed: And further setting forth. That, since the Building of the said last Church or Chapel, the said Town is greatly increased in Trade, and its Inhabitants, proses-sing the Doctrine of the Church of England, are become much more numerous than heretofore; and that it is daily increasing in People, Trade, and Buildings; lb that both the said Churches, and the parochial Chapel of Our Lady and St. Nicholas, long before erected, and since very much enlarged, at the Expence and Charge of the said Corporation, are not all together capable of containing One Half of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, professing the Doctrine of the Church of; and that there is

now great Necessity for the Building of more Churches or Chapels within the said Town, and to have more Mi-nifters of the Church of England to officiate and perform Divine Service therein, in order that many of the Inhabitants of Liverpool, professing the Doctrine of the Church of England, may be fitted and supplied with Seats or Pews for performing Divine Worship therein, which they now cannot have in the present Churches or Chapels; and that, for the effecting so good a Design, many of the Parishioners of the said Parish have already subscribed a sufficient Sum of Money for the Building and Endowing ot a Church on the South Side of the Town, upon Ground given by Mr. fo/ni OkiU Merchant, and Company, which they hold by Lease for Three Lives, and Twenty-one Years, under the Corporation; and that the said Corporation have agreed to give their rwerlionary Right and Interest therein, for the Purpose aforesaid: And representing to the House, That the Town of Liverpool, being now become a Place of great Extent, and very numerous in its Buildings and Inhabitants, there is now great Necessity to have publick Scavengers within the said Town, for clean sing the Streets, and also to have the Streets enlightened with Lamps, and a regular and able Watch to be conllantly kept in the Night-time throughout the said Town, in like manner as in several great Towns in this Kingdom is uled, for the Conveni-ency and Benefit of the Inhabitants, and for the Safety of their Persons, Houses, and Effects; the Expence of doing which cannot be provided for and supported by the customary Laws and Rules of the said Borough and Corporation of Liverpool-, and that the said Petitioners have, at a publick Meeting of Vestry, upon due Notice given held within the said Town for that Purpose, unanimously consented to lay a Tax upon themselves, to defray the Expence thereof: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill (or the Building of a Church or Chapel, as before described, wherein all the accustomed Dues may be reserved and secured to the Two Rectors of the said Parish of Liverpool, and their Successors; and that the Curate or Chaplain of the said new intended Church or Chapel may be made accountable for, and obliged to pay, the said Dues to the aforesaid Rectors, every Six Months; and the Patronage, Advowson, and Presentation, of and to the said new intended Church or Chapel, shall appertain and be vested in the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the said Borough and Corporation of Liverpool for the Time being, and their Successors, or the major Part of them; and that the Reverend William Martin Clerk, at the Request of the Subscribers, may be appointed the first Curate or Chaplain of the said new intended Church or Chapel, and also that the Petitioners may have a Power granted them by the said Bill, to lay a Tax upon them-leives, in such manner as shall be judged most easy to the Inhabitants of Liverpool, sufficient for cleansing and enlightening the said Streets of Liverpool, and for supporting and keeping a good and able Watch in the Night, for the Conveniency, Protection, and Safety, of

the

508 i i° Februarii. . 1747

the Inhabitants of Liverpootheir Houses and Effects; \ and that the Bill may receive such Powers, Clauses, Savings, Provisions, and Restrictions, as shall be deemed most proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Lloyd , Mr. Owen, 1x3rd Lord Mr.

Middleton, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Pitt, Sir Richard tefley, Mr. Richards, Mr. Williams, Mr. Hooper, Mr.

Shuttleworth, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. , Mr.

worth, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lord Perceval,

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Buller, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Cople-fton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. , Mr. Ashe, Sir Robert

Long, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Fane, Mr. Yorke, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Lev Gower, Mr. , Sir Richard Corbett, Sir William Corbett, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Mellish; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, W eftmorland, Cumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Maney Mr. Fe/lewes reported from the Committee, to whom Drainage, the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the several Manors of Money, Upwe/l, and Welney, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the said Parishes of Money, and

Welnty, and in the several Parishes of Downham, Witch-ford, and Wentworth, in the said Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and in a certain extra-parochial Place in the said Ille and County, called By all Fen, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of t he said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

John Brice was examined: Who said, That he hath known the Lands described in the Petition (containing about 7,000 Acres) Thirty Years: That formerly they produced good Crops of Oats, and other Grain; but that, of late, they are of little or no Value, by reaion of their being often overflowed; and particularly, that as they are at this Time Two Feet under Water, occasioned from the Outfalls to the Sea being greatly impaired, and by the Banks of the several Drains being low, and for the Want of Mills to drain off the Water.

Daniel Adcock, being examined, said, That the said Lands are often overflowed; but that, by railing the Banks, and keeping them in Repair, and, by erecting Mills for draining off the Water, these Lands would produce Five Quarters of Oats, or Big Barley, per Acre.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and prelesving certain Fen Lands, in the several Parishes of Money, UpwWelney, Witch-

ford, and Wentworth, and in a certain extra-parochial Place called Byall Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Fellowes and Mr. Compton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Examining A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there-Prugfc &c. unto subscribed. Apothecaries of the Cities of London and

Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and all other the regular Apothecaries of the said Cities and Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Apothecaries of London, being formerly incorporated with the Grocers, or dispersed amongst the other Companies of the said City, without any Regulation or Form of Government amongst themselves, with regard to the Business of preparing Medicines; and such Defect .20

being found productive of many Inconveniences and Mif-chiefsto the Publick, for Remedy thereof King James the First, by the Advice of his Physicians, did, by his Letters Patent, bearing Date the Sixth Day of December, in the 15th Year of his Reign, form the said Apothecaries into adiftinct Society, by the Name of the Mailer, Wardens, and Society, of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of Lonwith Power and Authority to search for anddestroy all deceitful, fta!e, corrupt, unmedicinable, and pernicious Daigsand Medicines; and to examine and suppiefsall ignorant, unskilful, and ungovernable Practices; which Authority was by the said Letters Patent, declared to extend over all Persons whatever, that should prepare or fell any Drugs or Medicines within the said City of London, and Seven Miles thereof; and that the Jurisdiction of the said Society, being nevertheless, in later Times, understood to affect only their own Members, it is become, in a great measure, impossible for them to anliver the publick and filutary Ends of their Incorporation, without the Aid and Interposition of Parliament; and that several ignorant, unlkii-ful, and designing Persons, taking Advantage ol such Defect of Jurisdiction, have, for many Years past, presumed to exercise the Business of an Apotheca y, within the Limitsaforesaid; and, under Colour therccf.^o make and compound sundry deceitful, adulterated, unmedicinable, and pernicious Medicines, which have been publickly fold and transmitted into all Parts of his Majesty's Dominions, in Defiance of the said Letters Patent; and that the said Empiricks, by making use of damaged, improper, or luppofititious Ingredients, are enabled not only to undersell the regular Apothecary (who faithfully pursues the Directions of the College, and the P.cscriptiui'is of Physicians) but to fell their Preparations for life than the prime Cost of the genuine Materials, of which the feme are pretended to be compounded, whereby many Persons are induced to purchase great Quantities of adulterated Medicines, not only to the Discredit of regular Pharmacy, and the Prejudice of the fair Trader, but to the manifest Hazard and Disadvantage of the Publick; and that, for preventing the like Mischiefs in the Practice both of Physick and Surgery, the Legislature have thought proper to reilrain all Persons whatsoever from the Exercise of either of those Professions, within the Limits above-mentioned, unless first examined and approved by the respective Governors of the College of Physicians, or Company of Surgeons: And therefore, as the Petitioners humbly conceive it to be of equal {if not of greater) C011-sequence to the Publick, that all ignorant and unskilful Persons should be restrained from preparing or vending Medicines, and that the Imposition of all damaged, adulterated, and pernicious Drugs and Medicines should be prevented, praying the House to rake the Premises into Consideration; and to grant such Remedy therein, as to the House shall appear necessary and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred 10 the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir William Calvert, Mr. Thorn-hagh, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Bristow, Sir,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Gay,

Mr. Pitt, Mr. Robinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Kinafton,

Mr. Nugent, Mr. Chester, Mr. Gzvynn, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Banks

Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Bathurst, Nr.

Mr. Alfton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Humfrey Mr, Gildart, Mr. Dowdeszvell, Mr. Matthezv Robinson, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. -derson, Mr. Proilor, Sir John Mr. Boone, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. Hill, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lifter; and all the Members who lerve for the City

of London, and the Counties 0! Surrey,

and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition

Debtor*

Petiuoni.

Stratford

Water

Company.

Supply Bill; poundage on Gosd* imported, &c.

Worcester

Election,

21 Geo. II. i i° Febfnarii509

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in the Castle

of tVorcester: And allb,

A Petition of the poor distressed Prisoners for Debt Confined in Newgate, the County Gaol for r;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. And the said Petitions were severaliy ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Motion being made. That the Bill for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas 5vr<y Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking forfurnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of West-Ham, Boro, Bromley, M, Stepney, and other l'Ari fires and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking, be now read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of -the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Alai tin. Sir Robert Lorg, Mr. Sir Robert

Hbiy, Sir Miles Staff iton, Mr. Ayr, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Conn-wall, Sir Hugh Mr.

ville, Mr. Robinson, Mr. IVtiles, Mr. Pye, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Proelor, Sir Edmund Sir Charles Ke-

meys Tynte, Mr Pitt, Mr. Owen, Colonel , Sir

John Cust, Lord Doneraile, Mr. Mr. Morton, Mr. CketuyuJ, Mr. Master, Mr. Mr. Put-

ney, Mr. IVodehotjt, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Git rid, Sir Charles Rlordawt, Mr. Ihtmfrcy; and all tire Members who serve for the Counties of nliddlesex, Essex, Surrey, and the City

of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage u]v mi all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for fifing a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for other Purposos in the Bill mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 16. To leave out " which do nctw pay any M Duty, at Value

L. 18. Alter "Value," to insert "or which " do now pay any Duty, ad valorem:'

P. 6. L. 27. Alter " void,' to insert " from and u after the Fiifl Day of March 1747.'*.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, Tint the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into tilts Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for repealing lo much of an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his pm fen Majesty's Reign, as enacts, That Prize Goods and Merchandize may be exported, without paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

' The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of the several Petitions complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of W: And the Counsel were called in:

And the said Petitions were read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day o {January 1735, for reltraining the Counsel at the

Vol. 25;

Bar of this House; or before the Cothmittee of Privi-' leges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque-Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

.And the Counsel for the Petitioners were heard:

And they having dated the Right of electing Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City, to be in the Citizens of the said City, not receiving Alms, and admitted to their Freedom by Birth or Servitude, or by Redemption, in order to trade within the said City;

And the Counsel for 'Thomas Geers IVinford Esquire, the Sitting Member, petitioned against, having denied That to be the Right of Election; and having dated the Right to be in the Freemen of the said City, not receiving Alms;

The Counsel for the Petitioners proposed to prove. That the Right of electing Citizens to lerve in Parliament for the said City, was only in those Citizens, in whom they had dated that Right to be.

And the original Charter, granted to the said City by Kir^g Henry the Third, dated the 17th of March, in the Eleventh Year of h»s Reign, was produced;

And Part thereof was read, in prder to prove. That all Persons who were not free of the Gild Mercatory of the said City, were restrained from exercising any Trade within the uid City, or the Suburbs thereof, unless with the Content of the Citizens of the said City.

And several publick Books, belonging to the Corporation of the said City, having been produced;

Several Entries in one of the said Books, of the Years 1743 and 1746, were read, in order to prove the manner of admitting Persons at that Time to the Freedom, of the said City by Redemption;

And an Entry, in.another of the said Books, was read, in order to prove the mariner of admitting Persons intitled to the Freedom of the said City by Servitude:

And Part of the Report, made tire 7th Day of ary 1693, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom the Petition of Charles Cocks F-kjuire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the said City, was referred, was also read, in order to Ibew, That Evidence was then giveD, that Freedom by Biithriight or Service were the two ways of being Freemen of the said City:

And several Entries in a Boob of tire said Corporation, of the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, and of the Years 1643 And 4644, were also read, in order to prove, in what Manner, and under what Restrictions, Persons were then admitted honorary Freemen of the said City:

And an Entry in another Book of the said Corporation, of the Year 1735, was allb road, in order to prove, That the Manner of admitting honorary Freemen* at that Time, varied from the Manner in which lbch- Freemen had been admitted in tiro laid Fiftegith Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, and in the said Years 1643 and 1644: - . '

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having proposed to read several other Entries in the same Book, lubfe-quest to the Year 1735, to the same Purpose;

The Counsel foe the said Situig Mtrober-admitted, That those Entries were made in the manner dated by the Counsel for the Petitioners.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioners examined a Witness, in order to prove. That no Entries of the Admission of honorary Freemen appear in the Books of the Cud Corporation, before, the Year 1639.

Then an Entry in another Book of the said Corporation, dated in the Second Year of the Reign ;of Kfhg Charles the First, was msuj» in order to prove,* in what manner Persons were then admitted to the Freedom of the said City by Composition.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence, as to the Right of EIc£tion;

The Counsel for the said Sitting Member were heard, in Support of their State of the Right of Election:

6 0 And

Warceftef

Election.

5io ri* — i a®

Vfoccetkt And they examined a Witness, in order to prove. That ^eA*OB* all Freemen of the said City had a Right to vote in Elections of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having been heard by way of Reply}

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-jbofed, That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of is in the Citizens

of the said City, not receiving Alms, and admitted to their Freedom by Birth or Servitude, or by Redemption, in order to trade within the said City}"

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " in order to trade within the said City;"®

And the Question being put. That the Words, proposed to be left out, stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas.j } *♦«.

Telle, for the Noes, { 83.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the Right of Election of Citizens to serve in Parliament for the City of Worcester, is in the Citizens of the said City, not receiving Alms, and admitted to their Freedom by Birth or Servitude, or by Redemption, in order to trade within the said City;

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth.

Telle, for the Yeas,

Telle, for the Noo$Jl! } V-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Counsel on both Sides being called in; and Mr. Speaker having acquainted them with the said Resolution;

They were directed to withdraw.

Then the Sitting Member, petitioned against, Handing up in his Place, acquainted the House, That the House having come to the said Resolution, he could not make but a Majority of Votes; and therefore he would give the House no further Trouble.

And then he withdrew.

A Motion being made; and the Question being put. That Thomas Geers Winfor Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

Worcester;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Robert Tracy, Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Worcester.

Ordered, That the Cleric of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the City of Worcester, by raling out the Name of Thomas Geers Winford Esquire, and inferring the Name of Robert

Tracy Esquire, instead thereof.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtrier is % i a° Februarii

Anno zi* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747, Praters.

Pino. rr, HE Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to X Order, amended the Return for the City of Worcester.

Jofiinncton Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to prohibit Insurance French Ship*, on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with

Februarii. A. 1747.

France, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. > Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have palfed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable James Stanley Esquire, commonly called Lord -Strange, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Edward Earl of Derby, and his KTue by Lucy his Wife (late Lucy Smith) to take and use the Surname of , and bear the Arms of Smith and Herix: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable James Stanley Esquire, commonly called Lord Strange, eldest Son and Heir Apparent of Edward Earl of Derby, and his Issue by Lucy his Wife (late Lucy ' Smith) to take and use the Surname of Smith, and bear the Arms of Smith and Hertz, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Aufierlanin the Parish of Sad-dleworth, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which were to take Place and have Continuance from the First Day of May 1735, for the Term of One-and-twenty Years; and that, the better to answer the Intention of the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of the said Roads with Speed and Effect, the Trustees, impowered to put the said Act in Execution, have borrowed Four thousand Pounds and upwards, upon the Credit thereof, and have applied the fame, together with the Money arising by the said Tolls, according to the Directions of the said Act; notwithstanding which, the Repairs of the said Roads are not yet completed; and that the Petitioners find that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired and kept amended, and the said Money borrowed repaid (the Whole thereof being still owing) unless forfte of the said Tolls be enlarged, and the Term and Powers granted by the said Act be continued and made more effectual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and continuing the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, and for making the same more effectual; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. War burton. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr, Wig* ley. Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Prowse, Lord Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Charles Kemeys Tynte, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Powney, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Tuckfield, Mr. Crew, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Dowdeswelt, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde Lord Harrington, Mr.

Willes, Lord Trent ham, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr.

Mr. Drake, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Robinson; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lan -casier, Chester, Fork, and Derby: And they are to meet

thus

Lord

Strange*

Name.

Vexations

Arrests.

Lord

Strange'*

Name*

Mane better

a i Geo. II. i a* Februarii. 511

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

leave of Or tiered. That Mr. Barry have Leave to go to Ireland

Abfmce. for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Holtoa A Petition of Gilbert CaEdmund Tumor Esquire,

Incioiitrc. Lord of the Manor, and Patron of the Parish Church of Holton and Holton with Bickering, in the County of Lincoln, Gilbert Caldecot Esquire, Owner of all the Lands within the said Parish of Holton ^except the Glebe, and what belongs to the faici Edmund Tnruor) and John Baxter Clerk, Rector of the said Parish, was presented to the I loulc, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners being all the Persons interested in the open and common Grounds belonging to the Lordship aforesaid, haveentered into Articles of Agreement for dividing and inclosing the said open and common Grounds; and that, although the carrying of the said Articles into Execution will be for the Benefit of all the Parties concerned, yet the same cannot be rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to brirtg in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Articles aforesaid in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vyner, Mr. P owner. and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

F»ccby A Petition of William Sutton and Edmund Bunting Gen-

kdofure. tlemen. Lords of the Manor of Faceby in Cleveland, in the County of York, William Deajon Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Faceby aforesaid, and Sir William Feulis Baronet, Edward Wilson, Francis Topham, and Matthew Duane Esquires, John Rich.itfon and David Burton Gentlemen, Margaret Alti'ee and Mary Allilee Widows, Freeholders and Land-owners within the said Manor and Township of Faceby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are several common Fields, conm.onPaftures, andcommonand0; er Grounds fituaie within the Manor and Township of Faceby afore-fa'd, con lifting of Twelve large Oxgangs and Thirty-six fir..t!l Oxgangs of Arable and Meadow Land, containing together, by Estimation, Seven hundred Aires, or thereabout; and of a common Pasture and Pasture Close, containing together, by Estimation, Four hundred Acres, or thereabout; and of a Common or Waste, containing, by Estimation, about Five hundred Acres; and that the Petitioners William Sutton and Edmund Bunting are Lords of the said Manor of Faceby, and are Owners of the Impropriate Reftury and Patrons of the Parish Church of St. Mary Magdalen, in Faceby aforesaid, which is a donative Benefice, and are intitled to the Tythes of Hay, Calf, Wool, Lamb, Gcefe, and Hens, and to the greatest Part of the Tythe of Corn arising within the said Township; and that the Petitioner William Deajon is Vicar of the said Parish Church of St. Mary Magdalen, and is, in the Right of his said Church, intitled to the rest of the Tytlie of Corn, Part of the Tythe of Hay, and Two small Tenements, and Common of Pasture for Two Beasts in the common Pasture afore-mentioned; and that the said Lords of the Manor, and other the Petitioners above-named, arc together intitled to all the Lands and Grounds lying in the common Fields, common Failures, and Waste of Faceby aforesaid; and that the said several Freeholders, Land-owners, anti Proprietors above-mentioned, are intitled to a Right of Common for their Cattle in the said common Pastures, by a certain and determinate Stint, in Proportion to the Quantity of Lands and Grounds which they are respectively intitled to in the said common Arable Fields, and to a Right of Common in the said waste Grounds, in Right of their Cottages and Fronts; and that the several Lands and Grounds, as well inclosed as otherwise, of the respective Petitioners in the said common Fields, lie dispersed in small Parcels, and are most of Vol. 25.

them inconveniently situated, with respect to their several Houses, in the said Township, whereby frequent Trespasses are unavoidably committed by, and Disputes arise between, the said several Freeholders and their Tenants; and that the said common Pasture Ground, by being overstocked or dinted is, in its present Condition and Circumstances, of little Service to the said Freeholders; and that the Petitioners are willing and desirous that the said common Fields, common Pastures, and Grounds, may be inclosed, divided, exchanged, and allotted to the said ft-veral Freeholders, and Land-owners, and Cottagers, intitled to Right of Common within the said Manor respectively, in Proportion to their several Share', Interests, and common Right, therein respectively, and that certain Recompences and Allowances may be secured and pro>-vided for the said Impropriators and Vicar, in lieu of all or Part of their respective Tythes, arising within the said Parish, in fitch Manner as may be for the mutual Benefit of the Persons interested in the said Lands and Tythes respectively; and that, although such Inclosure, Division, or Exchange, will be a mint fell Advantage to the Petitioners, and an Improvement of their Interests and Properties in the said Township, yet the same cannot be effectually established, to anf.ver the Intention of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Miles Stapylton, and Mr. Comptroller, do prepare, and

bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in the Poultry Debtor* Compter, within the City of London, was presented to the Petition. House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. '

A Petition of the several Tradesmen and Shopkeepers Southwark within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and theft- Snail Debt*, veral Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St.

Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ late Part of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Rot herhit hin the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame, whoft Names are thereunto subscribed, as well on behalf of themselves as of all others trading or inhabiting within the said Borough, Parishes, and Liberties, was presented to the House*. and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in the Course of their Dealings, are under a Necessity of giving Credit to great Numbers of Persons for small Sums, which, in the whole, amounts to a great Sum of Money every Year; and notwithstanding several of theft Debtors are well able to pay the Petitioners, yet they frequently refuse fb to do, presuming on the Dif-couragements which the Petitioners lie under, from the unavoidable Expence in fuingfor such Debts, and the Delays even after Judgment; and that the givingTradefinen an easy and speedy Method for recovering their just Debts, and at a small Expence, will not only (as the Petitioners conceive) greatly tend to the Promoting of In-duftryand the Support of ufefu! Credit, but relieve poor Debtors, who are put to a great Expence by their being sued at Common Law: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave that a Bill may b* brought in for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St: Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Chri/l Church, and St. Mary at

Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Preempts and Liberties of the fame; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that t,hey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with theic Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And

512 12° — 15* Febrmrii A. 1747.

And it is referred to Mr. Belchier, Mr. Dowdeswetl, Lord Baltimore, Lord Perceval, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Humfrey, Sir Thomas, Mr. Fmaker -

ley. Sir John Gust, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Mr. Child, Sir

Richard Wrottesley, Lord Gage, Mr. , Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Edward FincMr. Mr. Mr.

Grenville, Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. West. Lord Barrington, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr: Moretoni Mr. Tracy, Mr. Marton, Mr. Gundry, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hume Campbell, Lord , Mr. Mellish, Sir Edmund

Isham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, Mr. fVhiehcot, Mr. Lloyd, Sir John Turner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, Kent, 2nd the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at- Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Buckingham A Petition of the Bailiff, Burgesses, and other Inhabi-Afloes. fonts of the County Town of , was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. Tint the Town of Buckingham, from whence the County of that Name is denominated, was, in ancient Times, the Place where all the County Business was transaded, and where the Judges held the Assizes; but that for many Years patt it hath been usual, for the more convenient Administration of Justice to his Majesty's Subjects residing at the different Ends of the County, which is of a great Length, to appoint the Summer Assizes only, to be holden for the said County, at Buckingham, and the Winter Assizes at Aylesbury, and that the Petitioners, to their great Concern and Surprize, have seen this Regulation, which has been invariably pursued for many Years, lately brol en in upon, by an Appointment for holding the last Summer Assizes at Aylesbury, which was accordingly done:. And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for restoring to them the Summer Assizes, and fixing them there for the future.

A* Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TcUert for the Yte,$r. LymUm

TeHmfor the Noes, EMmd'noma

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. , and Mr. George Gren-

ville do prepare, and bring.in,.thetaid Bill.

Wolvfr- Ordered, That Sir Richard IVrottesley, be added to the

*M"Pto"»8cc* Committee to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford and Places adja-.cent, whose Names, are thereunto subscribed, is referred.-

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Warburton have Leave to go to Absence. the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

And then' the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

i ----- - — a. — ..... - . , v —

Lunay 150 did Februarii;

Anno 2i* Georgii Ilrt Regis, 1747.

A Petition of the several confined Debtors within the Prison of the Sheriff of the County of Norfolk-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

And - the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie-upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Inhabitants' and Burgesses of the Tn-»ony Borough of Tfegony, in the County of whose

Names are fuhleribed to a. Petition, complaining of an ondiie Election rind Return for the said Borough, be at Liberty to withdraw their laid Petition.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec-, tions be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition. 1

A Petition of Edward Ifadc Ja'ckfon Alderman of the Bnrv St. Burgh of Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Suffolk, E<imund* and of the several other Persons, whose Names a re there- an*

unto subscribed, being Burgesses arid principal Inhabitants l,ec‘"" of the Burgh and Town of"Bury St. Edmund aforesaid, on behalf ot themselves, and the Burgesses and principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Burgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor of the fetid Burgh do daily multiply, and Idltness and Debauchery amongst the meaner Sort do greatly increase, for want of Workhouses to keep them employed, and a sufficient Autluikyco compel them to work; which tends not only to the great D.stress of the said Poor themselves, but to the ga-at Loss and Expence of the other Inhabitants of the said Burgh; and that the Streets and Highway's in and about the said Burgh are very much out of Repair; and that the Laws now in Being for repairing the said Highways cannot be put in Execution, without great Hardiliips to many Inhabitants of the said Town and Burgh, who are chargeable to contribute towards the Expence of such Rtpans: And therefore (the Petitioners apprehending that no effectual Provisioncan be made for remedying the Mischiefsand Inconveniences above-mentioned, and preventing the Growth and Increase thereof for the future, unless by the Aid and Authority of Parliament) praying the House to give leave that a Bill may be brought in for erecting Workhouses, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the said Town and Burgh; and for the better paving and repairing the Streets and Highways there, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall lcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Proby, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Tracy, Lord Trentham, Mr. Hill, Mr. irfcdehouse. Lord Middlesex, Mr. Viitiers, Mr. Geo. , Mr.' zon, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Gren-

ville, Mr. Nugent, Sir Miles Stapylion, Mr. Winning ton,

Mr. George Selwyn, Mr. Harris, Mr. Plamer, Mr. Fel-lowes, Mr. Plumptre', Mr. Tuckfeeld, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Mikenzie, Mr. Charles Mf.

Gore, Sir Thomas Wynn, Lord , Sir Conyers

D'Arcy, Mr. Lyttelton, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Mr.

Compton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bofcazven; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the SpeakerVChamber: And have.

Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Prat bus.

CleA of the* IVyT^" Speaker acquainted the House, That Jeremiah House. xYl; Dyjott, of Lincolns-Inn, Esquire, was appointed,

by his Majesty, Clerk of the House of Commons, in the -Room of Nicholas Hardinge Esquire; and that he attended at the Door:

He was called in, and took his Seat at the Table.

P*0 A Petition of the Prisoners in' the Cattle at York: Petition*. And

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy-Governor, Af- Exeter Poof, ffttants, and Guardians of the Poor, of tire City and Conn Ac.

ty of Elton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign oftlie late King W the Third, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of the City of Exon, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, the Mayor and Aldermen of the said City,

21 Geo. II. it 5* Eebruarit.

for the Time being, and Forty other Persons to be chosen, for the Time being, as in the Act is mentioned, were incorporated into One Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and County of Exon, with Power to purchase or erect any I Iospitals, Workhouscs, or Houses of Correction, and to let to work the Poor of the said City, and to compel ail idle or poor People, begging, or seeking Relief, to work, and to provide for all such other Poor, as, by any Laws then in Force, ought to be maintained or provided for, by any Parish or Place within the said City and County; and to raise, for the building and erecting such Hospital-, Work-houses, or 1 loutls of Correction, what Sum or Sums of Money should be needful, lb that the same shouldnot exceed the.Sum of Three thousand Pounds; and also, to raise what weekly, monthly, or other Sums should be needful for the Maintenance of the Poor in the said Hof* pitah, Workhouscs, or Houfis of Correction, or within the Care of the said Corp nation, foas the same did not exceed what had been paid in the salt! City and County towards the Maintenance of the Poor thereof, in any One of the Three then bit p:accding Years; and also, from time to time, under their common Seal, to certify unto the Mayor and justices for the said City and County, for the Time being, what Sum or Sums of Money should be requisite for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said City, the same to be levied in such manner, as by tire said Act is directe 1: And representing to the House, That in pursuance of the said Act, One Hospita) or Workhouse was toon after crcfted within the County of the said City, and the said Sum of Three thousand Pounds raised within the Space of Three Years so; and towards the erecting the rein; but that the Charges of the lard Building greatly exceeding the said Three thousand Pounds over and beyond several Benefactions of charitable disposed Persons, the said Corporation contracted a large Debt, l'ome Part of which hath been since dd'Cunsd, but that there dill re-mains due from the said Corporation, on Bonds, under their common Seal, the Sum of One thousand Three hundred l'uty-two Pounds Six Shillings, with Intcrelf for the same for upwards of Seven Years lad pad, amounting to uj wards of Five hundred Pounds: And further setting forth. That, ever since the obtaining the said Act unto this d ime, the said Corporation have certified yearly to the Mayor and Judiees of the said City and County, for thcTime being. That the Sum ot Two thousand Nine hundred Pounds was requisite and necessary for the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Hospital or Workhousc, or within the Care of the said Corporation; which laid Sum of Two thousand Nine hundred Pounds was the.utmod which the said Corporation were enabled, by the said Act, to levy or raise within the Space of any One Year; and which said Sum, or so much thereof as could be levied and raised, hath been expended, from time to time, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; but that, abouc Eight Years since, by rc ilon of several extreme hard Winters and dry Summers luccecding, and a general Slackness of Trade, for Five Years fucceliively, and the Dear-ness and Scarcity of Provisions, the Charge of maintaining the said Poor was greatly increased beyond the said Sum of Two thousand Nine hundred Pounds; so that the said Corporati m were obliged to contract a large Debt, as well for Money advanced by several of the Guardians, for the Use of the Poor of the said City, as also to Tradesmen, for Provisions and other NeccH'aries lor supporting the Poor in the said Hospital or Workhouse, to the Amount of the Sum of Three thousand One hundred Sixty-one Pounds and upwards; and that the Petitioners were in hopes to lnve lessened the said Debt in the succeeding Years, the Price ol Provisions havingcor.fulerably decreased, but that t he Petitioners find, by the experience of the Three hit Years, that though the said Sum, directed by the said A cl to be laved, has proved lb trident for the Maintenance of the Poor within the said l'hree Years, yet, by reason of the growing Interest on the said Bonds, as also of the Monies advanced by wdl-disposed Persons, VoL. 25.

for the Use of the Grid Corporation, in the Times aforesaid, as also that Actions have been commenced, and prosecuted to Judgment, against the said Corporation, by several Tradesmen, for divers Sums, really and bond side due to them from the said Corporation, for Provisions by them delivered, for the Use of the Poor in the said Hospital or Workhouse, the Debt of the said Corporation hath been gradually increased, even within the said last Three Years; and that the Petitioners have no Hope of discharging the fame, but by the Assistance of this House: and further representingto the House, That although, in con-fcquenceof the Certificates made by the said Corporation, under their common Seal, to the Mayor and J^uflices of the said City, Rates were made, from time to time, for the Levying of the said Sum of Two thousand Nine hundred Pounds yearly, yet as, by the said Act, an Appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said City and County, at their next general Quarter-Seliions of the Peace after such. Assessment made and demanded, is given to any Person or Persons who should find him or themfehves unequally taxed or assessed, and the said Justices of the Peace had full Power and Authority to grant them Relief therein, many Appeals, from time to time, have been made, and Relief granted; and as neither the said Justices in the said Quarter-Sessions, nor the said Corporation) had any Power, by the said Act, to make a Re-act'eflrnent of such Sums as were so abated, or were otherwise deficient in the Sum certified as aforesaid, the said Corporation have never been able to levy and raise the Sum so by them yearly certified to the Mayor and Justices aforesaid; and there is now an Arrear to the said Corporation, by means of the said Deficiencies, which have gradually accrued, during the Existence of the said Corporation, the Sum of Three thousand Six hundred and Nine Pounds and upwards: And further representing to the House, That the Realons which appear to the Petitioners to have been the Cause of the said Deficiencies, and also of the Incurring of the great Debt as aforesaid, have been as follows; to wit, That, by the said Act, the Church-wardens and Overseers of the Poor, who have been directed to make the Assessments for levying the Sum certified as necessary to be raised, have rated as well all vacant Houses as those which were inhabited, by which means the Rates so charged on the said vacant Houses have proved to be deficient, no Distress having been pof-lible to be levied, whereby the same might be recovered; and for that several Persons, who have been rated, have removed from their Houses within the Year, and gone into other Parishes or Places in the County of , or elsewhere, so that such Rates could not be collected from such Persons, for the Residue of such Years: and also. That, by the said Act, the Powers for levying Distress have not been found sufficient to recover the Sums rated, even in Cafes where, by the Powers in the Act, commonly called the Land Tax Act, the Sums rated might have been recovered; and also, for that the Forty Persons chosen into the said Corporation as aforesaid, and on whom the Burthen of the Execution of the said Act chiefly lieth, are elected for Life; which hath deterred many Persons, who might otherwise have done great Service in the said Corporation, from engaging the rein; and for that no adequate Penalty is established by the said Act, against any Person chosen as a Member of the said Corporation, who shall neglect or refule toast; and for that, although the said Sum to be raised is, by the said Act, required to be raised and levied by Taxation of ever}' Inhabitant, and of all Lands, Houses, Tythes impropriate, Appropriation of Tythes, and all Stocks and Estates, in the said City and County, in equal Proportion, according to their respective Worths and Values, yet hitherto no Proportion between the landed and personal Estates hath been possible to be settled, nor is likely so to be, without the Interpolation of the Legislature: And therefore praying the Assistance of the House, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to levy the said Sum of Three thousand Six hundred and Nine Pounds, now in Arrear, by reason of such Deficiencies as aforesaid, within the Space of Three "Years, to be applied towards the

6 P Payment

Exeter Poor, &c.

Exeter Poor, fee.

5H

150 Februarii. 1747.

Payment of all the Creditors of the said Corporation, in equal Proportion, according to their respective Debts, together with the Colt and Charge attending the passing an Act for the Purposes herein mentioned; and that Clauses may be inserted in the said Act to prevent the Afieffing of vacant Houses, during the Time of their Vacancy, but to assess such Persons as shall afterwards be inhabitant in such vacant Houses for the Residue of any Year, and for granting Power, in case of Non-payment of the Rates, for the more effectual levying of Distresses for Recovery of the fame, and for determining any Question or Difference which shall happen upon taking such Distresses; and in case of real Deficiencies, of making a Re-assessment, to recover the same yearly, provided the said Deficiencies shall be made appear, on Oath, to the Mayor and Justices of the said City and County, to be real; and for making such Regulations in the Expences and Levies of the said Corporation as shall be necessary; and for establishing a Qualification for such Persons, who shall be hereafter capable of being chosen of the Number of the Guardians, by the said Act directed; and for establishing a proper Penalty on Rich Guardians, as, being elected, shall neglect or refuse to act; and for settling the Number of Years that every Guardian shall be obliged to serve, by virtue of his Election 5 and for establishing such Proportion of the said Money to be raised by Rates as aforesaid, between the landed and personal Estates within the said City, as to the House shall seem reasonable; and for making such other Regulations as the House shall think fit; and submitting the Premises to the House, praying such Relief therein, as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered,\That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Haldane, Mr. Prowje, Sir B Wrey, Colonel BoJ-,

cawen, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Webb, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Terke, Mr. Freder, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Mr. Sandyt, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mr. Vane, Mr.

Tracy, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. George Townshend, Sir Richard WrottejMr. Campbell of Col-

der, Lord Strange, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Willes, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Mr.

Hampden, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Harris, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Fane, Mr. Barbor, Sir MilesStapylton, Mr.

Mr. West, Lord Harley, Sir John Turner, Lord Deer-hurst, Mr. Hill; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr Secretary at War presented to the House, pursu- Account of ant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of extraor- Amb dinary Expences incurred in Flanders, in North Britain, and America, and of other Services in the Year 1747, not provided for by Parliament:

He also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Com- Estimate of mand, Estimate of the Charge for Allowances to several Charges of Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horie ^oo^sof Guards and Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, together HwieGuaidk with several incident Charges arifine therefrom, for the Year 1748:

He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hof-pitals for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1748:

He also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25 th of December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year

1748:

He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- Lid of Halt dress to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1748.

And the Titles of the said Account, Estimates, and Lifts were read.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Account and Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Estimate of Hospital Charges.

Lift of Officers Widows.

An ACCO UNTof extraordinary Expences incurred in Flanders, in North Britain, and America, and of other

Services in the Year 1747, not provided for by Parliament.

Extraordinary Services in Flanders.

Towards the Expence of Prisoners in France - -

To the contingent Expences of the joint Military Chest to attend the Battering Train ——

For the Pay of additional Staff Officers ——

For secret Service, Intelligence, and other extraordinary Services of divers Natures ——

For Boats taken by the Enemy ——

To (undry Duties paid upon Grain ——

For Extraordinaries on the March of Brigadier s Brigade -

For Exprefires, Portage of Letters, and Packets, paid to the Postmaster General of the Army For Baggage Money for Six Battalions and of their Staff Officers

For Baggage Horses for Two Regiments of Dragoons - -

For sundry Services performed by Mr. Hatton -

For Ammunition ——

For Camp Necessaries ——

For subsisting French Prisoners ——

For 100 Days Forage for the Regiments of Foot, and for the General and Staff Officers -

For Sacks for Oats ——

To several Colonels of Dragoons to replace Clothes

and Accoutrements loft by their respective Regi- s. d.

ments, at the Action of Lnfeldt - - - - 5,170 j 1

To Ditto to replace 322 Horses and Accoutrements loft

at the Action of Lafeldt ----- 4,830 — —

To William Masters, for 2,085 Fair of Blankets, and packing the same, for the British Troops in the Low Countries ——

£ s. d.

1,820 2 6

7,009 6 11

7.755 6

16,334 10 2

G°75 2 7

414 i1 8

909 9 10

404 *9 8

1,050 160 "

300 —

456 — 6

2>975 11 —

57 l5 10

6,742 3 7 1

728 *9 4

10,000 9 1

1.053 ——

T*

5*5

41 Geo. II. 15* Februarii.

To Mr. Middleton for providing Bedding and Blankets for the Hospital in the Low Countries -

To Alexander Hume Esquire, for 91 Days Pay advanced to Mr. Nicholas Carpentier for 300 Bread Waggons, to be furnidled by him to the Forces in the Low Countries

To Mr. Gamier for Medicines and Utensils provided for the Use of the Forces and the Hospital attending them ——

Extraordinary Expences of the Forces in North Britain.

Paid on Account to the Commissary and Contractors for Forage and Fuel for the several Regiments in North , and the Expence of Ships,

Boats, and Sloops, attending that Service; and also the uiual Allowances of Forage Money to the General and Staff Officers in North Britain, from 12th May 1746, to 24 December 1747, by virtue of his Royal Highncls the Duke's Warrants, and thofeof the Commander's in chief -To Mr. Dundafs for Bread and Bread Waggons to the Forces ordered to encamp in North Britain, by virtue of his Majesty's Warrant To Major Caulfield for the Expences of making new £. s. d.

Roads, and building Bridges in North - - - 4,650 — —

To Ditto for repairing the old Roads and Bridges - - 500 ——

To the Charge of the Hospital ——

For Provisions to the Garrisons of Castle-Menzie, Blair, and Fort-William\ and for Coals and other Necessaries furnished the latter -

For the Pay of Staff Officers extraordinary, not upon the Establishment of North Britain ....

To l'ecrct Service, and other extraordinary Services of divers Natures -To make good to General Guefi, Bnrrack-master of Scotland, the Loss of Provisions, Utensils, Isle, by the Rebels taking Ruthven,

and Innerfitait ——

To General Bland, for extraordinary Expences on his being appointed Commander in chief in North Britain ——

To the Earl of London, for the Subsistence of the Independent Companies under his Command in North Britain, in the Year 1746 -

Other extraordinary Services.

To complete the Levy Money due to the Three Regiments of Foot

Guards, augmented in the Year 1746. s. d.

To the 1 ft Regiment of Foot Guards - 672 4 9

To the ad Ditto ----- --- 1,678 6 6

To the 3d Ditto ----- --- 1,080 7 9

To Peter de Planta Esquire, to indemnify his Expences in coming over in the Year 1744, to raise a Swifis Regiment for his Majesty's Service -To indemnify the Officers of Sir Robert s Regiment

of Dragroons, for the Loss of 30 Horses at Melle, at £. s. d,

£.15 each ----- -- 450---

To Sir Rc£<t/ Rich to complete the Sum 3,052. i8j.

10 d.disbursed by him for providing new Clothing and Accoutrements tQ his Regiment of Dragroons, to replace those loft at Melle, in the 1745 - 1,55a 18 10

s. d. 10 —

To Robert Fowler Coad, Thomas Lc Coc, and Charles Lampriere, for victual

ing the Blands of Guernsey and Jerfiey ....

To make good the Loss of Provisions put on Board the Margaret and Anne in July 1746, for victualing the Augmentation to GeneralPhilipps' % Regiment in America, taken by the Spaniards -To make good the Loss ot a Ship loaded with several Species of Provisions for victualing Rattan, which was taken by the French- - -

To Mr. Jordan, Highland Bigger, Agent for the Saltash Privateer, for One Moiety of Prime Cost of Bedding and of the Stores put on Board the , for the

Garrison of LouiJkourg, which was taken by the Enemy, and re-taken by the said Salla/h, for Salvage - 3x1 — —

I-

889

>415

*7

11

For fat: fying the Contractors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the 6 d. per Man per Week, stopt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contract -To his Majesty's Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished to the Garrison of Gibraltar ..... -f - -

To Thomas Revell Esquire, Contractor for victualing Gibraltar, and to answer all Payments made, and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for victualing as for Insurance and incident Charges, to 24 De- c ember 1747 ——

Vox.. 25.

£. s. d. 2,400 ——

12,522 18 8

6*77» 77

----- ----- --- — 80,949

40,845 11 8

3*706 5 —

5,150 ——

700 ——

1,387 13 iof

806 ——

3,536 12 1

983 5 5

1,000 ——

2,800 — —

60,915

3,430 19 —

500 ——

2,002 18 10

551 *9 10

2,616 7 11

r

*>27S ——

1,604 19 11

1,838 5 6

s. di

3 11

8 — 1

To

t

516

15° Februarii.

l-

To Lieutenant-General Wentworth, whi 1 ft he served with the King of Sardinia as Lieutenant-General, at £. 4 a Day, and his Two Aids de Camp at 10 each -To Ditto, to enable him to repair to Turin in that Capacity

s.

1,825 ——

1,000 ——

To Luke Gardiner Esquire, for 793 Men, draughted and sent from ,to

recruit the Regiments in Flanders, after the Battle of Fontenoy For the extraordinary Pay or Douceurs, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries due to the Hessian Forces in the Years 1745 and 1746 To Mr. Steele, Deputy Director of the Hospital to the Army, late under Marshal Wade, to pay several Persons for Necessaries furnished for that Service To Camp Necessaries for the 12 new-raised Companies sent abroad under the Command of Admiral Bofcawen - -

To Bas and Baggage Horses to the several Battalions that were ordered that Year to Flanders - t - -

To the Difference of Pay between the and Irish Establishments, for

One Regiment of Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, for One Year, to 24 December 1747 ——

To the Pay of Sir John Ligonier's Regiment of Horse, for 57 Days, from 25 December 1746, to 20 February, exclusive, following, when they landed in Ireland ——

To Ditto, to Major General Hamilton's Regiment of Dragoons, for the same Time ——

To complete the Alignment of the Off-reckonings for clothing 280 private Men of the First Regiment of Foot Guards, being 10 Men per Company, reduced the 25 December-174.6,to 24 July 1747 -

To Ditto, of 180 Men of the Coldstream Regiment, for the same Time ——

To Ditto, of 180 Men of the Third Regiment of Foot Guards for the same Time -

jC*

626

400

s.

5

d.

7

8

400

8

To complete the Off-reckonings for clothing the follow-

Horse,

Foot.

respective Days of Difbandment. f Duke of Montagu's £Duke of Kington's -: £- 557 s. 1 d 8

- - 118 *5 4

Duke of Montagu's Duke of Bolton's - - - m 476 6 2

- - 910 *7 7

Duke of Bedfords Duke of Ancaster's - - 208 8 3

« - 815 12 4

Marquis of Granby's Earl of Berkley's - - 5l 9

- - 881 — 10

( Earl of Hallifax's - - 440 11 10

Earl of Cholmondeley's - - 809 >4 —

Lord Falmouth's - - - - 752 10 5

Earl of Gower's - - - 732 5 6

Lord Viscount Harcourt' % - m 857 5 9

Lord Herbert's - - - - m 815 12 3

Lord Edgecumb's - - - 956 2 5

To 97 Days Pay of the General and Staff Officers upon the late Expedition under the Command of General St. Clair, from 25th of December to 31st March 1747, after which Time the said Expedition determined -To Ditto of the Officers of the Hospital for the same Time -

For sundry Services in America.

To Commodore Knowles's Bills for Fuel, Rum, Melasses, and Sloops, for the Service of the Garrison of Louisbourg ——

To Mr. Robert Bristow, for Medicines provided for Ditto -To Lieutenant-Colonel Hopfon, for Contingencies for Ditto -To Governor Shirley's Bills for providing Arms and Clothing for 2,500 Men raised in the Providence of Massachusets-Bay -

To Governor Thomas's Bills for providing Clothing, Arms, and Accoutrements for Four Companies, consisting of Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 2 Drums, and xoo private Men in each, raised in the Province of Pensilvania -To Govenor Clinton's Bills for 24 Companies raised within the Province of New York -

To Thomas Bladen Esquire, late Governor of Maryland, for Clothing provided for the Troops raised there, and for the Purchase of Tents, Camp Necessaries, and Boats to transport them to the Place of Rendezvous To fitisfy a Bill drawn by John Grymes Esquire, for so much issued by Order of Sir William Gooch, Lieutenant-Governor of Virginia, for Subsistence of Officers and 130 Men raised ——

War-Office, Feb. 15, 1747-

A. 1747.

£> d.

2,825 ——

2>379 ——

28,249 9 4

5°7 *5 5 722 8 3

4P45 ——

9,097 12 6

3,800 19 — 3,065 13 —

1,426 8 11

9,850 4 1

2,311 16 8

3*5 5 —

*7»279 6

73 — —

752 14 —

22,632 5 3

2,248 a 11

45.026 11 4

1,452 11

*,130 1 10

£ t. d.

83,4!7 3 2

90,594 13 S

H. Fox.

315,876 8 9i

21 Geo. II. 15# Febr 517

ESTIMATE of the Charge for Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, together with several incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Year 1748. '

Allowances to the Officers of the Third Troop of Horse Guards, exclusive

of their Half-pay:

ill Lieutenant-Colonel ad Lieutenant-Colonel ad Major -

Exempts -

Brigadiers

Sub-Brigadiers -

Adjutant -Chaplain -Surgeon -Kettle-drummer

Trumpeters

Anthony Lemeloniere Francis Otway Newton Barton f Charles Bra

1 John Bofcawen

J Philip Browne ( George Phillips C William Merrick

1 William Buckley Lyon \ Roger Dewh

( Charles Bembtw C Lord Wallingford I James Monk -

Charles Bem

Edward Fleet -William Nartloo John Toufey

C Joseph Goodman 1 Andrew Thomas \ John Jones I Henry Webb -

Pfey ptr Diejn.

Allowances to the Officers of the Fourth Troop of Horse Guards, exdulive

of their Half-pay:

ad Lieutenant-Colonel ift Major ad Major

Exempts -Brigadiers

Sub-Brigadiers -

Chaplain -Surgeon -Kettle-drummer

Trumpeters

m

William Peters Robert Abbot -James Johnfione

Clement Hi/grove Darcy Hebden -

Robert Austin -Francis Martin Edward Fletcher Charles Dartioneneve George Ward -Richard Hillary Taylor Robert Burdett

John Bateman -Lord Rutherford Edward Dorrell Francis Laponge John Harris -William Douglass William Harris Thomas Harris Henry Kopp -

I. s. d.

— 96

— 96

I I

— 66 — 66 — 66

— 4

— 4 —

— 4 —

— 26

— 26

— it

2

2

2

2

2

2

6

6

6

6

6

Allowances to 158 iuperannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at "jd. per Diem, for 366 Days ——

From which deduct the Pay of One Man borne on the Muster-Rolls of each of the First and Second Troops of Horse Guards, at 4 a Day each

For 366 Days.

Allowances to 61 private Gentlemen late belonging to the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards reduced, at £. 10 per Annum, until provided for ——

Allowances to the following private Gentlemen late belonging to the id and 2d Troops of Horse Guards, on their retiring from the Service at £. 40 each; viz.

f Richard Burton - - - - 40 — —

1 ft T roop - -< Nathan Walker ----- - 40 ——

f Henry Bell - 40 — —

2d Troop - - William Johnson - - - - 40 — —

I- J->73 >7

>73 >7 —

164 14 —

118 19 — 118 19 — 118 19 — -118 19 — 4 — 4 " 4 — 4 — *5 ~ 45 *5 — 91 10 — 30 10 — 36 12 —

45 >5 — 45 >3 — 45 >5 " 45 >5 — 45 >5 —

73

73

73

73

45

>.759 17 —

9 6 >73 >7 —

— 9 — 164 14 —

— 9 — 164 14 —

— 6 6 ns >9 —

— 6 6 ns >9 —

— 6 6 ns 19 —

— 6 6 ns *9 —

— 4 — 73 4 "

— 4 — 73 4 —

— 4 — 73 4 —

— 4 — - 73 4 —

— 2 6 45 >5 —

— 2 6 45 >5 —

— 2 6 45 >5 —

— 1 8 3° 10 —

— 2 — 36 12 —

— 2 6 45 >5 —

— 2 6 45 >5 —

— 2 6 45 *5 —

— 2 6 45 >5 —

2 6 45 >5, —

3,464 16 —

c S. d.

1,686 >3 —

146 8 —

*>54° 5 — 610 — —

160 — —

Vox.

«Q

Allowances

£t8

15* Februarii.

Allowances to the following Widows, towards defraying the Burial Expences of their late respective Husbands who served in the First and Second Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 20

20 ——

each; viz. lft Troop

2d Troop

_ f Mary Grey I Ame Blackburne -f Anne Sewell -< Mary Rhodes [ EflizabelhDuffin -

20 — —

20 — — 20 — — 20 ——

To Lieutenant-Colonel Madan*&s Lieutenant-Colonel of Horse, at To Lieutenant Wallis, as Lieutenant of Dragoons, at To Quarter-mailer Smith, at ——

To Quarter-master Alloway, per Annum -

per Diem, s.

8

9

3

146 8 —

164 14 —

54 *8 —

35 ——

To the Off-reckonings of the Third Troop of Horse Guards, payable in the Year 1748 -To Ditto, for the Fourth Troop - r ——

War-Office, Feb. 15th, 1747.

H. Fox.

Total -

A. 1747:

L*

d.

too — —

401 ——

1.287 12 ---

1.287 11 "

8,851 5 --

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff-Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his.

For 566 Days.

General and General Staff-Officers ----- - Officers of the Hospitals - - - - -Forage for the General and Staff-Officers in Flanders - - - 1- 43.907 *>267 3.685 s. d. l3 9 i5 — >4 3

' Fox. Total - - - S3?861 3 "

Ordered, That the said Account, Estimates, and Lifts, do lie-upon the Table, to be perufecl by the Members of the House.

Debtors Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt

Petition, in the Prison of Woodjlreet Compter, was presented to the

House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

insolvent - Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Debtors. Relief of insolvent Debtors; And that Mr. Cornewall, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, and Sir HughSmithjon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Drypool - A Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for in-

Inclosure. closing and dividing a large open common Pasture Ground, called Somergangs, otherwise Somergams, in the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved., That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor, Mr. George Fox, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Lord Benlinck, Lord Trent ham I, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Mr. Thornton, Mr. George Selwyn, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Willes, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Walpole, Mr. George Townshend, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Willey, Sir Richard Warwick Bampfylde, Lord Petersham, Mr. Ilodgkinjon, Mr. Baptist Levejon Gower, Mr Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Cujl, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Wilson, Mr.. Ba'.hurst, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Gray, Sir Wm. Yonge, Lord Strange, Lord Howe, Mr. Barne, Mr. Hill, Mr. Child, Lord Coke, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Butler, Sir Wm. Levejon; end all the Members who serve for the Counties of York and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wdtminster A Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge tiridge. at Westminster, being offered to be presented to the House i

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House: Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of Parliament passed in his present Majesty's Reign, appointed Commissioners for building a J Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore; in the County of Suand are by Two Acts, passed im the 12th and 13th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, impowered to make, design, and lay out, such Ways, Streets, and Passages, as they shall find proper to make, open, and lay out, on each Side the River Thames, to and from the intended Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall find necessary for them to be possessed of; and that the Petitioners have madea considerableProgress in building the said Bridge, and have pu'rchafed several Houses and Parcels of Ground for opening, widening, and rendering convenient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; in doing which, they have expended almost: all the Monies hitherto granted them for the said Purposes (notwithstanding the y have proceeded with the utmost Care and Frugality), and are still under Contracts for several Parts of the Works which are now carrying on, and for purchasing several Estates necessary for the said Purposes, and which will amount to a greater Sum than is now in the Hands of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners find themselves under a Necessity of applying to this House for such farther Sums of Money as the House shall judge proper, that a Work so useful and advantageous to the Publick may not be Hopped for want thereof: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the Petitioners such further Sums of Money as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition

Debtor*

Petition.

Supply*

Ways tad Means.

Hertford Bridge Road s.

21 Geo. II. 15" — 16" Februarii. 519

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in White- of the in the Borough of Southwark, was Debtors

chapel Prison, Was presented to the House, and read; presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Petition-complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief. Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. O, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refo/ved', That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tiic whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

MarliSj 16° die Februarii; Anno 2i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, paired in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King the Second, for repairing the Road from Hntford Bridge Hi// to the Town of Baftngstoke, and also the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odikam, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, by the said Act, several Toils and Duties were granted and made payable, for repairing the said Road; which said Act was to take place, and have Continuance only, from and after the First Day of June 1737, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Tears; and that the Petitioners, finding the said Roads in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income not being sufficient, have been obliged to borrow a considerable Sum of Money for putting the same into, and keeping the same in Repair; and that the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds Principal Money is now due on the Credit of the said Act; which, with the Income of the said Toll collected, hath been duly paid and applied for the Interest of the Money borrowed, and in repairing the said Road; and that by means of the great Length of the Roads directed by the said Act to be repaired, and the many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, the said Roads are now in a very ruinous Condiiion, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair for the foture; and that the Money due on the Credit of the subsisting Term cannot be repaid without the Aid of a farther Act of Parliament: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Harry Lord Deer-

hurst, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gore, Lord Strange, Mr. Trent hard.

Sir William Corbett, Lord Gage, Sir Richard,

Mr. Compton, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. H, Mr. Holmes, Lord Parker, Mr Ihornhagh, Mr. Alderman Baker, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Oglethorpe, Mr. Smith, Mr. Aid-worth, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lifter, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Henry Munro, Sir John Turner, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Webb, Mr. Martin, Mr. Nugent; and all the Members who fence for the Counties of Southampton, Wilts, Dorset, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the poor confined Debtors in the Prison Vol. 25.

Ordered, That the Chamberlain of the City of London Account of 1 do lay before this House, an Account of the gross and £rPhan*' net Produce of the several Funds granted to the said City Ullt!' c‘ by an A&, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, to Miafnmmer lafi, disting-tiftnng each Year.

Ordered, That the Chamberlain of the City of London Account of do lay before this House, an Account of the Amount of Debt due to the now capital Debt due to the Orphans, and other Cre- rPh*n*&c' ditors, of the said City, as it was settled and adjusted pursuant to the Ad, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Town Clerk of the City of London Paper redo lay before this House, a Copy of the Report, made spefting the by a Committee of Aldermen, to the Court of Lord Peve* Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, the 2ift Day of nue' c*

July last, of the State of the Revenue belonging to the said City and Orphans Fund.

Mr. Secretary at War, by his Majesty's Command, Convention presented to the House, with Duke of

Copy of the Subsidiary Convention between his Majesty Brunswick. and the States General, on the one Part; and the Duke of Brunswick IVolfenbuttle, on the other; signed at the Hague, the First of February 1748, N. S.; and,

Translation: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Four thousand Eight hundred Foot, the Troops of his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttle, taken into the Pay of Great Britain and the States General, fro;p the 25th of

March 1748, to the 24th December following, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Sefixon.

And the said Translation and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

Treaty, by virtue of which his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttle yields to the Pay of his Majesty the King of Great Britairt, and to their High Mightinesse the Lords the States General of the United Provinces of the Low,

a Body of 4,800 Men, Infantry.

Art. Ift.

His most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttle engages to furnish to his Majesty,

and to their High Mightinelfes, a Body of 4,800 Men, which consist in Six Regiments of Foot, each Regiment of Eight Companies, and each Company of an Hundred Men, with a Great Staff for each Regiment: His most Serene Highness shall furnidi, over and above that, an Artillery Company, and Eight Field Pieces, attended with their Train Horses, and proper necessary Requisites; the Whole provided with a General Staff', proportionable to what is more fully specified in the Lift hereto annexed.

' Art. m

As the said Troops shall be, at their Arrival, duly clothed, armed, exercised, and furnished in general with every thing necessary to be employed in the Field, his most Serene Highness (Hall continue to supply, for this Purpose, every thing at his Cost, by virtue of this Treaty.

Art. III".

The said Body of Troops shall be regularly and readily paid upon the Foot, and according to what is marked in the Lift mentioned in the ift Article, and inserted at the End of this Treaty; for One Half, by his Britannick Majesty*

t

S2°

16° Februarii. ^.1747.

Contention Majesty; and, for the other Half, by their High Mighti-Bruni^'ick nc^es» ^'s Majesty and their High Mightinesse reciprocally guarantying to his moil Serene Highness the Quote Parts which each of the Confederates shall have to pay to his most Serene Highness, as well by virtue of this Article, as of all those which follow

The Forage shall be delivered , from the Magazines of his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightiness, to those Troops, according to the Lift inserted at the End of this Treaty, from the time that the said Troops shall take the Field, till they shall return into Garrison, or into Winter Quarters, excepting the Time that the allied Army shall forage; at which time Care shall be had to procure to thelc Troops the same Conveniences, and the same Advantages, as to the Republick's own Troops.

The Bread mail be furnished, during the Campaign, to these Troops, in paying for it at the Prices of the Contraft; but in case that the Portion of Bread, at the Rate of Two Pounds, should cost theft Troops above One and One-third of a Stiver, or Four Stivers, Dutch Money, the Three Portions, or Six Pounds of Bread, his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall make good this Overplus to the Contractors, and reimburse also the Expences to be incurred for the Waggons serving to transport the Sick, the Passages by Rivers, the Wood, and the Straw, and other Dependencies of this Nature: The said necessary Wood and Straw shall likewise be delivered gratis during the Campaign, as well as all the necessary Ammunitions for this Body; the Whole, according to the Proportion established between his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse for the casual Expences of the War; guarantying mutually, that each of them shall cause Provision to be made in every thing as above.

The Payment of the Quote Part of their High Mighti-nesses shall be made at the Counting-houses, without the least Deduction; and the Generals, Officers of the Great Staff, and the Captains, shall be dispensed from paying the Leges or AElen-Gelder.

Art. IVA.

The laid TTbops, as well as their Generals, shall take the Oath of Fidelity to his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse, according to the Formulary used with the Hessian Troops, without prejudicing that which

they have taken to his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wolfcnbuttlt\ and shall follow the Orders of his Britannick Majesty and of their High Mightinesse, to be employed as the Service of the common Cause shall require.

Art. V,h.

The said Body of Six Battalions shall put themselves in Motion in Eight Weeks, or sooner, if it is possible, after the Signature of this Treaty; and shall use the greatest Diligence to arrive as soon as possible upon the Frontiers of the Republick, or at the allied Army, according as the Circumstances of the Times ft)all require.

Art. VP\

For this Purpose, his Britannick Majesty and their High

Mightinesse shall immediately fend One or Two Com-tniffaries to receive the said Body, muster it, administer to it the Oath of Fidelity, and conduct it into the States of the United Provinces, or to the allied Army, according as the Circumstances of the Times shall require.

Art. VIP.

His most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick IVol-fenbuttle reserves to himself the Disposal of all the Polls, without Exception, which may become vacant in this Body; the Administration of Justice remaining also reserved to him.

Art. VIIIth.

His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall cause the necessary requisitorial Letters to be dispatch for all the Marches of the said Troops; and shall always assign them, as much as can be, the most convenient and least difficult Routs.

Art. IXth.

His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall be at Liberty to have the said Body of Troops muf-7

teredeverv Yew, on the iftof the Month of April\ and his Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall not be obliged to pay for what shall be then wanting of the said Body; with a Reservation of the Absent on account of Iliness certified, or for other good Reasons, of which his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall be the Judges.

Art. Xth.

If, after the Campaign is ended, his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse find, that the Reason of War permits that these Troops, or a Part of them, return home in order to recruit those Troops, which shall pal's the Winter in the Country of his most Serene Highness shall not the less enjoy their Pay, and the Advantages which the National Troops of the States General of the United Provinces enjoy, in order to enable them to recruit at the End of each Campaign.

The Troops which shall remain during the Winter in Garrison in the Republick, or in the Countries subject to the Dominion of the Republick, or in the Law,

shall be treated in every thing, without Exception, as well Officers as Soldiers, as the National Troops of their High Mightinesse; the Whole at the Cods of his Majesty and of their High Mightinesse, according to the Proportion here above established.

Art. XP\

All the Recruits necessary for this Body being to be made in the hereditary Countries of his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick IV, it is agreed on both Sides, that, from the Signature of this Treaty, and henceforward, until its Expiration, any Deserter from the Troops of his Britannick Majesty, or of the Republick, or who are in the Pay ®f the one or the other of the Two aforesaid Powers, shall not be received into this Body; and likewise that any Deserter of the said Body shall not be received amongst; the Troops of his Britannick Majesty, nor of their High Mightinesse, or who are in the Pay of the one or of the other of the aforesaid Two Powers; but that they shall be faithfully restored on both Sides, excepting however all the Deserters who shall be found engaged, before the Date of this Treaty, in the Troops of the one or the other of the contracting Powers, which shall not be reclaimed on any account.

And, to the end that his most Serene Highness may keep this Body of Troops always in a complete State, his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse engage to pay for each Company, as well of Artillery as Infantry, 1,000 Florins Dutch Money.

Art. XIP\

The Losses sustained in the Field in Men and Horses belonging to the Field Artillery, in an Action with the Enemy, shall be made good at the Expence of his Britannick Majesty and of their High Mightinesse, each for the Troops which it pays, upon the most favourable Foot, whether of national or foreign Troops in the Service of his Britannick Majesty and of their High M ightinesses; with this Distinction, nevertheless, that if One of the said Regiments sustainsa Loss altogether extraordinary, either in a Battle, Attack, or Siege, or by an uncommon contagious Sickness, his Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall have all possible Regard thereto, and shall make good, in the most equitable manner, the Lois either of the Officer or of* the Soldier,

Art. XIII,fc.

His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinesse shall cause to be paid to his most Serene Highness Thirty Crowns current Money of H,under the Denomination of Inlisting-money for each Soldier clot lied and duly armed, comprehending therein the Drums and Bas Officers; which Payment shall be made at the Hague, in ready Money, by his Britannick Majesty, for one Half, and their High Mightinesse for the other Half; to wit. One Half of the Sum total, immediately after the Signa- . ture of the present Treaty, to the Person authorized lor that Purpose by his most Serene Highness; and the ether Half when the said Body of Troops shall be delivered to the Commissaries of his Britannick Majesty and of their High Mightinesse; on Condition, however, that Thirty Crowns shall be retained for each Soldier, who, without

Caule

'll Gfio. IL i6°Februarii. . 511

Cause of Illness, or other good Reafofi, at the Determi- due Quality and Quantity, m tha same manner as the Convention; nation of his Britannick Majesty and of their High Migh- Republick's own Troops. -, T with Duke of'

tinesses, shall be wanting of the said Body the Day that it Art. XVII Iu;. Brunswicfc.

shall pass Mutter in Presence of the aforesaid Commis- In the Towns and Garrisons convenient Places and faries; which Thirty Crowns shall nevertheless be paid Houses shall be assigned: always to these Troops, as far as soon as the Soldiers, who shall have been wand rig of as shall be found feasible for the Exercise of Divide Wor- the complete Number the Day of the Muster, shall be ship, as well as for their Hospital; but in case that the' produced afterwards to the aforesaid Commissaries. General, or the Commanders of the said Regiments*

Art. XIV*\ should find it necessary toput the Sick of the said Body

The Pay of the said Body, according as it is specified- into the Dutch Hospitals, they shall be received therein in the Lin mentioned in the lft and 3d Article, shall with the Approbation and Permission of the General, or commence from the Day that the said Troops shall begin of the Dutch Commanding Officer; and shall betreated their March, from the Dominions of his most Sereuc' therein upon the same Foot, and for the same Price, as the Highness, for the Frontiers of the Republick, or for the Sick of the Troops of the Republick; the Expences of allied Artpv; and shall be made regularly and readily,' the Overplus being at the Charge of his Britannick Ma-and without the lead Deduction, from Mumh to Month, jesty and of their High Mightihefle6, according to the and from Day to Day, the Months eomputed at 4a Days; 1 Proportion established fur the cafoai Expences of the and shall end the Day that the (aidrBody shall be pin mi War.

Motion, in ordenoreturn thither, which thill treat latift' Art. XIXth. '

jn Six Weeks, after that his Britannick Majesty and tl.iir' It shall depend on his Majesty and their

High Mightinefies (h.dl have declared that they have ftb*' High Migh tinesses to keep this Body of Troops in their more Occasion for it; excepting, however, that, for its Service all the time of the Dura1 ion of this Treaty, to'

Return and Transportation to the Countries of his fnoft employ it not only in the United Provinces and its Tef-^-Serene Highness, a Month and Halfs(the Month of 42 rkory/butialtu evtry-where that they may have Occasion Days) ordinary Subsistence (Kail be paid to it at the Colts for themexcepted always, that it be not against the au-of his Britannick Majesty for One Half, and of their gust Chief, or the States of the Empire in Italy, on board High Mightinefies for the other Half. the Fleet, or beyond Sea, unless it be in Great

Art. XV'\ r tain-,in which -Cafe (heir Pay shall be settled upon* the

The Extraordinaries specified in the Lift ahnexed to same Foot as that of the HcJJian Troops when they were this Treaty shall be paid from the Day that this Body last in Great Britain.

shall put itself in Motion towards the Frdntiers of the Art. XXth.

Republick, or to the allied Army, -until that when This Body shall not be (eparated, unless the Situation' thefeTroops shall enter into Winter Quarters in the Re- of the War, or Necessity, require it ;but shall remain al-publick.or in the Countries subject to the Dominion of ways, as much as possible, together, under the Orders of the Republick, or in the Low Countries, the Forage- the Gcneialof his most Serene Highness who shall corn-money for the Winter shall begin immediately instead of mand it; and, in that Cafe, it shall be concerted with the* the Waggon-money which is pai 1 during the Campaign, said General, on whom Ihe'Disposition shall depend, to Art. XVIth. give, instead of intire Battalions, the same Number in De-

His Britannick Majesty and their High Mightinefies tachments draughted from all the Regiments of this Body,

engage to pay to his most Serene Highness, (or a Body in order to throw them into Fortresses, and other Places. o( 4,800 Men, to commence from the Day of the Signa- A t. XXI'*.

ture of this Treaty, and to continue as long time as these When other Generals, of the same Rank as he who Troops shall be effectively in their Pay, an anuual Sub- commands this Body, shall lie called to a Council of War, fitly of 104" Banco Crowns; and for the-Time that they lie shall likewise be called to it; and, in general, he, and shall be longer in the Pay of his Britannick Majesty and all the Officers, Majors, and Subalterns, who shall be of their High Mightinefies; but that they shall be sent and under his Orders, shall lerve in the same Rank, and ac-return back at the Charge of the Finances of his most cording to the Date of their Brevets, with all the other Serene Highness: his Britannick Majesty and their High Generals and Officers of a like , as well of his Mightinefies shall augment! his Subsidy to as much as comes Britannick Majesty and of their High Mightinefies, as of to 166" Banco Crowns, valued at 53 Stivers current Mo- all the auxiliary Troops serving in the allied Army, ney of Holland, payable at the Hague-, for (ths, by The said Body shall be also placed in the Order of his Britannick Majesty; and, for-^ih, by their High Battle, and relatively to the other auxiliary Bodies, ac-Mightinefies: regularly, from Three Months to Three cording to the Rank which belongs to his most Serene

Months, the $th of the annual Sum to the Person au- Highness: A just Equality shall be likewise observed in thorized by his most Serene Highness for that Purpose. the Service of his Troops, which shall not be command-Art. XVIIth. ed for that Purpose but in proportion to their Number

The Bread and Forage shall be delivered for the Num- relatively to that of the other Troops serving in the al-' ber of Men and Horses actually present, which Number, lied Army, however, shall not exceed that of 120 Rations perBatta- Art. XXIId.

lion, supposing that the Battalion be 700 Men strong; This Treaty shall subsist in all its Extent during Three nor, with regard to the Officers of the Great Staff, and Years, to be computed from the Day-of the Signature: other, the Number set down in the Lift mentioned in Provided nevertheless, that his Britannick Majesty and* the 3d Article, and that of the Magazines which his Bri- their High Mightinefifes shall always have the Liberty to tannick Majesty and their High Mightinefies shall ered for fend back thcle Troops before the Expiration of Three these Troops; to wit. Three Portions of Bread, or Six Years, in paying, in that Cafe, the Subsidy upon the Foot Pounds, at the Prices of the Contract made; and each stipulated here above in the noth Article: And if, in the Ration of Forage in Winter Quarters, at the Rate of Six mean while, the one or the other same in question should Stivers, at the tame Price, and in the same Quantity, as present itself, which could not be foreseen, and which the States own Troops receive it; and in case that the consequently cannot be decided by this Treaty, it shall said Three Portions or Six Pounds ot Bread come to above be amicably agreed according to the Occurrences, and to Four Stivers Dutch Money, the Overplus shall not be mutual Satisfaction: but if, during the Course of these placed to the Account of the Troops of his most Serene Three Years, his most Serene Highness should be attack-Highness, but borne by his Britannick Majesty and their ed in his Dominions, or in imminent and manifest Dan-High Mightinefies, w: o charge themselves at the same ger of being lb, his Britannick Majesty and their High time tu treat them, with rcgaid to the necessary Carriages Mightinefies engage to lend him back readily the said lor the Bread and Forage, with respect to the Waggons Body of Troops, and Commissaries for the Bread and Forage, in good and

Vol. 25. 6 R Art.

Convtation with Duk4of fihmiWtck.

5*

166 FebruariL

A. 1747

Art* XXIII4.

The present Treaty shall be ratified as soon aipaffible, and the Ratifications shall be exchanged at the Hague.

Thus concluded, and signed by thd under-uftitteh, tie Minister Plenipotentiary erf his Majesty the Kihgof Great Britain, and the Deputies of their High Mightineflfes, authorised for this Purpose, 6n the One Part, and by the Minister Plenipotentiary of his trtoft Serene High-nest the Duke of BfhnfvUickWolfeubuttle, on the crthci*! Part. At the Hague, the 1 ft of February 1748*

Sandwich, (L. S.) N. de Doncken, (L. S.)

J. IV. Torek, (L. S.)

G. U. D. Honert, (L. S.)

J. Gilles,(L. S.)

J. V. BorJJelle, (L. S.) -

7- Van Utenkove, (L. S.)

7- V. S. V. Grovel ins, (L»S.)

C. Bentinck, (L. S.)

E. Tamminga, (L. S.)

Lift of the ordinary and extraordinary Subsistences for a Body of the Troops of confiding in-

a Company of Artillery, and Six Regiments each at 800 Men, making together 4 800, Heads, not comprehending the Great Staffs, with a proper Train of Artillery, and the General Staff.

Current Money of Holland, ORDINARIES. The mihtafy Month

General Staff. of 42 Days.

1 Lieutenant-General - - 560 ——

1 Major General - - - 1 fl8o —

2 Adjutants at 233 FI. 6. 8. - - 466 13 7

( Secretary - - - . - . 70 — —

1. Lieutenant Quarter^Master General - 233 6 8

i Major of Brigade - - * 314 —

1 Quarter-tnafter of the General Staff -

(Auditor - - - 210 — —

1 Chaplain - - * - - 87 10 —

j Waggon-master - - 140 — —

1 Proroft - - - - 84 ——

2 Two Servants at 21 FI.* - - 42 *-

1 Executioner of Justice - - - 42 — —

2 His Two Assistants - - - - 4a — -

33 Servants* at 14 Ft.

46a :*r

A j mi

' Total - 3,27! -16*

INFANTRY. Great Staff.

Current Money of

Military Month.

‘ *

4

li

1 Colonel - - - "

1 Lieutenant-Colonel 1 ‘ Major - * -

1 Quatrter-master of the Regithent '.

1 Audrtof - - -.

1 Chaplain - - *.

1.Adjutant -

1 SuTgfcon'Major . -' - -;

1 Waggon-milter (

( Clerk of *he, Muftdrs 1 Drum Major - -

6 Hautboys, at 17 Fl. 18.

1 Provost - - - * .

i Servant of the Provost - -

1 Servant for the Medicine Waggons -

Total of the Subsistences for the Great Staff

One Company of Infantry, j Captain, and his Servant

Lieutenant, and his Servant

Ehfigrt, and his Servant

2 Serjeants, it 24. 10. - -

3 inferior Officers, at *7. 10 - -

t Surgeon - *.

3. Corporals, at 15. 18. 4. -

2 Drums, at 12. 5. .

( Fife, at 11. j;* -

15 Cadets, at 16. 16. - -

64 Sokliefs, at li. 5. -

1 Soilicitor -

2 Servants for the Tents and Baggage,

at 12. 5. . - -

420 — — -

*4* ——

1 ra i - —

70 — — 48 14 4

45

56 -

i 06 2 a

25 -4 >-: 20 —

*0

04 8 6

*8.4- M-

*3 4 5

12 5 ~-

1,141 17 .3

*57 19; 7 53 4 — . 47 17

49.

32 io — 17 to —

47 *J 4

*4 10 —

" i —

25a —

7*4

12 5

24 10 —

Total

2,481 10 7 100 Heads.

Total -> 1,535#. 6 5

The Commissary of the Hospital is at the Charge of the military Chest.

Current Money of ARTILLERY. Military Month.

1 Captain Commandant - - -7__________

1 with his Servant - - - -j

1; - - - ‘I 86 i« -

I with his Servant - - - - j

1 Sub-Lieutenant, with - - -7 ,

I his Servant - - - j 3

x Ensign, and - - - - -1 g. ___

1 his Servant - - - - -J

X2 Bombardiers, comprehending therein the

inferior Officers, at 28 FI. - - 338 -

24 Cannoniers, at 21 FL -504 — - — 24 Sub-Cannoniers, at 14 Fl.- - 336 — —

1 Clerk - - - 21 ——

1 Surgeon- - - - - 35 ——

1 Waggon-master - - - - 49 — —

1 Under Waggon-master - - - 35 ——

1 Fire- master, and ... - __

1 his Mate - - - - ->

1 Farrier, with - - - - -> __

2 his Mates -J

1 Saddler, and his - - - -1 __

1 Mate - - - - -3 49

1 Servant for the Tents - - - 14 ——

66 Horses, at 14 Fl.*- - - 924 — —

Total of the Subsistences for One Company - 1,535 6 5

And more for 7 Companies of the fame

Force - -10,747 6 3

The Great Staff - - - 1,141 <7 3

For the Capt a Lieutenant - - 20 — —

Makes for a Regiment of Infantry - 13,444 10 y And for the Six Regiments - - 80,667 2 2

Current Money of Holland. EXTRAORDINARIES. Military Month.

General Staff.

1 Lieutenant-General - 700 — —

1 Major-General - - - - 350 — —

1 Secretary per Day, $ Fl. is. - - 2144 —

1 Lieutenant Quarter-master General - 126 ——

1 Major of Brigade, for the Campaign 1000 125 — — -

1 Quarter-master of the General Staff - 126 — -

1 Auditor per Day il Fl. - - - 504 - —

1 Chaplainper Year 600 Fl.- - - 70 — — 1 Physicianper Day 3 Fl.- - - 126 — —

1 Surgeon per Day 2. 2. - - 88 4 —

1 Waggon-master, at 3 Fl. - - - 126 — —

Total of the Extraordinaries for the General Staff - 2,555 8 —

ARTIL-

2i Geo. II.

i 6° Februarii.

5.23

ARTILLERY.

1 Forth*£«ptain Commandant/*r Day 4W. 168 -

1 Apothecary or Surgeon per Day if -1 Farrier, and - - - - -1

a Mates, per Day 4 Fl.- - - J

1 Fire-malter, and - - - -1

1 Mate, per Day 3 1 Mailer Saddler, and his 1 Mate, per Day 2 Fl.

1 Clerk, at

63 ——

168 ——

126 ——

84 ——

52 10 —

Total of Extraordinanes for the Artillery 661 Fl. 10 —

For the Waggons.

General Staff.

1 Lieutenant-General

1 Major-Genera) -

2 The Two Adjutants -

1 Secretary -

1 Lieutenant Quarter-mailer General 1 Major of Brigade.

1 Quarter-matter of the General Staff 1 Auditor -

1 Chaplain -

1 Physician -

1 Surgeon ..

1 Waggon-mailer -1 Provcrft and his Servants -

ARTILLERY. 1 Captain 1 Farrier -1 Fire-mailer i Mailer Saddler 1 Clerk -

Waggons. 10

5

2

1 Surgeon - - - - 3

1 Wdggon-mafttr - - - 3

1 Prcrvotl, with his Servants -

1 Executioner of Justice - - - - h

1 Captain of Artillery - - - - 3'

For a Regiment of infantry 1 - 50'

And consequently for Six Regiments - - 300

The Rations at Six Stivers.

The Payment of thete Ration* commenced from the Day that the Body is entered into Winter-Quarters, and ends when the Body takes the Field.

LIST of the Rations of Forage mentioned in the 3d Article of the Treaty.

General Staff. Rations a Day.

m

at 2 Fl. per Day. Waggons.

5 at 1 Fl.

For the Transportation of the Ammunitions, and other NecciTaries, 9 Waggons, at 4 Fl.

INFANTRY.

1 Colonel

t Lieutenant-Colonel 1 Major -

For the Great Staff - For each Company, One

Which makes for a Regiment

Waggons.

1

1

- 1

- 7

i2 at 2 Fl.

1 Lieutenant-General - - - - 3°

1 Major-General - - - 14

2 Aids de Camp - - *4

1 Secretary - - 12

I Lieutenant Quarter-matter General - - 10

1 Major of Brigade - - - 8

1 Quarter-mailer of the General Staff - 6

1 Auditor - - - - 4

1 Chaplain - - - - 4

1 Physician - - 4

1 Surgeon - - - - 4

1 Pire-maller - - - - 2

1 Mailer Saddler - - - 2

1 Provoll - - - -: - - - 4-

1 Executioner of Justice - - y i

1 Commissary at lVal* - - - 8

1 Clerk - - - - - 1

1 Com miliary of the Hospital - - - 6

1 Clerk - - - - 1

1 Commissary of Provisions - - - 4

1 Clerk - - - - t

ARTILLERY. I Captain - . 6

I Lieutenant - - - 3

1 Sub-Lieutenant - - - - 3

1 Ensign - - - - 3

l Surgeon - - - 1

66 Artillery Horses - m 66

INFANTRY.

Great Staff. Rations a t)

1 Colonel - - - - 10

t Lieutenant-Colonel - - - - 6

The extraordinarySubsistences and the Waggon-money begin from the Day that the said Body shall put itself in Motion, from the Country of , for the Fron-

tiers of the State, or for the Army; and shall end with the Day that the whole Body is entered into Winter-Quarters.

For the Campaign, under the Title of Advantages for recruiting and replacing the Loss sustained in the Campaign,

There shall be made good to the Artillery Company - - 1000 Fl.

And to each Company of Foot - - 1000 Fl.

1 Major ——

1 Quarter-mailer -

For the Waggon of the Regiment's Chest

1 Auditor -

1 Chaplain -

1 Adjutant -

1 Surgeon Major -

For the Medicine Waggon -1 Waggon-mailer ..

4

4

s

4

4

3

4 2 I

Extraordinaries during Winter-Quarters. 1 Lieutenant-General - -

1 Major-General - -

The Two Aids de Camp -

1 Secretary -

1 Lieutenant Quarter-mailer General 1 Major ot Brigade -1 Quarter-mailer of the General Staff -1 Auditor ——

Chaplain

Physician

Vol. 25.

per Day, Rations.

- 20

- 10

- 8

- 3

4

4

- 3

- 3

- 3

- 3

One Company. ---

Great Staff.

Rations a Day. 1 Captain ----- - 4

1 Lieutenant ----- - 3

1 Ensign ----- --2

For 3 Horses for the Baggage and Coverlets - 3

For Two Horses for the Tents 2

Total for a Company And for Six Ditto The Great Staff -

Total

- 14

- 84

- 44

- - 14a

- - '» Ml

AW*.

CoinfentHMi with E>bkt* BrwtMrick*

5 16° Februarli. A, 1747.

i.

the Staff shall not give, at the most, more than 1 Rations, gratis, the Regiment being obliged to pay for the Rations which it shall take above 120. As to the Officers of the Great Staff, and of the Artillery, the Rations of Forage, here above specified, shall be furnished them, provided they have io many Horses.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of 4,800 Foot, the Troops of his most Serene Highness the Duke of

IVolfenbuttle, taken into the Pay of Great Britain and the States General, from the 25th Day of March 1748, to the 24th Day of December following, both inclusive, being 475 Days.

i Holland Money, In 42 Days. Holland Money, For 275 Days.

The Pay of the General Officers - - - - . The Pay of the Six Regiments of Foot - - The Pay of the Officers and others belonging to the Train of Artillery - Guilders. St. D. 2,481 10 7. 80,667 2 2 3,271 16 — Guilders. St. D* 16,248 4 — f 528,177 10 3* 21,422 10 —

G. 86,420 9 1 565,848 4 4

Which Sum of 565,848 Guilders4 St.4 D.reduced into Sterling, at 1 o G. to St.to the Pound, is, 53,890 6 1

Levy-money for 3,372 Men, at 30 Crowns each, current Money of Holland, is 101,16b Crowns, at 50 Stivers to the Crown, makes G. 252,900, which reduced into Sterling, at 10 . 16 St. to the Pound, is - - - 23,416 13 4

77,300 19 5

One Moiety whereof is to be paid by Great Britain, amounting to ----- 38,653 9 8$

For the annual Subsidy of 104,000 Crowns, Bank Money, payable for these Troops, pursuant to Treaty, at 53 Stivers per Crown, is - 275,600

whereof to be paid by Great Britain - -- -- - 206,700

Which Three-fourths reduced into Sterling, at 10 G. 16 St. to the Pound, is - 19,138; 17 9

( Total - - £. 57,792 7 5i

Memorandum: No Estimate can be made at present for extraordinary Pay or Douceurs,

Forage, and Waggon- money, for the above Time.

War-Office, Feb. 16, 1747-8. H. Fox.

had so expended; and that, under these Expectations, the Petitioners took in Subscriptions, and applied great Part of the Money in Payment of the Debts they then owed, and supporting their Charities, whole Monies had been exhausted; and in Prospedtthat the Scheme would in Time prove beneficial to the Petitioners, they not only applied all the Rest of the Money they received by Subscriptions for Annuities, and about Eleven hundred Pounds more, which after that Time had been given or left to the Petitioners for charitable Purposes, but also borrowed other'great Sums to pay their Annuitants, and perform their several Charities; and which the Petitioners continued to do, till Michaelmas 1745: And that, notwithstanding the Petitioners, at different Times, reduced the Rate oft heir Annuities, yet this Undertaking, though well intended, by upwards of Forty Years Experience, has proved so detrimental to the Petitioners, that, at Michaelmas 1745, the Petitioners found themselves indebted to the said Charities, and to their other Creditors, in One hundred thousand Pounds and upwards; and that the Annuities the Petitioners are at presentliable to pay, amount to Seven thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds a Year, or thereabouts; and the Subscribers for Annuties in Expectancy, amount to upwards of Ten thousand Pounds a Year; and the whole Income of the Petitioners Estates does, at present, amount only to Four thousand One hundred Pounds a Year, or thereabouts, and confiding chiefly in Houses, in and about London, are liable to great Repairs, and are daily falling in their Rents: And that the Petitioners have hitherto contributed, equally with the City of London, to the repairing of the Royal Exchange, and paying Sir 'Thomas Gred/am's Lecturers and Charities; and that the fame, together with the Money expended in purchasing

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mercers A Petition of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Company. Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petiti-6ners lent to King Charles the First, and to the Parliament and City of London, in the troublesome Times of that Reign, several Sums, amounting to Ten thousand Pounds and upwards; and that, under the Will of Sir Thomas Gresham, the Petitioners, together with the City of , being Devisees of several Estates, for the Purpose ,of maintaining certain Lectures, and performing several Charities; and the Royal Exchange, and the Buildings belonging thereto, Part of the Estate of Sir Gresham, being

consumed by the great Fire in 1666; and King Charles the Second being desirous the same might be rebuilt in a more magnificent Manner, the Petitioners contributed equally with the City of London, in the purchasing of Ground for making the Exchange more commodious, and in rebuilding the fame; whereby, and by the Money advanced to the King and Parliament, the Petitioners not only expended several large Sums, which had been given them for charitable Purposes, but also contracted a considerable Debt: That, in 1698, Doctor Asheton made a Proposal to the Petitioners, to take in Subscriptions for the Granting of Annuities, at the Rate of Thirty Pounds per Centum, to the Widows of Clergymen and others, commencing from the Death of the Subscribers; which he then vesselented would be of publick Utility, and of great Advantage to the Petitioners; and which they accepted, in hopes they should thereby discharge their Debts, and replace the charitable Donations which they

Convention itfi Duke of Brunswkk. '

Note. The Undertaker of the Forage Magazines shall furnish 66 Rations to the Artillery Horses, but on paying for it; because the Staff pays 660 Florins a Month for the Maintenance of 10 Horses. The Undertaker shall furnish a Battalion 142 Rations, in case that this Quantity be necessaryfor the Num bet of effective Horses present at the Regiment; but

ii Geo. II. 160 Februarii. 525

chafing Ground, and rebuilding the Exchange, has so far exceeded the Income of his Estates, that his Trait is indebted to the Petitioners, for Principal and Interest, One hundred and Forty thousand Pounds, and upwards; and that the City of London, having, in 1693, been reduced to great Distresses, principally by Money lent to 'the King and Parliament in the troublesome Times, the Fire of London, and rebuilding the Exchange, obtained from

Parliament a Duty of Six Pence per Chaldron upon Coals for a Term of Years, which is near expiring; and that the Petitioners in a great measure owing their present unhappy Situation to the same Causes, and being unable to pay their Annuitants, who are for the most part the Widows of Clergymen, many of whom, the Petitioners fear, are, for want thereof, in a starving Condition; and the Petitioners having no other Fund than their Estates, as aforesaid, for Satisfying their Annuitants, Charities, and other Creditors, the Petitioners, therefore, in Justice to their Annuitants, Charities, and Creditors, presume to lay their same before the House; praying, That, in Compassion to the deplorable Condition of their Annuitants in present and in Expectancy, and their other Creditors, and that the said Charities may be replaced, the House will grant such Relief as they shall think (it.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-' (ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord , Mr. Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Smith, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Willes, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir William Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Hume, Sir Hugh Smith [oh, Mr.' Nugent, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Compton, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Conyers, Mr. -Jon, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Kinahon, Mr. Lord

Harley, Mr. Lockyer, Sir William Stanhope. Lord Dup-plin, Mr. M‘Leod, Mr. Hale, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grey, Mr. Potter, Mr. Lifer, Sir Sedley, Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Grove, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the City of London and the County of Middlejcxi and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come are to have Voices: And the Committee are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Strange's to enable James Stanley Esquire, commonly called Jx>rd

Name. Strange, cldert Son and Heir apparent of Edward Earl of Derby, and his Issue by Lucy his Wife (late Lucy Smith) to take and use the Surname of Smith, and bear the Arms of Smith and Heriz, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord hurst, Mr. Winninglon, Mr. Northey, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Grenvil/e, Mr. Hope If e Mr. Nugent, Mr. Tuck field, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. A I ar Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Metcalfe, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Plumer, Lord Harley, Mr. Dowde/ivell, Sir Charles Mr. Fonnereau, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Legh, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Boone, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Smith Mr. Walpole, Mr. Henley, Mr. Sir Richard

Wrottesley, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr.

nolds, Mr. Curzen, Sir Th Grey Eger ton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Grey, Sir John Turner, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Rye, Sir Charles Sedley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, EJex, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Army; Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mutiny and punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Pay-Dekrtion. ment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr.

Secretary at War and Mr. Thomas Gore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Abel Walter, of Wookeing, in the County

Vol. 2$.

of Surrey, Esquire, being offered to be pfefented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they mall think fit:: 1

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-' ting forth, That King Charles the Second, by his Indenture bearing Date the 23d Day of February, in the 24th Year of his Reign, made between his said Majesty, of the.' One Part; and the Right Honourable George Viscount Grdndifan, Hemy Howard, of Little Walden, in the County of Essex, Esquire, and Edward Villiers, of Richmond, in the County of Surrey, Esquire, of the other Part; did demile, grant, and to Farm-lett, unto the said George Viscount Grandison, Henry Howard, and Edward Villiers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all that his Manor of Wookeing, in the County of Surtey, with all* its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and also divers other Manors, Hundreds, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Liberties, Privileges, Rents, Fines, and Hereditaments, in the said Indenture particularly mentioned and defctibed,: to bold to the said George Viscount Grandison, Henry Howard, and Edward Villiers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Feast Day of St. Michael the Archangel next ensuing the Date of the said Indenture, for the Terra of One thousand Years, fully to be complete and ended, without any Rent, or any other Thing, to be paid, rendered, or done, for the fame, to the (hid King, his Heirs or Successors: and that the several Manors, Hundreds, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Hereditaments, and Premises, in the said Indenture granted and demiled for the said Term of One thousand Years, are, by several mesne Alignments, and other Assurances in the Law, come unto and vested in the Petitioner, for the Residue of the said Term; and that there are above Nine hundred Years to come, and unexpired, of the said Term; and that, in regard there is no Rent or Service reserved or made payable upon the Grant or Demifetnade by the said Indenture, the Reversion expectant on the Determination of the (laid Term is consequently of no real Value or Consideration; but that foraftnuch as the Reversion and Inheritance in Fee-simple, expectant on the said Term, doth belong to his Majesty, in Right of his Crown, the said Abel Walter has thereupon made his most humble Suit to his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought into Parliament to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of all and every the said Manors, Hundreds, Advowsons, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Pre-miles, granted and demised, by the said recited Indenture, to the Petitioner, in Fee-simple; and that his Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify his Consent thereto: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Lieu-' tenant-General Oglethorpe and Mr. Taajfe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, appointed Trustees, anaongst others, for putting in Execution 'I'wo several Acts of Parliament for repairing the Highways from the Stones End at White chapel Church in the County of to Shenfield, artd

other Places in the County of Essex, was presented to the House; and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend some of the Powers contained in the Bill depending in the House, for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Byrd Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete' an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford,

Bow, Btromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking, maybe greatly prejudicial to

6 S such

Walter't

Estate*.

Stratford

Water

Company.

516 16° Febrttarii. A. 1747.

such Part of the said Highway as leads through the Pa* riflies and Places aforesaid, and may endanger the Safety v of Pafletigers travelling thereon, should the same be grant-

ed to the Undertakers of the said Water-works, without Provisionroade for laying diem under certain Restrictions and Obligations touching the Exercise of such Powers over the said Highway, the Ordering and Repairing of which is by Law committed to the Care of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That a Clause or Clauses for that Purpose maybe infected in the said Bill, before it pafles into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the flud Bill is committed.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England Company, jjgjjg offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of -the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; letting forth, That the Trade to Africa is known and acknowledged to be highly beneficial to this Nation, as well on account of the many valuable Commodities which it naturally produces, as of the Supply of Negro Servants, fealooed to fudi Climates, with which it yearly fumilhes the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and that therefore former Parliaments have judged it necessary that the Forts and Settlements belonging to the Petitioners in Africa [hould be kept up, for the Protection and Benefit of all his Majesty's Subjects trading to , or interested in the Preservation of the same; and that the Petitioners having been at great Expence in erecting, enlarging, and maintaining, the said Forts and Settlements, former Parliament? have likewise granted sundry Sums of Money for better enabling the Petitioners to maintain and keep their said Forts and Settlements; but that the Petitioners have found by Experience, that such Aids have not proved sufficient for that Service; and that, according to the belt Information the Petitioners can procure, our most formidable Rivals in this beneficial Trade have granted such Privileges and Immunities, and established such large Funds, for the Support of their Forts and Settlements in Africa, and by that means have acquired such Influence and Power with the Natives, and such Advantages over the Petitioners, that it is become impracticable for the Petitioners to support and maintain their said Forts and Settlements, for the Protection and Benefit of all his Majesty's Subjects trading to, and interested in the Preservation of the Trade to, , without further Aid and Encouragement from Parliament: And therefore, in Consideration of the Premises, praying. That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and to enable them to keep up and maintain the said Forts and Settlements, for the Protection of all his Majesty's Subjects trading to the Coast of Africa; or to grant the Petitioners l'uch other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sail-cloth A Petition of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth 'Manufacture. jn that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of many others employed in the same Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, among the several Provisions, which, by divers Acts of Parliament, have, from time to time, been made for encouraging and extending the Manufacture of British Sailcloth, it is Enacted, That ao additional Duty of One Peny per Ell be laid upon all foreign-made Sails, or Sailcloth, imported into Great Britain by way of Merchandize, over and above all other Duties already chargeable thereon; and that, out of the Monies arising by the said additional Duty, there be allowed a Reward of Two Pence for every Ell of Fri/j^-made Sail-cloth or Canvas, ao

fit for, or made into Sails, which shall be exported by way of Merchandize; and that by a Clause in an Act, made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, reciting, that in many Ports of this Kingdom, from which BritfhS&d-doth is exported, there is not lo much Money' received, for the fiud additional Duty of One Peny per Ell, as is sufficient to pay the said Reward of Two Pence for every Ell of British-made Sail-cloth or Canvas export-

ed, as aforesaid, it is Enacted, That if the Collector of th?

Customs in any Port of this Kingdom shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the said additional Duty, to satisfy and pay such Reward as is or shall be due to any Exporter of British-ma.dc Sail-cloth or Sails, that then such Collector shall give to the Person intitled to such Reward, a Certificate, attested by the Comptroller, of what is due to such Person for such British Sailcloth or Sails so exported, certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs at London or Edinburgh respectively, that he hath not Money in his Hands, on the Branch aforesaid, sufficient to pay the same; which Certificate being produced to the said respective Commissioners, they are to caul'e the Monies thereby due to be paid in Three Months, by the respective Reoeivers-General or Cashiers of the Customs, out of such Monies as are or shall be in their Hands, arising by the said additional Duty of One Peny per Ell on Sail-cloth imported; and that the Amount of the Duty, on foreign-made Sail-cloth imported into England greatly exceeds the Amount of the Reward allowed on the Exportation of such Sailcloth as is manufactured there; and th&t very little or no foreign-made Sail-cloth or Sails is or are at this time imported into Scotland, for which Reason there is not any Fund in that Kingdom at present to pay the Reward which the Legislature intended to allow on the Exportation of British Sail-cloth from Scotland, as well as from England; and that although the Sail-cloth Manufacture in Scotland is now very considerable, and employs great Numbers of Poor, yet the same must inevitably decline, unlefe the Commissioners of the Customs at London are authorized to pay the same Reward to the Exporters in Scotland, as they are impowered to do by the last-recited Act with respect to the like Exportations from the Outports of England: And therefore pfaying the House to cake the Premises into Consideration; and that such Provision may be made for the Purposes before-mentioned, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Robert Lang, and Partners, Merchantsin Carrying

Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting Rock-Salt t* forth, That on the Western Coast of (the moll

populous Part of that Kingdom) great Quantities of Salt S are used in the Herring and other Fisheries, as well as for Home-Consumption; which Salt beingat present clandestinely run in from Ireland, to avoid paying the Duty, and the fame, by reason of its Mixture with Rock Salt, being not only preferable in Quality to what is made in Scotland, at the Salt-works along the Forth, but also cheaper, for the Reason before-mentioned, as well as others, the feme greatly discourages the erecting Salt-pans upon the said Western Coast, for making White Salt for the aforesaid Purposes; and that the Petitioners, notwithstanding these Difficulties, are willing to erect Salt-pans at Port provided Liberty was given them to bring Rock-Salt from

England, to be refined there, chargeable wi th the feme Duties as are now paid; and under such Restrictions and Regulations, for securing the Payment thereof, as shall be thought necessary: by which means not only his Majesty's Revenue will be increased, but great Advantages accrue to the Publick; but that, by the Laws now in being, Rock-Salt cannot be carried above Ten Miles Distance from the Pit:

And therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners Liberty of carrying Rock-Salt to Pat Glasgow, or such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall leera meet.

Ordered, That thefeid Petition do lie upon the Table.

The

21 Geo. II.

16° — 17* Februarii.

Cambric ks and French Lawns.

The House being moved. That several Clauset in the Act, made in the x 8th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawtos, might be readi

The same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the 18th 1 ear of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns: And that Sir William Yonge, Mr. Pturner, and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Infuraace An ingrafted Bill to prohibit Insurance on Ships bc-on French jonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with , was, according to Order, read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 16. After " Places," to insert '* in Ame-

Shipv

" ricoor:"

L. 18. To leave out the Words " or in Ame-

44 riea

L. *3. To leave out " Forty-nine," and insert " Fifty."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Tabic accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prohibit Assurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow, One of the Clock in the Afternoon.

Mercuriij 17* Februarii;

Anno 21* Georgii II4' Regis, 1747.

The House AFTER Divine Service, Mr. Speaker and the House anmdsDivine Walkcd from St. Church to the House.

Dr. Nichol* Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to thanked. the Reverend Doctor Samuel , for the Sermon by

him preiched this Day, before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster; and that he be dTired to print the same: And that Mr. Wand Mr. do acquaint him therewith.

Weymouth A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Bur-

WbaHa, tic. and Commonalty, of the Borough and Town of

Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, Time out of mind, have received certain Duties called Petty Customs, or Wharfage, upon the Importation and Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes into, and out of, the Harbour of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis aforesaid; and also certain other Duties there called Harbour Dues and Ballast Duty, which have been constantly under the Management of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and principal Burgesses, of the said Borough and Town, and by them applied towards repairing the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works there; and that by the Variation of Prices of many Species of Goods at different Periods of Time, or other Accidents, the Petitioners apprehend there is a great Disproportion in the Duties; and that on some Species of Goods they are too high, or far above the Proportion of others; and that, of late Years, many Persons have refused to pay the said Duties; and that the Petitioners, in order to support their Right to the fame, have brought several Action^ and obtained Verdicts for Damages; but that,

- Vol. 25.

527

notwithstanding such their Right was thereby established the great Expence they were put to in carrying on such Suits hath greatly lessened that Fund; and the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works, are in a ruinous Condition, and must be intirely destroyed, if not timely, prevented; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, jf the Duties were ascertained in better Proportion, and the Petitioners had Power to compel the Payment thereof in a summary Way, it would be sufficient to keep in Repair for the future what remains of their Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works; but that the Petitioners are advised That cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid; or to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. D, Sir Richard -tejley, Mr. West, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Bond, Mr. Yorke, Lord Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Mr.

Jan fen, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Hale, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Willes; and all the Members who fevre for the Counties of Dorset, Wilts, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the principal Heretors and Freeholders of the Shire of Argyll, on behalf of themselves, and the other Heretors ana Freeholders of the said Shire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in order to the equal Approportioning of the Land Tax, and the Railing and Levying of the same the more effectually within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, certain Quotas have Time immemorial been fixed and established both by Laws and Acts of Parliament, and constant uninterrupted Custom, to be paid out of each County; and, whether the Subsidy was higher or lower, the established Proportion has always been observed j and, to the End that the Quota put upon each Shire may be raised with Equality out of each Heretor's Lands, according to the Value of the same, Commissioners have, from tiiqe to time, been appointed before the Union, l'ome-times by the Privy-Council of Scotland, in consequence of a Remit from the Parliament, and in other Instances directly by the Parliament itself, in order, from proper Evidence, to establish a certain Value upon the Lands, which is called a Valuation, to be a Rule by which the Land Tax, and other public Burdens, were severally to be raised and levied from the same; and that by this Method all arbitrary Proceedings in the Commissioners, in making the Land Tax effectual, have in a great measure been prevented: That the Valuations within the several Shires serve not only for a Rule of levying and raising the Cess with Equality, but also are a Measure for determining the Qualification of a Freeholder to vote in an Election of a Member to serve in Parliament, as appears by the 21 ft Act, 3d Parliament, Charles arl. Anno 1681; and that, further, the several Valuations serve as a Rule for determining the Extent of Casualties payable to the Crown, as also to other Superiors; and is become still more necessary since the late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Ward-holding in Scotland, and for converting the same to Blanch and Feu Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Nonentry in certain Cafes, iSc. which passed into a Law in the last Session of the lad Parliament, whereby, inter , it is flatuted, in order to ascertain the Quantum of the Nonentry Duty, That, from and after the 25th Day of March 1748, in all Services upon the Brieve of Mortanceftry of any Heir or Heirs in the Lands and Heritages therein referred to, the Retour, over and above the setting forth

the

Argyll

Shire

Valuation.

528 170 Februarii. A. 1747.

the old and neyr Extent of the Lands, in such manner as hath been heretofore practised, shall further set forth and express the Valuation of such Lands and Heritages; and that there is not now-extant any old Valuation of the united County of Argyll and Tarbert; nor indeed any, excepting One, which was made and finished in 1688,immediately before the late happy Resolution, under the Di rest ion and Management of Officers appointed by the Crown in these Times, which were iniquitous, and when that County was obnoxious to the Government, which was unequal, never submitted to, and (o notoriously wrong and unjust, that, immediately after the happy Resolution, by the Act imputing the Land Tax 1690,

being the 6th Act of the ad Session, Parliament ift King William and Queen Mary, it is provided, that the Shire of Argyll should pay their Share of the Supply then imposed, and in Time coming, until there be a new Valuation, according as the said Shire did pay before the ..... 1684; providing always, that the Quotas of the respective Shires be continued and do remain without any Alteration: That since the said Statute, there never has been any new Valuation of the said united Shire; and that Commissioners, appointed by Parliament, have had Powers committed to them to rectify Valuations already made; but that the Power to re-value, before the Union of the Two Kingdoms, in the Cafes where Re-valuation was necessary, proceeded by Authority from Parliament, upon Application made for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into their Consideration; and give such Relief therein as the Circumstances require, and the House shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Vexatious The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Arr.-iti. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to revive Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fbl-loweth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill, Line ift, after " revive," insert " and make perpetual."

' The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lloyd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lord ships*.

Wotver- Mr. Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to hampton, whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, &c. Road*. Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of , in

the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, wholeNames are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Committee examined Mr. John Altree and Mr. George Hollyoak: Who severally said. That the Roads described in the Petition are in a very ruinous Condition, which greatly enhances the Price of Carriage from the Towns of Wolverhampton and Walsall:

That the Expence of Carriage of an Hundred Weight is Half a Crown more from Wolverhampton to London than from Birmingham to , though the Difference

in Distance is but Ten Miles:

That 'tis impossible for the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the Roads lead, to repair them by the ordinary Provisions made by Law for that Purpose.

Mr. Humphrey Pitt confirmed the aforesaid Evidence: And added. That the Statute-work had been constantly performed, and an additional Six Pence in the Pound laid out in the Repair of the said Roads; but that it was im-

possible to render the same safe and commodious for Carriages and Passengers without an Act of Parliament for that Purpose. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to brine in a Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton in

the Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called The and through Wood-end Lane to the Town of Walsall; and from Sneal's Green, through Peake-house Lane, to Walsall aforesaid; and from Walsall, through the Towns of linhall and Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet Lane, leading from Bilston, to the Town of Wolverhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to Bridge-north, in the County of Salop; and from Wolverhampthrough Tet-tenhall, to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, in the said County of Salop; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newport-, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield: And that Mr. Leveson Gower and Sir Richard Wrottesley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Atithony Andri and David Andre was Andre'* Nat. presented to the House, and read; praying, That I-eave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Wilson and Mr. Whitworth do prepare, and bring in, the feme-

A Petition of the charitable Corporation for Relief of Charitable industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums, upon Corporation. Pledges, at legal Interest, in General Court assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by virtue of a Chaiter from her late Majesty Queen Anne, and of Three Royal Licences since granted by his late and his present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized to raise a Fund of £.600,000 for the Purpose of lending Money upon Pledges; and that the Petitioners, in consequence thereof, having actually raised several Hundred thousand Pounds, by the way of Shares of Five Pounds each, they carried on for several Years the said Business; and always supplied Persons, who make Pledges to them, at a moderate Rate; and carefully preserved such Pledges, and faithfully restored them, or the Surplusses due on them, to the Borrowers, without Imposition; until, by a most infamous Confederacy between some of their Directors and Servants, the Petitioners were defrauded of near their whole Capital; but that, in regard those Frauds were committed by particular Persons, the Dealings of the Corporation with Borrowers were no-ways impeached thereby, as they had been always carried on with strict Justice and Fidelity towards them: And the Court of Committee of the said Corporation, in Conjunction with many of the most considerable Proprietors, having deliberately considered of Means for raising a new Fund, whereby to pursue the Purposes of their Charter, find it wholly impracticable so to do, by reason that near Thirty thousand of the Corporation Shares are veiled in Trustees, Executors, Administrators, Infants, and Lenders, before the nth of October 1731; and several Thousand other Shares belong to Proprietors known to be dead, who have either no legal Representatives, or such as will not vest themselves with their Shares; and that several Hundred more Shares stand in the Names of Persons who are not known, nor do appear, but are supposed to be dead; all which Executors, Trustees, or Mortgagees (according to the Opinion of the most eminent Counsel) would not be j unified, if they obeyed a Call for the Payment of Money; which is of itself a Consideration sufficient to repel every Attempt to re-establish the Corporation without the Assistance of the Legislature; and that the Petitioners, labouring under this Difficulty, and being advised there is no Course at Law whereby to extricate themselves, mud inevitably fink, unless this House will be pleated to interpose so far towards their Relief, as to give all Proprietors in this Corporation, and their legal Representatives, their Option either to conform with such a Call as to a General Court shall seem expedient, or take their full distributi/e

Sjiare

a i Geo. II. 52 a

Share of the present Effects, and release the Company of their Interest.and;Shares therein] which the Petitioners apprehend is such a Measuras will be a real Benefit to those Proprietors who chuse to be Defaulters; because unless a new Fund be raised, that Part of the old one which is left must be wailed in necessary Charges; and not only, so, but the Petitioners may lose many of their just Rights, for want of Ability to recover them; and that the Petitioners, in the Way of their Trade, have been found to be of general Ule to the Inhabitants of these Two jgreat Cities of London and; and,

as beinjj a Corporate Body, must be able to Tend upon far more reasonable Terms, and with greater Security tb the Borrowers, than private Lenders upon Pledge? tan, and consequently cannot fail ter prove a principal Remedy against the Oppressions and Frauds of such Persons and that the Petitioners are {till defirops to render themselves of more general Uf'e and Benefit to the Publick, there being no Institution of this Kind firbfifting, although it be greatly wanted; and that this Corporation, considered as such, had no Relief from the Lottery granted by Parliament, which was limited to Individuals, and from which the principal Proprietors, and thnfe who had the largest Number of Shares, Were excluded by the Conditions in the Ad: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to make such Calls upon the Proprietors of Shares in the said Corporation, towards carrying on the said Business, as a General Court shall find necessary; and that those, who do not comply therewith, may, by a Time to be limited for that Purpose, take their distributive Shares of the present Etfefts of the Company, and release the same ] or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Churchwardens and Vestri.es of the minder Defi- Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John in

cicocies of the City of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and the Lind-Tax, other Inhabitants of the said Parishes, was presented to ic* the Houser and read; setting forth. That, by virtue of

the Powers given by Parliament to the Commissioners for building a Bridge, cross the River Thames, from the City of (Vefiminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, One hundred and Thirty-or.e inhabited Houses, Warehouses, and Shops, besides habitable Houses not tenanted, have been pulled down, and laid waste, for opening the Avenues to the said Bridge, which haveoc-cafioned great Deficiencies in the Land Tax, Poor, and other Parochial Rates before assessed thereon; whereby a . large Parish Debt hath incurred, notwithstanding the very heavy annual Rates made for the Support of their Poor, tec.; and that, by an Account taken of the Losses fuf-tatned on this Occasion, from 1739, to Lady-day

1748, the same amount to the Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Six Pence Half-peny (over and above the Rates in Charge on the new F.reftions) whereof 859. 44. 4^ d. arose in the Three Years to Lady-day 1742, before any new Erections were in Charge, and 1,993. 11 s. 2 d, in the Sixfollowing Years, besides the Aidof/). 1,020. 8/

arising on new Erections within that time, towards the Sum of £.3,013. 14*. 1 the Amount of the Deficien-

cies of those Six Years which would otherwise have happened; and that the Petitioners presented a Memorial to the said Commissioners, representing these Losses, to which they annexed the particular Account thereof, and prayed Relief; but that the Commissioners alleged, That the Powers in their Commission did not extend to take the same into Consideration: And therefore the Petitioners, in Discharge of the Trusts reposed in them, pray the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and enable the said Commissioners to doiuch Justice therein as the Equity of the same of the Petitioners require*, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordntd.That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. VoL. *5.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Februarii

Anno 21° Georgii IP* Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon Poundage oa all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this ,°ned *&c. Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for repealing io much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacts, That Prize Goods and Merchandize may be exported, without paying any Duty of Custom or Exgife for the fame; without any Amendment.

Ar.d then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. fVilfon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Anthony Andre and David Andre: Nat.

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Bejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. Royal Aflenc Bellenden, Gentleman-Usherof the Black Rod: 10

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to Two publics Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacts. That Prize Goods and Merchandize may be exported, without paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the fame:

An Act to revive and make perpetual Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and the other, made in the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Act.

Sir MilesStapylton presented to the House, according to Faceby Order, a Bill for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the inclosi* common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Townshipof in Cleveland; in the North Riding of the County of;

and for providing certain Recompences to the Impropriators and Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Brookjbank and Sir Charles - Stratford daunt be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Water Cao-impowering George Mopfgomerie and Thomas Byrd Ef- P"Jr*

quires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, West ham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End,

Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing thw Property in such Undertaking, is committed.

T Ordered,

Naval

Courts

Martial,

Call of the House*

Bowes, &c» Road.

Leave of Absence.

Papers respcding the Revenue of the City of London.

Maney

Drainage

Buckingham

Assizes.

i8° — 19' — 22s Febmarii. A. 1747.

530

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service: And that the Lord Barrington, the Lord Baltimore, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Cornewall,

the Lord Duncannon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. , and Mr.

Clevland, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjoined till this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 190 die Februarii;

Anno at* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

MR. Lambton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to in the County of Durham', and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate \nBishop-Auc and from New-

gate along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge-, and from thence by Melderston Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the said County of Durham-,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and madefeveralAmendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he -ead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Wigley have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

The House being informed, That the Town-Clerk of the City of London attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ' House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Report made, by a Committee of Aldermen, to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, the 21st Day of July last, of the State of the Revenue belonging to the said City and Orphan's Fund.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fellowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Money, Upwell, Downham, Whichford, and Wentworth, and in a certain extraparochial Place called By all Fen, in the Isle Ely and County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for holding the Summer Assizes, for the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of Buckingham: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tll f v f Sir William Calvert, 0

Tellere for the Yeas, j Thomas Gore: i'U

T1I r t tvt f Sir Charles Mordaurit, 7..

Tellers for the Noes,> Mr

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning pext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order/ a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the feme was received.

Ordered, That Mr. West have t.eave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Mr. Conelly have Leave to go into the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna?) 220 die Februarii;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

ANTHONY Andre and David Andre took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

The House being informed. That Mr. Nottingham, from the Chamberlain of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Amount of the now Capital Debtdue to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, as it was settled and adjusted pursuant to the Act, passed in the 5th Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London: And also.

An Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Funds granted to the City of London, by an Act, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, passed in the 5th Year of King William and Queen Mary, to Midsummer 1747, distingv Uhing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Belchier reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Tradesmen and Shopkeepers within the Town and Borough of and the

several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Chris-Church, late Part of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Rotherhish, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame,

Supply.

Ways and Meant.

Army; Mutiny and Desertioa.

Leave of Absence.

Committee of Privileges.

Accounts respecting the Orphans Fund, fee*

Southwark Small Debts.

ii Geo. II. Februarii. 531

fame, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, as well «n behalf of themselves, as of all othen trading or inhabiting within the said Borough, Parishes, and Liberties, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Refolit-'. tions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Butler was examined: Who said, That he is well acquainted with the Borough of and

knows moit of the Inhabitants: That great Numbers of Tradesmen in the said Borough are, from the Nature of their respective Trades, under a Necessityof giving Credit to their Customers for small Sums, particularly to Journeymen and Labourers, who receive their Wages Weekly; and 'tisvery usual for such Persons to refute to pay the Debts they have so contracted; being satisfied, that the Expence the Creditor must incur, in Purluitof his Demands, will be a sufficient Discouragement to him not to commence a Suit in the Borough, or Marshal's Court, where the Costs, before he can proceed to Judgment, amounts to about £. 4. for.; and, for Judgment; by way of Default, to £. 3. for.

Mr. John Symonds, Salesman and Taylor, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Butleras to the Necessity which Tradesmen arc under of giving Credit to the poor Inhabitants: And added, That himlcit has been a great Sufferer by it, his Debtors fettinghim at Defiance: and that he is obliged frequently to (it down with the Loss of jo or zo Shillings, there being no Method ot recovering it

at a less Expence than Four or Five Pounds.

Mr. George Pollard, D.Hiller, confirmed the Evidence of the foregoing Witnesses in every Particular.

Mr. IVilllm Steward, being examined, laid, The Sixpence of a Suit in the Borough or Marshal's Court, for a small Debt, amounts to Four or Five Pounds, though such Debt may be recovered in the City of London tot Five Shillings.

And all the Witnesses agreed. That a more easy and (peedy Method for Tradesmen to recover their just Debts at a small Expence, would tend to the promoting Industry and useful Credit, and be equally advantageous to the Debtor and Creditor.

Upon the Evidence here dated, your Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Refo'vcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the several Par i flics of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Church, and St.

Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of , and the several Precincts and Liberties of the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Ch and St. Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surrey, and the several Preempts and Liberties of the same: And that Mr. Belchier and the Lord Baltimore do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill for repairing the Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham; and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland", and from Newgate along Gibb Chair, to G Bridge; and from thence by Melderston Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridin the said County of Durham -,was read the Third time.

VOL. *5.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L 5. Before " Receiver," to insert " Audi-. " for and the:"

L. 7. After being," to insert " the Steward " or Keeper of the Castle at Auckland for the Time being:' ,

Pr. 9. L. 34, Before " Receiver," to insert " Audifor and the :"

L. 38. After " being," to insert " and the " Steward or Keeper of the Castle at Auckland for the Time being."

And the same were, upon the Question severally pyt thereupon, agreed to by the House.; ..

And the Bill was amended at. the Table accordingly

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An API for repaying the High Boad from the-Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard-Castle, in the County of Durham-, and from thence, through Stain-drop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland -, and from: Newgate along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by Melderston Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton. do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of IVed-tlam, Bow, Stratford, and

Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitionershaving seen, by the Votes of this House, that a Bill has been received, and read a Second time, for impowering George Montgomerie Esquire, and other Persons therein named, to complete an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, Westham. Bozo, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking, and many of the Petitioners having already experienced the good Effects thereof, as it contributes to their daily Ule, and to their Safety from Fire, the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the said Work was complete, it would be Hill of greater and more publick Utility: And therefore praying the House, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Master have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Chester have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do not proceed upon any Petitions, now before them, complaining of undue Elections and Returns, after the Matter of the Petition of the Honourable James Carmichael Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Class or District of Burghs of LinlithgoLanerk, and

Peebles, is heard.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That this House will not hear, at the Bar of this House, during this Session of Parliament, the Matters of any Petitions complaining of undue Elections or Returns (that hive been already presented to this House) except the Matter of the Petition of Warwick Calmady Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Callington, in the county of ;

It passed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

x

Stratford Water Company.

Leave of Absence.

Ditto.

Linlithgow

&c.

Election.

Callington Elect on*

Supply*

53* 22° — 23 0 Februarii. — i° Mar tit. A. 1747*

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Expences incurred in Flanders, in North , and America, and

of other Services, in the Year 1747, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the -ijthof December 1716, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse Guards and Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, together with several incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Four thousand Eight hundred Foot, the Troops of his most Serene Highnefi the Puke of

taken into the Pay of Great Britain and the States General, from the 25th of March 1748, to the 24th of December following, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a subsidiary Convention between his Majesty and the States General, on the one Part; and the Duke of Brunswick , on the

othet; and Translation; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr» Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read; indMxln» Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 2 30 die Februarii y

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

The Clerk ri 'HE House being met, the Clerk at the Table in-House'ofthC formed the House, That Mr. Speaker was taken ill Mr. Si«a- suddenly last Night} and he continued so much out ker'» Illness. of Order, as not to be able conveniently to write: That Iv* had thereforedirested him to acquaint the House, That he was extremely concerned to find himselfthus disabled

to attend the Service of die House; and that he submit* it to the House to do as they shall think proper on this Occasion.

Whereupon it was moved, That the House would, adjourn till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning:

And thereupon the Clerk (to whom those who spoke addressed themselves, according to former Practice in the Able nee of the Speaker) by Direction of the House, put the Question for adjourning the House till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

And the House was accordingly adjourned till this Day Sevennight, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Martis, l* die Mart it;

Anno 119 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

THE House being met; and Mr. Speaker having taken the Chair, be returned his humble Thanks to the House for their kind Indulgence to him during his Indisposition.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of to

a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge; and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Britt el Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester-, and for repairing the Roads from to Birmingham aforesaid; That they do prepare, and bring in a Bill or Bills for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Robinftn Lytton have Leave to go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the insolvent Debtors in the County Gaol of Salop, whole Names are thereunder-written, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of their Distress: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty (which Report was, upon Monday the 2 2d Day of February last, ordered to be received the next Day) be now received.

Mr. Fane accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Fifty-three thousand Eight hundred Sixty-one Pounds Three Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General ana General Staff Officers, and Officers of the Hospitals, for his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-seven thousand Two hundred Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, upon account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura no! exceeding Three thousand Eigit hundred Eighty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Eight pence

Farthing,

Adjourn-

ment.

Mr. Speaker thank* the House.

Comrriitee!.

Birmingham,

See.

Hoads,

Leave of AbJeoce.

Debtors'

Petition.

Supply.

Supply*

Way* and Meant.

Well*

Election.

Callington

fcle&ioo.

ai Geo. II. iWA*

Farthing, be glinted; to his Majesty, for paying of Pen-lions to the of (u<,h.re<iuc«<l OiEcers^f au Majesty's Land Forces and Maniocs, as.died upontbeEfta-blishment of , Half-pay infy-pal and fyhi were

married to them before llui-ag^ £jay of December 1716, for the Year 174,8/

Resolved, Tlwt it is jhCj Opinipn of this Committee, That a Sum, not 9xt^t^pg-X^ree hqndred and Fifteen thoul'and Eight, hundred^Seventy-ha.Pounds Eight Shillings and Nine, Pence Three Fartbitjgs^Jpj&gWHed.to his Mujeffv, for dcfraying the extraordinaryExpences.of his Majesty's Linrf Fore's in FJa NcrJkJbiteif, and

Amerito, and of ot |wrServices ipcurfed in the-Year 4747, and qot provided tenrby Parliament,; ,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-fcyerv thfuGuuf Seven hundred Ninety-two Pounds Seven SJwUingi'aqclFuffc Pence Half-peny, be granted to this Miyclty.for decaying his Majesty's Proportion of the Charge ot maintaining Four thousand Eight hufldffd Poof, with rhc'Gcnpral Officers; and Train of Artil jery* thp Troops of fm tpbft Serene- Highness the Duke [Wpffeahnttle,

from the 2$th!Qay of Merck 1748*0 the 2.4*j> P*8t of December following, both iaclusive, taken ifvtu the - Service of his Majesty and the States General, together with his Majesty's Proportion of the Uubfidfj pqrfu^qtto Treaty. . ,(J ... 1,) _.

Resolved.TlW it is the Opinion tjiis Committee, That a Sum, nOt exceeding Eight thousand Eight hundred Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, out of the'Monies or Savings arising.from the Money granted by Parliament for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers vyho lave been killed or -died in the Service, for defraying the Charge of Allows ances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of HiU&Qyard? and Regiments of I lorfe, lately reduced, together with the incident Charges arising therefrom, for the Service of the Year 1748.

The said Reloiutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed to by the House.

Refo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order, mode upon Friday the 47th Day of November left. That the Matter of the several Petitions, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City of H ells, in the County of Somerset, be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 10th Day of this instant A forth, be Uncharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 8th Day of July next.

; , 1 .

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of Warwick Calmady Esquire, Complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

VOL. 2$.

Marti'u 533

Mercurii, 2° die Martii;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

PR A V HR S.

QRDERE D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- Derby Writ, rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of

Derby, in the room of the Honourable John Stanhope Kiquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted Uit Office of One of'tlje Commissioners Jor rxccuting the Olljce-oC Cord High Admiral of Great Britain.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington presented to the Languhh House, according toOrdeiy a Bill for inclosing; certain Inclosure, common Pasture Grounds within the Manors and Par ' rilbesi oi'hanguith and, Plefley, and the Hamlets of Stony

Houghton'and Shirbrook, in the said Parishes, in the Coup*

ty of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First time:

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Deerhurst reported from the Committee, to Lord Whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Strange's Act to enable James Stanley Esquire, commonly called Name. Lord Strange, eldest Son and Heir apparent of Edward Earl of Derby, and his Issue, by Lucy his Wife (late Lucy Smith) to take and use the Surname of Smith, and bear the Arms of Smith and Heriz, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Proby reported from the Committee, to whom gury g( the Petition of Edward isaac Jackfop, Alderman of the Edmund's Burgh o(Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Suffolk, and Poor and of the several other Persons, whole Names, are thereunto Streets* subscribed, being Burgessesand principal Inhabitants of the Burgh and Town of Bury St. Edmundaforesaid, on behalf cf themselves, and the Burgeftesand principal Inhabitants of the said Town and Burgh, was referred. That the Com- -mittee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report, in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. John Challis was examined: Who said, That the Number of Poor in the Burgh of Bury St. Edmund i9 greatly increased of late Years; and that Idleness and Debauchery perpetually gain Ground, for want of a sufficient Authority to compel the Poor to work, and a proper Place for their Reception and Employment.

And Mr. John Green informed the Committee, That the Streets and Highways in and about the said Town are very much out of Repair;. and that the Laws now in being are insufficient for the effectual Repair of the fame.

Ordered, That. Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting Work-houses for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury St. Edmund, in the County of Suffolk-, and for better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there: And that Mr. Proby, the Lord Strange, Mr. Felton Her and the Lord Petersham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. George Grenville, Examining Mr. Nor they, Mr. Houblon, Mr. Naff, Sir Roger Twif- Drugs, &c. den. Sir Peter Thomffon, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hume, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Tonfon, Mr. Owen, Mr. Barlow, Sir Edward Dering, Mr.

Fonnereau, Sir John Turner, Mr. Vyner, Mr. c,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Locke, Mr. Webb, Mr. Martin, Mr.

6 U Tor he.

Army; Mutiny and Dtfcrtion.

Andre's Nat.

Waller*

filiate*

Buckingham

Affices*

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto*

Ditto.

534 3b

Yorke, Lord Strange, Mr. Tempes, Lord Mr.

Frankland, Mr. Affleck, Sir James Sir John

Elwell, Mr. Lafctiles, Sir Cordell F Mr.

Mr. Powney, Sir Hugh Smi/hfon, Mr. be added

to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Periods, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Apothecaries of the City of London and Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and all other the regular Apothecaries of the said Cities and Suburbs thereof, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters j was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing Anthony Andriand David Andri, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilson, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sydenham,

Sir Richard fVrottesley, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fane, Mr. -by, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Williams, Lord Mr.

Mr. Sloper, Sir Wm. Courtenay, Mr. Mr. Child,

Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. IVilles, Sir Grant, Mr. Colle-

ton, Mr. Grenville, Admiral Townsend, Sir Charles Ke-tneys Tynte, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hay, Mr. George Selwyn, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Aflie, Mr. Seville, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Drake, Sir John Lord

John Murray, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Le-

vejon Gower, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Lord Parker, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Erie, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. fVinnington, Mr. Grey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Barbor, Lord Fere Beauclerk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manors of Wookeing, Chabhom, and Bagshot, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, to Abel Walter Esquire, and his Heirs: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunder written: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, whole Names ate thereunder written: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunder written: And also.

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, whose Names are thereunder written: And also,

Another Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham, whole Names are thereunder written}

Were severally presented to the House, and read} severally representing to the House, That, whereas a Bill is now depending in Parliament, to oblige the Judges to hold the Summer Assizes, for the County of Bucks, at the Town of Buckingham, the said Town lies in an extreme Corner of the County, and is, in every respect, a very inconvenient Place for holding the Assizes or Quarter-Sessions} and that holding them at so great a Distance from several Parts of the County would occasion a great deal of unnecessary Troubleand Expence, both to those who seek Justice, and to those who are to attend on the Administration of it: And further representing to the House, That upon a Repreferitation made by the County to Parliament, that the Town of Aylesbury was the most proper Place for the Assizes and Quarter-Sessions, an Act passed in the 10th Year of his present Ma-»7

Martii. A. 1747.

fifty's Reign, for the finiflring and completing a Goat and Shire-hall there; and that ft very great Sum of Monty has been expferidt^i thereupon, in hopes that the same wo&d be Ibf the general Advantage of the County; but that ‘Whenever the A ffi2es are held at Buckingham, the County has no Advantage thereby',

- and a mrther-Charge iS laid bpofi them, as well to re-rriove the PnfmcTth&v&Ayfesbury thither, as to set a Guard over them tffefC^ti' pfeVCht? their Bicape':

' ' And pttlyi^g, That a Uill, fi> contrary to the Intent of "the said'Ad,: arid so prejudicial to the general " Infereft'of the Chuhty, ‘may riot/pafe.

And the said PetitiCife' wefi^feVifraPiy^ordered to lie upon the Table, unffrtfit'lkidXrfill be'read a Second tittle.: - fit u

Ordered, That* the said !Bi]£be teid*# Second tffrte tipdn Mtkddf-Wtot'&ifcnttttC;: 'V;i

Ordered, That tlfe filllPBjll Ifepirrrited;'

inr.mizcz: Jo . i'll to -rvrr (;m€l , / i r

The KMkfbfWife' - r‘‘for the^lbtffe ti Supply,

refoflvU ihW ^a GUrn'frtliWC-'bf tlfe^hose House, to corifidCCftitlher dfttfe'k'Sdppfy1 gtAnted tf fiiSi Majesty |b ,0 RefUiied, TflAf this .'Hddle'Wi44, UnjWrTbis Day night,- rtfefVh itself Into the l&id'C&foSfUfce.

v* :o:. y>j ,1." /; /. .;

The other Order of tte fcfeyfetfwgiKfati

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whbie House, tb coflfidfet furthfer1 Of Ways arid Means and Meanfc for fkifing *the ^tfppiyjgfarited'tohfU:;

Mr. Speaker fest the iGhalri'! :;-: j '

Mr. Fane 'toolc'thb Chirr of thls/OOrtirtrittee.

Mr.Sti6ate&rtftlfnled the X5h:ai|,tf‘ v» ....

Mr. F^«crCporfe<Pftom the Cofftritit&e, That they had come to d Resolution; which they had directed him to report. When tffe-House wfllpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That1 the Report be received Tomorrow Morning. *-

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon-this Day Seveti-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconsider further-of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

- . - - _ vs!; L;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

*» 1. , . — — — a., — mm

Z* Jovis, 30 die Martii;

Anno 2i# Georgii II4* Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

MR. Vyner presented to the House, according to Hoit0!, Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing inclosure. Agreements for inclosing and exchanging Lands in Holton, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Brereton reported from the Committee, to whom Liverpool tile Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgefl'es, of the Church and Borough and Corporation of Liverpool, in the County Stretu>ic' of Lancaster, and of the Inhabitants and Parishioners thereof, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Cud Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared so them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Two Acts of Parliament, the One made in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the other in the First Year of his late Majesty were produced.

By

a i Geo. II.

3* Martu.

535

% the Firfk of the said Alb, the Town of Liverpool wras separated from the Parish of Walton, and made a distinlt Parish; and the Inhabitants thereof enabled to build and endow a Church.

- By the ot her of the said Alb, the Corporation of Liverpool was authorized to build and endow another Church or Chapel.

Francis Gildart Esquire. Town-Clerk of the said Borough, said, Thai Two Churches were built and endowed, in purl'uance of the Powers given by the aforesaid Alts j but that, by reason of the great Increase of Inhabitants in the said Town, since the passing of the last-rpentioned Alt, the said Churches are not sufficient to contain above One half of the People profefSng the Dodridb of the Church of England within the said Town.

And he produced an Act of Subscription, entered into by several Inhabitants of the said Town, for eroding of another Church, whereby Mr. John for himself and

Company, engages to give his Interest in a Piece of Ground which he holds for a Term of Years by Lease from the Corporation, for the Site of th&said intended Church; and several other Persons have,.by Subscription of their Names to the said Act, engaged to advance in the whole /*.a,338. 17*. towards building;a Church or Chapel on ;the said Piece of Ground. '

And the said Mr. Gildart informed' the Committee, That the Corporation of have conferred-Id give

their jevcrfionary Interest in the said Ground, in ode a Church (lioi'kl be buiit thereon.

And he further laid. That the Parishioners of the said Town, at a lata Meeting of Vestry agreed upon Rates to be coiicded for the Maintenance of publick Scavengers, and of a regular Watch throughout the said Town, and for enlightening the Streets with Lamps, but that there is no Power given, by the By-Laws dt the said Town, to levy and enforce the Payment of such Rates, a

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Church in the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlightening and clcanling the Streets in the said Town; and for keeping and maintaining a regular nightly Watch therein: And that Mr. Brereton, Mr. WHi turns, and Mr. do

prepare, and bting in, the (ante.

4ndr<'i Nat. Mr. Wilson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Anthony and David Andrl, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Lord

Strange1*

Name*

IHief of Orphans and

Creditor* of the City of London.

F*ceby

Indo(ure»

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled.

A Bill for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Township of by, in Cleveland, in the North-Riding of the County of York; and for providing certain Recompences to the Impropriators and Vicar of , in lieu of Tythes; was read a Second time.

ReJ'olveJ, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapyllon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Mr. Mellish, Sir

Charles Mordamt, Lord PercevaSir Nathanael Mr. hiifon, Mr. Great heed, Sir John , Mr.

West, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Gray, Sir Thomas Eger ton,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Richard , Mr. Hardingo, Mr. Harris, Mr. Hill, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Vyiter, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Lee, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Turner, Mr. h'inmngton, Mr. Harvey, Mr. lasckyer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Saville, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lambton, Lord Parker, Mr. Curzon, Mr.

Vol. 25.

Mr. Shnttleworlh, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Luke.-Ifobjnftm,.Mr.

Howard, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hervey, Mr., JVilkinJpn, M-T'

White, Mr. Bethel!, Mr. Proby, Mr.; and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham,

Cumberland, and Westmorland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Huntingdon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serverin. this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon, in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of KeUand Courtenay Esquire, defeated, t:

An ingr'fled Bill, from the Lards, intituled,.An Act to enable James Stanley' Esquire, commonly called Lord Strange, eld eft ;Son and Heir-apparent of Edward Earl of Derby, and his Issue by Lucy his Wife (late Lucy SmitMJ to take and ute the Surname of SwM, and beat the Anus of Smith and //mar, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill ilo:pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That thife House hath agreed: to the fame, without any Amendment.

1

A . Bill ..for the more effectual preventing clahddstine CUndestine Outlawries, was read a Second time. Outlawries.

Resolved That ^he Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

.of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, accord- Naral Court* ing to Order, a Bill for further regulating the Proceedings Martial, upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service: And the same was received.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Trea-fbnand Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and (brother Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit Assurance on Ships belonging to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the /present War with France, without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields, in the Hamlet of Bad-bur y, in the County of Wilts, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon N»«l Cants Courts Martial in the Sea Service, was read the First Manial* time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be road a Second time.

Tomorrow Seven-night.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Punishment of Treason in the High|*nd»

of Scotland.

Assurance of Ships, &c.

Badbury

lndofore.

Ordered, That the Order made upon bft, for

hearing, upon Tttefday next, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Warwick Calmady Esquire, complaining of an undue Eleltion and Return for the Borough of Callington, in the County of be

discharged.

Ordered,

Callingion

Election.

Ways and Means.

l <:JL

Call of the House.

Offices and Employments.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Paplfts'

Bflates.

Examining Drugs, &c.

5 S6

*> V#°- v>7

3 — 4 — 7

Martii.

A. 1747-

Ordered,'fhat 'the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon the 19th Day of

April next. . '

: Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it wtas referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which they had directed him to rfcport to the Hdule; which he read:'in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion, of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the-Sum of Four Shillingsimthe Pound, and no mortfvbe tailed in the Year 1748, upon Lands, Tenements;: Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and ,personaL Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, , and the Town of Eerwiclcupon 'Tweed', and that a proportidnable

Cess, according: to the Ninth Article of the;Treaty cf Union, be laid upon that Part of Gteai, Britain called Scotland.

-The said Resolution, being read a Second tixhev'iwas, upon the.jQuestioni put thereupon* agreed to: by>o the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ima! Boll,^pursuant to the said Resolution And that Mr. Famf.bAt. West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr . Campbell of Calder, Mr. George Grenville^SbJlr.\At~ torney-General, Mr. Sollicitor-General, knd Mr. Scropt, -do-prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read1; , . tJ

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

And then the House adjourned till To-m6rrdW Mqrning, Nine of the Clock.

Venerisy /f die Martii',

Anno ai# Georgii II4* Regis, 1747. -Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify Persons who have, omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time ' limited by Law; and for allowing further Tirqe for that Purpose: And that Mr. t FaneMr, Colleton, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

- Mr. Fane prefepted to the House, accordin'* to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1748: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees,'of Estates of Papists: And that Mr. Gray, and the Lord Gage, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Apothecaries within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Seven Miles thereof, bn

behalf of themselves, and all other the Apothecaries within that DistanCe, not free of the Society of Apothecaries of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; reciting some Allegations contained in a Petition presented to the House by several Apothecaries of the Cities of London and; and letting

forth, That these Petitioners, being sensible of the Truth of the said Allegations, and of the Mischiefs accruing therefrom to the Publick, and being conscious of their Integrity, in the faithful Discharge of the Duty of their Profession, and convinced of the Necessityof obliging others to the Observance thereof, arc very willing to be subjected

to such Regulation as the Wisdom of Parliament shall think conducive to the Publick Good: And therefore praying the House ro provide such Remedy in the Premises, as the Nature of the same shall appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Apothecaries of the Cities of London and be-

half of themselves, and a) bother the regular Apothecaries of the said Cities and: Suburbs thereof, is referred: And that they db examine the Matterof this Petit ion; and report ihb'fame, with their Opinion -thereupon, to the House.

r-t. !-

' A Bill*.for ptinishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for Army; the better Payment of the-'Army, and their Quarters; Mutiny and was read a: Second time. i. - . > 0: . D.fertwo.

Resolved,.-That the Bill be committed. ! . ,1

Refdlved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.: j - 7; ')

Resolved, That this House-will, uponTnfday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon; the said BiiL-.- - - *e./

'j/Jil.V - 1 HI - *r/J i*. t

Qjfereft, That the Report^ from the Committee, to Mcnxn whom the Petition of the Wardens- and Commonalty of Company.

of: Mercers of the City of London, was re-ihrrodjjbe received upon.Tuesday Morning next.

And then the'House adjourned till Monday Morry-, ^jng_next, Nine of ti^e Clock,

4 -S4

7 7. Lunce, j.° die Martii;

Anno 2 r Georgii ‘ IIdl Regis, 1747.

'M1

Pray*rs. -7

R. Fane presented to the House, according to Offices and Order, a Bill- to - indemnify 1 Persons who have >»">«.

‘ omitted 16 qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bittbe reiad a Second time. 1

The Lord Harry Powlet imported ftom the Committee, Hertford *to ‘whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are Bridge thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution An Act of Parliament, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign :of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hii! to the Town of Basingsloke', and also the Road from Hertford Britfge

Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odtham was referred; That

the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition Vand‘had:directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place ;:and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where th^ same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

the Aft of Parliament before-mentioned was produced, and, in part, read; whereby it appeared, that teveral Tolls and Duties were granted, and made payable, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; for repairing the said Roads.

' Then the Agent for Hie "Petitioners called Mri Frernris White, Treasurer to the Trustees; who laid; That, when that Aft palfed, the RoadswereinaruinousCondition; and the annual Income of the Tolls being not sufficient to put the same in to good Repair, the Trustees were obliged to ber-row the Sum of £.1,200 which, together with the Tolls, had been duly laid out in discharging the Interest of the said Sum, and in repairing and amending the said Roads.

1 Then he produced to the Committee, an Account of the Receipts and Disbursements of the Tolls; by which :t appeared, chat there is a Balance of 1 Sri due to the Treasurer, and said, That the said Sum of£.1,200 is dill due. and owing on the Credit of the said Act.

Mr. John Longlandlaid. That he is well acquainted with the Roads directed to be repaired; which, by means of the great

Holton

Inclosure.

Supply Bill: Land Tax.

Dry pool Inclosure.

21 Geo. II. 76 Mar

great Length thereof, and the great Number of heavy Carriages patting through the same, many Parts thereof are now in a ruinous Condition.

And both the Witnesses gave Evidence that the Materials for repairing the said Roads lie at so great a Distance, the same cannot be effectually amended, and so kept for the Accommodation of Travellers, and the Money lb borrowed be repaid, unless the Tolls and Powers are enlarged, and the fublilting Term be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hi.'/ to the Town of Baftngfloke; and also the Road from Hertford Bridge

llillaforesaid to the Town of O diltam, in the County of Southampton; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that the Lord Harry P and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for confirming and establishing Agreements for inclosing and exchanging Lands in in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more etteftual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Admiral Tt/ivnjhend', Sir Edmund Mr. Sir

John Cust, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. , Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Macworth, Admiral Mat Mr. Buller, Sir John

Barrington, Mr. Locke, Mr. Colonel Leighton,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Proby, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Mr. Fenton, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Owen, Mr. Mr. Northey, Mr. Bury, Sir Francis Da/hwood, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Bayn-tun. Lord Parker, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hardingc, Mr. , Mr. Plumer,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Drummond, Mr.

Townshend, Sir John Moiejziorth, Mr. Banks Hodgkinson, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Plumptree, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Ashe, Sir William and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Lincoln, Fork, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1748, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shires, and other Members of this House, do prepare Lifts, fairly written, of Commissioners Names for executing the said Act for the respective Counties, Cities, and Places, for which there have been used to be Commissioners; and that the Christian and Surnames of the said Commissioners be written at Length.

Mr. Barbor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing a large open common Pasture Ground, called Somergangs, otherwise Scmergams, in the Parish of Dry pool, in the County of York, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satis-fastion of the Committee, except the King's most excellent Majesty, who has tljc Inheritance in Fourdemefne or Hinted Commons, subject to a Lease for a Term of Years, made to Richard Crozvle Esquire, who hath consented; Mr. John St. Quint in, Mrs. Anne Munby, Mrs. Eleanor Lambert, Mr. Henry Popple, an Infant, whose Guardian is abroad beyond the Seas, Mr. PaulCanham, Mr. Thomas -

fan, rvtd Mrs. Margaret Mowld; which several Persons

Vo L.2 C.

have only Three free Commons, and One demesne or Hinted Common in the whole; and that the several Periods who have given th 'ir Consent to the said Bill are Proprietors of Nine free Commons, and sixty-five and an Half demesne or Hinted Commons; and that all the said Parties have been appfifed of the intended Inclosure; and that none of them have appeared before the said Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report tc the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and aftetwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groflcJ.

A Mettage from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs, and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be Ibid. and for laying out the Money anting thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords dettre thtf Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manors of Wookeing, Chabham, and Bagfhott, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, to Abel Walter, Esquire, and his Heirs, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General thorpe, Mr. Taajfe, Mr. Ky, Mr. Symomic, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Mr.

Lowndes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Mr. Lafcclles,

Mr. Laroche, Sir Kenrick Clayton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Clayton, Sir Charles Vernon, Sir Mr. Belchier,

General Onslow, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Earle, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Penton, Sir IVm. Codrington, Mr. Nafau, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Cornewall, Sir John Cufi, Lord Gage, Mr. Potter, Mr. Hume; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Surrey and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, That the Bill for inclosing certain common Pasture Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Languith and Plefey, and the Hamlets of Stony Houghton and Shirbrook, in the said Parishes, in the County of Derby, be now read a Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, give9 his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is'concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harrington, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Frankland, Mr. PittMr. Nugent, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Potter, Mr. Colleton, Sir Hugh Mr.

George Pitt, Mr. Barbor, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Har* vey, Mr. Bayntnn, Sir John Mr. Arundel/, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Fane, Mr.

6 X Shutllezvortk,

Earl Brooke* Estate.

Walter'1 Estate.

Languith

Inclosure.

53$

A. 11

Shttttleworth, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Fenton, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Phimer, Mr. George Mr. Finch, Lord DuppBn, Mr. Mr. Hale, Mr.

Walpole, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Sir Mr. Hales, Colonel Mostyn, Colonel Mr. Mellish, Mr. Brand, Mr. Hardin; and all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Derby and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the 11 th

County to Parliament, that* the Town of was

the most proper Place for the Assizes and Quarter-Sessions, an Act passed in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the finishing and completing a Goal and Shire-hall; and that a very great Sum of Money has been expended thereupon, in hopes that the same would have been for the general Advantage of the County; but that whenever the Assizes are held at Buckingham the County has no Advantage thereby, and a further Charge is laid upon them, as well to remove the Prisoners from Aylesbury thither, as to let a Guard over them there, to

Motion re- _ .

spefting Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, prevent their Elcape: And therefore praying, That a Bill,

County of- " v ----- -- -c A fr ----- ----- -----1 rr ----- - -c 1 L------ **-- l- a n. ----- ---1

files.

9

Ditto.

The Keeping of Assizes in good Towns, referred to " the Consideration of the Chancellor and Justices, &c." might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

A Motion being made, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Statute, made in the 11 th Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second; and to appoint a convenient Place for holding the Assizes in every County in England-,

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, made in the nth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Seventh, intituled, " The Names of the Cities and " Towns limited for the Keeping of Weights and Measures," as relates to the Names of Towns limited for the safe Custody of Weights and Measures, according to the King's Standard, for the Shires of Buckingham and Somerset, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the Question being put, That Leave be given

so contrary to the Intent of the said Act, and so prejudicial to the general Interestof the County, may not pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Linem's enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lingen, and the Name. Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Burton only, pursuant to the Will of Burton En-

quire, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Baekinglgm Reading of the Bill for holding the Summer Assizes, for Affile*, the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of

Buckingham

AUiaes.

to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Statute, made in the Buckingham; i ith Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second; A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of '* and to appoint a convenient Place for holding the Assizes *_}', whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented in every County in England-, to the House, and read; representing to the House, That

It passed in the Negative. though the Petitioners will be deprived of a Benefit

which they have enjoyed for a long Course of Years, if the A Petition of the Lord Lieutenant, the Nobility, Bill, now depending in the House, to fix the Summer Clergy, and of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of Assizes at Buckingham, should pass into a Law: yet

the County of Buckingham: And allb,

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth, That it hath been usual for a

they have hitherto declined making any Representation against it, being well allured that the private Interest of particular Persons and Places will never be regarded in a Matter of so publick a Nature; but that a threatening Message hath been lately sent to the Petitioners, in the considerable Number of Years together, in the Ad- Name of Bichard Grenville Esquire, desiring it might be ministration of Justice to his Majesty's Subjects, refid- made publick in thfe Town of Aylesbury, that if they pe-ing at the different Ends of the County of Buckingham, titioned against the said Bill, he could not only remove which is of great Length, to hold the Summer Assizes the Summer Assizes, but the Winter Assizes alfu, and at the County Town of Buckingham, and the Winter carry the Quarter-Sessions where he thought proper; but Assizes at Aylesbury-, and that this Regulation, which if the Petitioners would be contented to let Things run in hath by Experience appeared to be reasonable and the old Channel, he would put it out of the Power of the equitable, was broken in upon in the last Summer, Judges to remove the Assizes at any Time from Aylesbury, without any previous Application from any Part of and the Sessions should continue as at present: And these-the County for that Purpose, to the Knowledge of fore imploring the Protection of the Hobfe, and exprelT-the Petitioners: And therefore expressing the Hope ing the Hope of the Petitioners, that a Mark of Distihc-of the Petitioners, That the House will pass the Bill tion shall not be set on them, which, they apprehend, now depending before them, for fixing the Summer they have by no means deserved.

Assizes at Buckingham, as it will greatly tend to pre- Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

serve the Peace and Quiet of the County, and restore Then the said Bill was read a Second time,

the Course of Justice to its former Channel. . A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

And the said upon the Table

Petitions were severally ordered to lie

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the Chunty of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, whereas a Bill is now depending in Parliament, to oblige the Judges to hold the Summer Assizes, for the County of Buckingham, at the Town of Buckingham, the said Town lies in an extreme Corner of the County, and is, in every respect, a very inconvenient Place for holding the Assizes or Quarter-Sessions; and that holding them at so great

The Yeas went forth.

I Lord Baltimore, S'| Mr. Prowse,

s

150.

103.

Tellers for the Noes,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, - -

resolve itself into a Committee of the tfholer

a Distance from several Parts of the County would occa- House, upon the said Bill, lion a great deal of unnecessary Trouble and Expence,

both to those who seek Justice, and to those who are to at- Ordered, That Mh Whave Leave to make 9

tend upon the Administration of it: And further represent- Motion, it being near Eight of tire Clock.

ing to the House, That upon a Representation made by the And he moved the House accordingly: And,

16 A®

iiGeo. II. 7* — 8°

I*rl An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^lLute'* veiling the (titled liftate of the Right Honourable Francis tar! Brooke, in the County o(Southampton, in Truttecr, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 8° die Martii;

Anno 2i® Georgii II. Regis, 1747.

Praters.

A ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Anthony and il David Andre, was read the Third time.

Rcfdved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Andre and David

Andre.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Scnrhwark A Petition of several Tradesmen, Shopkeepers, and imtUDclik. Inhabitants, of the Parish of 67. Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well on behalf of themselves, as of all others trading or inhabiting within the said Parish, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in the Court of their Dealings, are under a Necessity of giving Credit to great Numbers of Persons for fmal! Sums, which, in the whole, amount to a great Sum of Money every Year; and that, tfiough several of these Debtors are well able to pay the Petitioners, yet they refuse frequently lb to do; presuming on the Discouragements which the Petitioners lie under, from the unavoidable Expence in suing for such Debts, and the Delays, even after Judgment: and that the giving Tradesmen an easy and speedy Method of recovering their just Debts, and at afmall Expence, will not only (as the Petitioners conceive) greatly tend to the Promoting of Industry, and the Support of useful Credit, but relieve poor Debtors, who are put to a great Expence, by their being sued at common Law; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of this House, That Leave is given that a Biy may be brought in, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newing-itn, St. Mary Magdalen B and St. Mary at Rot her hit k, in the said County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame: And, in regard the said Parish of St. Mary Lambeth joins to the Borough and Parishes of St. Mary at Newington and Church before-mentioned, therefore praying. That the said

| Parish of St. Mary Lambeth may be included in the Bill

intended to be brought in for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts, within the Borough of

wark, and the several other Parishes before-mentioned; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are directed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the fcvehil Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Alag-dalen Bermondsey, Christ-Churchand St. Mary at

hi/h,in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame, That they do include the Parish of St. Mary Lambeth, in the said County of Surrey, in the said Bill.

Vi*4cr>®* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name, enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lingtn, and the Vox.. 25.

Martii. 53?

Heirs Male of his-Body,-to take and ufethe Surname of Burton only, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Burton Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Harvey reported from the Committee to' whom Stratford . the Bill for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Water Com Byrd Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Under-taking for fu mi thing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, WBow, Bromleyt

AJile-End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent,

with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking; was committed; and to whom the.

Petition of the Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, appointed Trustees, amongst others, for putting in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for repair-, ing the Highways from the Stones End at Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and other.

Places in the County of EJJ'ex, was referred; that the.

Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through, the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto;, which they had directed him to report to the House j, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments wereonce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bilk

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Taxes do lay be- Collision tt fore this House a Copy of the Report made by them to Duties on the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, relating to Routes, fee. the Difficulties and Obstructions which have attended the Collection of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Rule* for Majesty's Command, Rules and Articles for the better Governing Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, tfae and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland,

Dominions beyond the Seas, and foreign Parts; for the Year 1748.

And the Title of the Book, containing the said Rules and Articles, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book do lie upon the Table; to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Book is bound up with the other Papers o( this Session.

Ordered, That all the Members Who serve for the Weymouth Counties of Southampton and Devon be added to the Com- Wharf*, &e. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen,

Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, is referred.

The Lord Strange, according to Order, reported from Mercet* the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Wardens Company and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, was referred, That the Committee bad examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read, and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

It was, on behalf of the Petitioners, alleged, That the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, mentioned in the First Paragraph of the Petition, was composed of Five several Sums, and lent or advanced at different Times, vik.

£. 3,250 lent to King Charles in 1640 — £6,500 lent to the Parliament in 1642 — £88 upon Account of Arms deliverer!

540

8° Martii. A. 1747*

Mercers

Company.

livered to the Parliament in 1641 — £.71 13 4, upon Account of Arms delivered to the City in 1643 — and £. 3,250 lent to the City in the same Year.

And, in order to prove the lending the said 3*250 to the King, and to shew that the Company was not able to advance the fame, without making use of Part of their Money Donations,

An Original Repertory was produced, and proved, by Mr. Crumpe, Clerk of the Company; out of which the

following Entry was read:

" General Court, the 9th of 1640.

" A Letter from the Right Honourable the Lord " Mayor of the City, of the 3d of this instant " to the Mailer and Wardens of this Company, being " now read, together with the Copies of Two other Letters, the one from the King's Majesty to his Lordship,

the Aldermen, and Commonalty of this City, bearing " Date the 6th and 20th of September last; and the other also directed unto them from the greatest Number of uthe Peers of this Kingdom, of the 25th of the same " Month, it was now unanimously agreed and resolved,

That the Sum of £. 3,250 shall be forthwith provided w and paid towards furnishing of 50,000 for the Sup-* ply of his Majesty's present and important Occasions,

" upon the Security of Ten Lords, that have offered " themselves to be bound for the fame, and the Engagements Of the rest of the Peers by their said Letter, provided that the Lord Mayor do write a new Letter to " the Mailer and Wardens of the Company, in such " Form as was conceived and approved by the last Af-0 ferhibfy of his Lordship, the Aldermen, Common-counciLmen, and other Citizens, about this Affair: And " it was now also agreed. That what Monies shall be paid out of the Stock of the Hall (being of the Gift of good " Benefactors) shall, in case of any Loss, be reimbursed " by the particular Members of the Company, to be le-" vied by Poll *, and that what Money shall be wanting " towards this Payment shall be taken up upon the Company's Seal: And it was now referred to the Court of Assistants to take Order for the raising the said Sum of " £ 3»25°> 38 they, in their Discretions, shall think fitting. And whereas it hath been agreed, That the " Bond for the said Monies shall be taken in the Name " of the Six Trustees, the Worshipful Francis,

" Master of the Company, was now nominated and de- signed to be the Trustee for the Company in that Behalf.

" It was ordered, That all Monies whatsoever that arc " due to the Company, shall be called in, and the Clerk was enjoined to write to Mr. Humphrey , late Renter Warden, to bring in some of the Monies resting in his Hands, upon the Foot of his Accounts, towards the Payment of the Loan Money to his Majesty."

And further to prove the said Money advanced,

The said Mr. Crumpe produced and proved a Book intituled, " Second Warden's fair Book, for the Year ending at Midsummer 1641," whereby it appeared the said Sum of £. 3,250 was accordingly advanced.

And the Agent for the Company admitted. That between the Time of advancing the Money, and the Year 1659, several Sums had been paid towards discharging the said Debt, so that in the said Year 1659, the said Sum was reduced to*f. 2,193 15.

'And to shew that the said Sum of ^.2,193 15 still remains unpaid, the Warden's fair Books for the several Years 1666, 1667, and 1713-14, were produced and proved by Mr. Crumpe} by which it appears, That the said Sum of £. 2,193 15 had continued to be brought forward, and charged amongst the sperate Debts of the said Company: And the said Mr. being further examined, said, no other Payments appeared to be made at any time in Discharge of the said Sum, and that the same still continues to be inserted amongst the sperate Debts.

And to prove the lending of the said Sum of 6,500 to the Parliament^ the said Mr. Crumpe produced and proved to your Committee a Book, intituled, " The " Repertory for the Year 16411" out of which the following Entry was read:

At a General Court, the 9th of Anno 1642. A Precept from the Right Honourable the Lord * Mayor of this City, was now read; whereby the * Master and Wardens of the Company are desired to take effectual Course that the Sum of£. 6,500 be raised " towards the Relief and Preservation of the Kingdom of " Ireland, and speedy Supply of the great and urgent

" Necessities of this Kingdom, upon such Security as is " offered by the Ordinance made in Parliament in that " Behalf: And the Court now consents that the said Sum shall be forthwith furnished towards the Use aforesaid, by the particular Members of the Company, what each " of them will lend upon the Hall Seal, to be re-paid in " a Year with Intereti, after the Rate of £.8 per Cent: And the Aldermen and the Three younger Wardens, " and divers of the Assistants, Livery, and Generality " here present, under-writ what each of them will lend " for the Purpose, and upon the Conditions, afore-mentioned: And the Master and Wardens were desired to summon the rest of the Company, that were now absent, before themselves and Mr. Cropley, and to deal " with them what they will severally lend for the Uie, " and upon the Conditions, afore-mentioned; and what " shall be wanting to be lent by the Brethren of the Company of the Sum proposed of £. 6,500, it was now " ordered, shall be taken up upon the Company's Seal " towards the full furnishing of the fame."

And a Receipt for the said £. 6,500 was also produced; and the same is as follows:

" Received the 23 Day of July 1642, of the Master " and Wardens of the Company of Mercers,

the Sum of Six thousand and Five hundred Pounds of " lawful Money of Englandby the said Company lent " and furnished towards the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, promised on Friday the 3d Day of June " 1642, at a General Assembly of all the Livery of the " several Companies of the said City, to be lent by the " Citizens of London, for One Year, for and towards the " Relief and Preservation of the Realm of Ireland, and to " be paid again to the said Company, to the Use of every " several Lender thereof, out of the First and next Monics to be granted by Parliament, with Consideration " for Forbearance thereof, after the Rate 8 per Cent. " for a Year, until the same shall be re-paid them again, " according to an Ordinance of both Houses of Parliament, of the 4th Day of June 164 2, and an Order of t he " Commons House of Parliament of the 8th of 1642,1 say received the Sum of £. 6,500,

" Per me, Edm. Cl.

" Roberti , Camerar.

" Civ". ."

In erder to ascertain what the Company had received, and what remained unpaid, of the said Sum, the following Entry in the Second Warden's Book for the Year ending at Midsummer 1645 (produced, and proved, by Mr. Crumpe) was read; viz.

" Received £.465 16 8 of John Stone Esquire, and " other the Trustees for the Lands in Ireland, allotted to " the several Companies of London, for the Adventure ct of,£. 10,000 by them lent in 1642, for the Relief of " Ireland, £dc.and of the Company's equal Dividend of " £.6,666 13 4, which the said Trustees received of " Edward Carey Esquire, for the Purchase of the said " Lot."

But the said Agent for the Company observed. That, as the said Land was accepted by the several Companies as a Satisfaction for £. 10,000, the Mercers Company's Proportion ought to be calculated on the said £. 10,000, although the Land did not produce so much; and in such Case, the Proportion of the said Company must be £. 698 15, which being deducted out of the said £.6,500, there still remained due to the Company the Sum of £. 5,801 5-

And to prove the Contracting of the Debts of 88 and £ 71 13 4.

A Paper was produced to your Committee, and proved by Mr. Crumpe, to have been found among the Papers of

the

2i Geo. It 8° Mar til 541

the fai<l Company; which lets forth, That, by virtue of an Order of the Committee of Safety, authorizing James Bunce Alderman, Colonel Langh, and Captain or any Two of them, to receive and value all such Arms as should be brought in from the several Companies and Wards of London, they did acknowledge to have received of the Company of Mercers upon the 3d of 1642, several Arms, valued at £.83. Signed, James Bunce, and Peter Cannon, Purveyor^-General.

AnotherPa|>er was also produced in like manner, intituled, " An Inventory of such Anns of the Company of Mercers, London, as were delivered for the Service of the City of London, the 5th of May 1643:" wherein, after a List of such Arms is let forth, the following Receipt appears; " Received the D.iy and Year abovewritten of the Company of Mercers, London, the particular Arms above-mentioned, to be rellnred, according to Act of Common-Council of this City, made the (( last Mouth, and which were valued in the whole at

C7* 13 4-

" Signed,

" William Thompson.

" Chrifiopha ."

And, in order to prove the Lending of the said £.3,250 to the City of London,

A B«>nd, under the Common Seal of the said City, was produc'd, and provtd, by Mr. , to be found

amo tgft the C mi pany's Books and Papers, dated tft tober 1643, whereby the Mayor and Commonalty, and C tizens of the City of Londonbound themselves in the P :u!ty of £.5.000 to pay the Warden and Commonalty o the M\fiery of Mercers, the Sum of£.3,380 on the 81I1 Day of April then next eniuing.

And, in order to shew the Occasion of the Company's lending the City the said £.3,250,

The C mpany's Repertory of 1642-43 was produced, and proved, by Mr. Crumpe, out of which the following Entry was read:

26th August 1643. At a General Court of die " Company.

" A Letter from the Lord Mayor, of the 1 ith instant,

concerning the railing and lending the Sum of £.3,250 44 towards the Sum of £.50,000, to be employed for the?

" Safety and Defence of this City, upon the City's Seal,

for Six Months, at £.8 per Cent, being then read;

" It was agreed. That £.3,250 should be provided

and taken up upon the Company's Seal, and paid to * the Treasurers for Plate and Money at upon

" the City's Seal and Terms afore-mentioned."

The Agent for the Petitioners then produced to your Committee the Warden's fair Book of 1644-45; whereby it appeared. That the said Company, on the 22d of April 1645, received of the Chamber of , by the Commissioners of Excise, in Part of the said £.3,250, the Sum of £.1,083 6 8, which being deducted out of the said Sum of £.3,250, reduced the said Debt to the Sum of £.2,t66 13 4, which Debt of £.2,166 13 4 appears by the Books continually to be charged amongst thefperate Debts, down to Michaelmas 1745.

And it also appears by the said Books, That the said Sums of £.83 and £.71 13 4 have also continued to be charged amongst the sperate Debts, from the Time of con-trading the same to the Year 1745.

That the said several Sums of £.2,193 15»jC-5»8°i J* £.88, £.71 13 4, and £.2,166 13 4, amount together to the Sum of £.10,321 6 8.

And, as the Sum 0^.3,250, lent to the King, and the £.6,500 lent to the Parliament, appeared to be rdpeftively lent upon a Contract to pay interest;

Mr. William Cavene was examined, and produced to your Committee Calculations of the Interest upon each of the said Sums up to Michaelmas 1 745, which, he said, he had made upon simple Interest, and believed to be true: And the same are added to this Report, by way of Appendix, N° 1 and 2.

Vox.25.

And by the Calculation it appears,

That the Principal and Interest of £. the slid Sum of £.3,250 amounted, at Michaelmas 1745,10 - - 13,736 — 1

And the Principal and Interest uport the said Sum of £.5,801 5 o to the same Time, amounts to - - 41,177 11

And the Agent for the Petitioners alleged. That in regard the City had, in the Year 1693, a Provision made by the Orphans Act for the Payment of £.4 per Cent. Interest upon their Bond Debts, they ought be considered as Trustees for the Mercers Company, and answerable and chargeable with £.4 per Cent, upon the said Sum of £2,166 13 4, from the Year 1655, being the Year from which the City were allowed by the said Act to charge Interest for their Bond Debts.

And Mr. William Cawne being again examined, produced the Calculations of the Interest due upon the said Sum of £.2,166 13 4, at £.4 pa Cent, from the Year 1655, to Christmas 1747; and the Principal and Interest to that Time amounts unto the Sum of £.10,137 10 2» which Calculation is annexed in the Appendix N*3.

In order to support the Second Allegation of the said Petition,

Mr. Pet a Edwards, the proper Officer from the Pre-

rogative Court of the Archbishop of Cantabury, attended with the Record of the Will of Sir Thomas of

the City of London, Knight, bearing Date the 5th Day of

July 1575; of which a printed Copy is annexed in the Appendix N# 4.

And in further Proof of the Title of the Company to One Moiety of the Royal Exchange and Premises, deviled under the said Will, the Agent for the Company produced an Exemplification ofan Act of Parliament, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled, An Act for establishing an Agreement between Sir Henry Neville Knight, and Dame Anne Gresham Widow* for performing the Will of the said Testator, and for Payment of his Debts; whereby it was enacted, amongst other Things, That the Royal Exchange, and all Pawns, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel thereof, should be to the Use of the said Dame Anne, for Life; and, after her Decease, to the Use of the said City and Company, and their respective Successors, in Moieties, for ever, to the Uses of the said Testator's Will limited and appointed.

It appeared by the Company's Books, That the City and Company came into the Possession of those Estates, in the Year 1596, and that, from that Time, all the Affairs of the Trustof Sir Thomas Gresham have been managed by a Committee of Four Aldermen and Eight Commoners, on behalf of the City, and by the Master and Wardens for the Time being, and Eight others, generally of the Court of Assistants, on behalf of the Company.

And by the said Books it also appeared. That in the Year 1666, when the great Fire happened, the Ballance of Cash in the Company's Hands, belonging to the said Trust, was only £.234 8 2}.

Then, in order to prove that the Company contributed equally with the City of London in the rebuilding the Royal Exchange, after the Fire, the Book called The

Gresham Repertory, was produced, and proved, by Mr. Crumpe, and the following Resolutions read;

" At the Court of Committee of the City and Company, holden at Gresham College, the tft of " February 1666.

" The Committee considering how necessary it is, as well for the general Encouragement of all the Citizens, " as also for the Profit it will bring to the City and Company, and their Tenants, to hasten with all Speed the " Building of the Royal Exchange 5 they therefore impowered the Sub-Committee before chosen, and such " others of this Committee as shall please to come, to meet " every Monday Morning, at Eight of the Clock, toconfult about that important Matter, to treat with Artificers " and Workmen, to consider how and where to procure

6 Y " lit

Mercer*

Company.

Mercers

Company.

54a 80 Martti. J. 1747.

fit Materials, and what also may concern tlje carrying " qn that Work, and to report what they find necessary to " be done to the joint Committee, which the Lord Mayor is desired to call together when Occasion shall require."

" At a Sub-Committee of the City and Company,

" at Grejliam College, the nth February 1666.

" In regard some Persons have appeared before this " Committee, in order to the Undertaking of the build ing the Royal Exchange; and some Debate having been " thereupon, and the Matter being referred to be considered of between this and Monday next, and the " Committee judging it necessary to come to a quick " Result about this Affair, as well for the Encouragement " of others, as that the Season of the Year may not be loft: Ordered, That the Right honourable the Lord " Mayor be desired forthwith to call the Grand Committee together, to resolve what is to be done for speedy " raising of Money; the only Engine that can give vigorous Motion to that great and needful Work."

" At a joint Committee of the City and Company,

" at Gresham College, 15th February 1666.

" Ordered, The Sub-Committee, with the City Surveyors, Mr. Mills and Mr. be desired forth-

« with to review the Ruins of the Royal; and

" to give Orders for the present doing all necessary Mat-* ters, as the Removing of the Rubbish, cleansing of the " Arches, taking down the defective Brick-work, and " whatsoever may be preparatory to the Building; and " further they are desired to view the Foundations of the <* late contiguous Buildings at the East and West Ends " of the Exchange; and to give an Estimate how much Ground will be needful to make convenient Streets at ‘-' both the said Ends, that so the Officers may inquire whose the Properties are, which they are enjoined to do, to tire end this Committee may be so prepared, that " if it shall be thought necessary to make such Streets,

" that then they may proceed to treat with the Owners ¥ of the said Ground."

" At a Sub-Committee of the City and Company,

" at Gresham College, 25th 1666.

v " Ordered, That the next joint Committee of the City " and Company be moved about petitioning the King's Majesty for his Order to obtain Portland Stone for the y rebuilding the Royal Exchange."

At a joint Committee of the City and Company,

" held at Gresham, College, the 20th September. " 1667.

" The Committee observing that his Majesty hath much concerned himself or the Building of the Royal " Exchange, and apprehending it their Duty to present

him with a Draught thereof, before they proceed to the '* main Work; they therefore desired the Riglrt honour- able the Lord Mayor, with Two of the City and Two *' of the Company, whom he shall call unto him, being " attended with Mr. Jerman, to wait upon his Majesty with the fame, and to move for the obtaining Leave . to extend the South-weft Angle of the Exchange into * the Street as is before expressed."

" At a joint Committee of the City and Company, " holden at Gresham College, the 27 th September " 1667.

" According to the Desire of the last Committee, the Draughts for the Model of the Royal Exchange having " been presented to, and viewed by, his Majesty; and Sir " John Denham, Surveyor General of his Works, having

4‘ now declared his Majesty's Approbation and good *' Liking thereof in general, and, particularly, that he " approved of the carrying out of the Portico of the " South Side of the Exchange into Cornhill as in

" the Draught is described, and gave his free Assent to the " doing thereof; And further, the said Sir " declaring it to be his Majesty's great Desire that the " Exchange may be set free, in regard it is of lo publick " and eminent a Concern, for the Honour of the City; yet " so as no private Person may be wronged in his Inhcritance, without having just Satisfaction given him for the " same: Whereupon the Committee, got willing to lose

"any Time in the Pro locution of that so necessary a Work, especially ftnee it hath passed his Majesty's Eye " with Favour, made Choice of the Worshipful Sir Thomas Bludworth, Deputy F, Deputy , and

" Deputy Rofew ell, for the City; and the Worshipful " Richard Clutterbuck Esquire, Deputy Warden

" Hilliard, and Warden Jones, for the Company; and " authorized them, or any of a Side, or more, of

" them, to be a Committee, as well to treat, conclude,

" and agree with the Proprietors and Leaseholders for " buying of so much Ground about the Exchange as may " serve for the carrying on the Work aforesaid, according " to the King's Desire, as also (in case a Treaty cannot " effect the feme) w prepare an Act:, to be presented to " Parliament for their Authority, finally to settle that " Business between the City and Company and the Proprietors and Tenants, that no Obstruction may remain " to hinder the necessary Proceeding of this Committee;

" and in the mean time the Work to be put in Hand by " the Committee last above-chosen, by agreeing with all " the Workmen for the Prices of their Work, and coneluding how all Materials should be provided."

And further, to shew the Countenance and Encouragement his Majesty gave, an Entry in the said Repertory was read, and is as follows:

" Be it remembered that the King's Majesty, King " Charles the Second, came to the Royal Exchange on the Three-and-twentieth of October 1667, and there " fixed the First Pillar, at the re-edifying thereof, which " is that (landing on the West Side the North Entrance, f* He was entertained by the City and Company with a " Chine of Beef, grand Drfh of Fowle, Gammons of " Bacon, dried Tongues, Anichovies, Caviare, &c. and " Plenty of several Sorts of Wine. He gave £.20 ia " Gold to the Workmen. The Entertainment was in a " Shed, built and adorned on purpose, upon the Scotch

" AKo his Royal Highness James Duke of York fixed " the Pillar on the East Side that Entrance, on the last " Day of October 1667, and was entertained by the City and Company in that Place.

" His Highness Prince Rupert fixed the Pillar on the " East Side the South Entrance, on the 18th Day of " November 1667, and was entertained by the City and " Company in the feme Place."

"At the Assembly of the last Committee of the " City and Company, at Gresham College, 24th " October 1667.

" Divers of the Tenants below the Exchange, summoned to appear this Day, being without attending,

" this Assembly, according to the last Direction of the joint Committee, called them severally in; and having " declared to them, That it is the Intention of the City " and Company (as much as in them lies) to satisfy the Desire of his Majesty, in setting the Exchange free from " contiguous Buildings, and then desiring of them, ia " order thereunto, to surrender their respective Leases,

" upon just Satisfaction to be made to them in ready " Money for the fame; and upon Consideration that each " of them should have the Refusal of an Habitation, in " case Houses should be again built there."

" At a joint Committee of the City and Company " of Mercers, holden at Gresham College, the 9th " December 1667.

" The Committee again assuming the Consideration of " the Draught made by Mr. Jerman for the Re-building " of the Royal Exchange, and judging that the delaying " the full Refutation ot what shall be built on the outward " Part of the South and North Sides may be much prejudicial to the carrying on that Work in general, it was " thereupon resolvetl, That Porticoes should be built on the said South and North Sides, according as his Majesty desires, and as are described in tire aforesaid " Draught, and that Houses shall ire built on the " Heads of the said Porticoes, and Shops underneath;

" and that (in this so necessary a Work) the Committee " may not receive Obft ructions from the Tenants and

" Owners

si Geo. II. 8° Mart 543

" Owners of the contiguous Grounds, the Right Worshipful Sir Thomas Bludworth, Sir William * and ' Deputy Cade, for the City; the Worth ipful Esquire Clutter buck, Esquire IVym, and Deputy Daw- nay, for the Company; or so many of them as can at- tend that Business, attended by Mr. , are de-

*' fired to make Application to his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to lay his Prohibition M upon all Persons concerned, that they do not proceed to build of the said contiguous Grounds to the Hin-" dranee of the Works aforesaid, until an Act of Parliament may be gained in that Cafe, to enable the Committee to purchase them in, upon valuable and just Considerations to be paid to the Owner."

At a joint Committee of the City of London and " Company of Mercers, holden at Gre/ham Col-the 16th of December, Anno 1667.

A Letter from the light Honourable the Earl of Manchester, recommending one Ccjus Gabriel Cibber

" to the Making of the Statues for the Royal Exchange, and the rather, in regard he hath shewn his Majesty

Ibme Models, which have been well liked of, having *( been read* the Committee called the Gentleman in,

and acquainted him. That the Businessof making the '* Statues is yet very much from their Thoughts, having * the whole Exchange to build .‘irft; and that a new

Committee will succeed, before the main Work be cffcftid, to whom, when fitting Time shall come, he

may do well to apply himfe.l."

" Ata joint Committee the City and Company " of Mercers, holden at Grejh.im College; the lift " December 1667. u Sir John Denham and Mr. May, being both present

at this Committee, and, by his Majesty's Directions, " having viewed the Streets on both Sides the Royal

Exchange, in order to the erecting the Porticoes there

* on the South and North Sides, the said Sir John Den- ham declared, That his Majesty desired the going on of

the said Work; and that if any Person or Persons, who are offered just Satisfaction of the Ground, shall yet

presume to build, in contradiction and Hindrance of the Work aforesaid, that then his Majesty and Council will interpole their Authority, to give a Stop to their

Proceedings, until an Act of Parliament can be obtained."

And to make good the Allegation of the Company's having contributed an equal Moiety towards the Purchasing of Ground to enlarge the Royal , and the

St rcets and Avenues adjoining thereto, the fair Books of Accounts of the Wardens from the Year 1668, to the Year 1672, inclusive, were produced, in which are contained several Entries of Sums of Money paid by the Company, for their Moiety of Ground, purchased to enlarge the Royal Exchange, amounting to the Sum of £..7,274 16 9 over and besides an Annuity of £. 15 a Year, One Moiety of which is payable by the Company, valued at £. 150, which, added to the £. 3,274 169 makes £. 3,424 16 9, the Particulars of which, extracted from the Books by Mr. , and proved by him, are annexed in the Appendix N* 5.

And, in further Support of the Allcgation, the Agent for the Company produced several Deeds, purporting to be the Purchase Deeds for the said Grounds, which were read; and a Paper was also produced, and proved to contain the Dates, Parties Names, Considerations, and Parcels of such Deeds; and the same is in the Appendix N° 6.

And he also produced to your Committee an Act of Parliament, passed in the 19th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An Act for rebuilding " the City of London and also an Act of the 22d of King Charles the Second, intituled, "An additional Act for rebuilding the City of London, uniting of Parishes, " and rebuilding the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City."

By the First of which Acts the City are impowered to appropriate Grounds, for enlarging the several Streets Vol. 23.

therein particularly mentioned; for defraying the Expence whereof, and other Purposes of the said Act, a Duty of lid. n Chaldron upon Coals is granted f>r Ten' Years; and by the Act of the 22d of Charles the Second, the said Duty is further continued for a longer Term, arid an additional Duty of at. per-Chaldron is granted for the Purposes in the said last mentioned; 0oe of which

is declared to be the purchasing Ground for enlarging the Royal Exchange, and the Streets and Avenues thereunto adjoining.

And it was, on behalf of the said Company alleged^ That, notwithstanding by the said Acts it appears, that a Provision was made to enable the City to purchase the Ground for enlarging the Streets and Avenues about the Royal Exchange, yet the Company paid a full and equal Share thereof, as appears by the said Appendix N* 5.

The Company then proceeded to prove the Expence of the rebuilding the Royal Exchange:

And, for that Purpose, a Book, marked (B) 240, was produced, and proved, by Mr. which, be said,

contained the Account of the Expence of the said Building; and the said Book begins the 17th October x 666, and ends the 12th July 1676; and it thereby appears. That the total Expence of rebuilding thte Royal Exchange amounted unto£. 58,962, the Company's Moiety whereof was the Sum of £. 29,48 it: To defray which Expencef it appeared, the Company were obliged, from time to time, to borrow Money upon their Seal; inso much, that in tnc Year 1682 they had taken up Money on their Bonds, on account of the Trust of Sir Thomas Gresham, to the Amount of £.43,795.

And, to prove that such Bonds were then outflanking, a Book ivas produced, and proved, by Mr. Crsanpe. intituled, " An Account of the Renter Warden of the Mercers for Cresham Causes, from MidJ'unmcr 1681, to " Midsummer 1682," wherein the Names of the Persons to whom such Bonds were owing, as well as the particular Sums, are specified.

And, in the Year 1699, the said Debt was increased to the Sum of £.49,983 due on Bonds, over and besides the Sum of £.9,282 11 5^- due to the Company qn account of extraordinary Disbursements for the Trust of Sir Thomas Gresham :To prove which, the Wardens fair Bocks of Account of the Years 1698 and 1699, wefe produced, and pruved, by Mr. Crumpe,

That the Interest of the said Debt Was always m^re than the Rents and Profits of the Estate would fxtisfy4 and therefore the said Debt continued to increase.

And, in order t prove how much the Estate of Sir Thomas Gresham is indebted to the Petitioners,

Mr. Crumpe was examined and laid. That the Company had hitherto contributed equally with the City in the Repairing of the Royal Exchange, and paying Sir Thomas Crejhams Lectures and Charities; and that in or

about the Year 1729, One of the Lecturers of Sir Thomas Grejhartl filed a Bill in Chancery against the City of London and the Mercers Company; to answer which,'it became necessary to draw out and state an Account between the Mercers Company and Sir Thomas Gresham*s Trust Estate; as also between the City and C mpany and the said Estate; and accordingly such Accounts were drawn up; and thereby it appears. That there was due to the Mercers Company, for their Moiety of the Expence of building the Royal Exchange, and other Payments up to that lime, the Sum of £. 100,639 18 ioI: That the City at that Time admitted the said Account to be true; and the said Account was true, according to the bed of the Knowledge and Belief of the Witness: And the same being entered in One of the Company's Books, marked (B) N* 240, was produced to the Committee, and proved by Mr. Crumpe-, and a true Copy thereof also proved and exhibited to your Committee; and the same is in the Appendix N* 7.

Mr. William Cawne, Clerk to Mr. Crumpe, said. That he had examined the Company's Books, and had drawn therefrom a further Account current of the said Sir Thomas Grtsham'i Estate, from the Year 1729; and after having

giveu

Mrrceri Company.

Mcrcen

Company.

544 % Mdrnil' A. 1^47;

given all due Credit -for the Company's Share of all the Rents and Profits to Michaelmas 1745, there remained-due to the Company, for Principal and Interest, the Sum 4>f£, 142,885 7 1.

That he believed the said Account, and Computation therein contained, were true: And the said Account, being produced to your Committee, is annexed in the Appendix N°-8.

In order to prove the Company's accepting a Proposal of Doctor Asheton's, for granting Annuities, the Agent for the Company produced the Repertory Book for the Year *698 and 1699, which was proved by Mr.; by

tv Inch it appeared. That Doctor Asheton made, and tire Company accepted, such Proposal as in the Petition alleged.

And, in further Proof of the said Allegation, the Deed of Settlement, dated 4th OSlobe 1699, wasalfo read) in which the Proposal is fully recited.

To prove the next Allegation of the Petition, with te-spedt to the Application of the Money received of the Subscribers for Annuities,

A Resolution of the General Court of the Company, from the last mentioned Repertory of the 17th 1699, was read; whereby it appears. That it wasrepre-fented by the Committee, and ordered by the Court, that the Account of the Business of the Subscriptions should be kept distinct; and as the Company paid off any Bonds on the Gresham Account, the Money should be made borrowed for the Account of the Subscribers, and the Gresham Account should be charged with Interest thereof, as was then paid: And it was at the same Court also ordered, That the Calli coming in upon Account of SubscriptioDS should be lodged in the Bank of and the Wardens should pay it out, as the Company should have Occasion to discharge their Bonds.

And, to prove that the Money received by Subscrip* tions was applied in Discharge of Bonds on Sir Thomas Gresham' % Account,

The Cash Book of the Company, of Monies, received for Annuities and Money paid for Discharge of Bonds on Sir Thomas Grejhham's Account, was produced; and it

thereby appeared. That the Money received of Subscribers was applied to discharge the Bonds of the Company, given upon Sir Thomas Gresham' % Account.

And it also appeared from the Warden's fair Book of 1702 and 1703, That Mr. Papillon left the said Company a Legacy of £. 1,000; and from the Leidger Book of the Year 1721, That Mr. Wejiall left a Legacy of £. 100; both which were thrown into the General Calli, and made use of, promiscuously with their own Money, in Discharge of their Annuities, and Payment of their Charities. And,

Mr. Crumpe, being examined, said. That the Rents of the settled Estate, in the Year 1725, being not fuiiicient to discharge the Annuities then claimed, the Company again took up Money upon their Seal, and continued lb to do till about Michaelmas 1745; during which Period the Company borrowed Money to the Amount of £. 84,700; and the Money so borrowed was, from time to time, for the most part, applied to pay the Annuitants and their other Charities.

That the Company reduced the Rate of their Annuities at several Periods from 30 to 25, to 20, and even to £' 5-

notwithstanding which, at Michaelmas 1745, they were indebted, by Bonds under their Seal, to the Amount of £.84,700, and Interest thereon to Michaelmas 1747, amounting to £.7,850 15 8, which makes the Principal and Interest, due on Bond at Michaelmas 1747, amount to the Sum of £.92,550 15 8; and that there is due, and in Arrear, to the Annuitants, at Michaelmas 1747, the Sum of £.9,628 2 6; and that the Money Legacies given by lundry Benefadlors, not inverted in Land, amount to £.21,099. 5 9; and the Arrears of such Charitities, at Michaelmas 1747, amounted to £. 1,434 13 4; that the Ample Contrail Debts of the said Company, on the 5th November 1745, amounted

to £.497 19 2; all which Sums, put together; amount to the Sum of£. 125,210 16 5.

And Mr. Crumpe, being further examined, said, That' it did not appear to him, by any of the Company's Books,* that the Account of Money Donations had been kept separate from the other Calli of the said Company; from whence he inferred, that the same had b^en exhausted in the Time of the civil Wars, and after the Fire of London: That he had carefully examined the Books, in order to collect the Particulars of the several Money Legacies which had been given either in Trull to purchase Land, or to pay and maintain the several Charities, and which had not been laid out in any Purchase; which Particular* was by him produced, and is annexed in the Appendix! N°

And the Examinant further said. That, although tire Company had not inverted the several Donations in the Purchase of Lands, yet they bad paid and supported the fame, from time to time, till the Company llopt Payment in November 1745, except to some few Persons, who neglected to demand the lame.

And, in order to prove the annual Account of the Annuities the Company is liable to pay, and what they have to pay it with,

Mr. Crumpe was further examined, and produced Two Books, the First containing, as he informed your Committee, the Account of the Annuities payable at present; and the other an Account of the Subscribers for Annuities in Expectancy:

By the First of which Books it appears. That the present Annuities amount to £. 7,534; and the Reason the Sum varies from the Sum mentioned in the Petition, is the Death of Two Widows, since the Petition passed under the Company's Seal:

And by the other Book it appeared. That the Annuities in Expectancy, amount to £. 10,019.

And to shew the Income of the Company's Estate settled and secured to pay such Annuities,

A Book was produced, and proved, by the said Mr.

Crumpe, to contain a true Rental of all the Estates of the Company that were in Settlement to the Widows: And by the said Book, and the Examination of Mr. Crumpe, it appeared. That the Clear Income of the Estates so settled, amounted to £.4,148 17 a£ a Year.

And the said Mr. Crumpe being asked, what other Estates the Company had which were not in Settlement; he produced a Book, intituled, "A Rental of the House " Estate not in Settlement;" whereby it appears. That such Estate amounted to £.669 17 7 Annum, and the Outgoings to £.612 7 of; a Particular of which is contained in the Appendix N° 10.

And he said. That the several other Charges to which the Hall was liable, and which were not set down in the said Rental, made the Outgoings of the said Estate, called the House Estate, more than the Income.

And being asked, touching the Nature and Quality of the Estates in Settlement, and whether that Part that was in Houses or the IrijliEstate was of the greatest Value; he said the present Income of the Estate in Houses was £. 3,726 a Year, or thereabouts, within the Bills of Mortality; and the same are liable to Decay, and subject to daily Repairs, but yet of greater Value in tire whole than the Irish Estate.

That the Rent now reserved upon the Estate is £.420 a Year; of which several Companies have a small Part; and the Share of the Company of the said £.420 a Year is £-362 40^. That on letting the last Lease, in 1713 (which expires at Saints 1755) a Fine of£. 6,000 was given, and the Share thereof belonging to, and which came to, the Company, was £.5,120 u 4f.

And as to Long Acre F.state, the same is let on One Lease for £. 30 a Year for a Term of Years, which expires in 1760; when same considerable Improvement is expected therefrom, but how much be cannot ascertain.

In

a i Geo. II. 8° Martii. 545

In order to prove that the City of in 1693,

were reduced to great Distresses, by Money lent to the King and Parliament, and by the Fire of and

that their Cale then was similar to that of the Mercers Company now,

The Journal of the House of the 17th November,40 tVmi. et Maria, was read, so far as relates to a Petition then presented from the City of London:

And the further Proceedings on the said Petition being read, it appeared. That, in consequence thereof, an Act passed the same Session for the Relief of the Orphans of the City of London, which was also read:

And the Petitioners thereupon alleged, and submitted to the Committee, That the same of the Distress of the City of London, in 1693, and that of the Mercers Company at present, had their Source from the same Cauics, and were, in moil respects, exactly similar.

Mr. Crumpe, being further examined, said. That the

major Part of the Annuitants were Clergymen's Widows; and that the Company had no other Fund to pay their Annuities, but the Estates settled for that Purpose; and many of them, as he had been credibly informed, and did believe, were in a very distressed Condition.

t

Vol. *5.

6 Z

APPENPIX

Mercers

Company'.

A P P E N

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

(D

o

c§

rT

Owing by the late King Charles the First, which is secured by the Bond of Henry Earl of Manchester, and divers other Noblemen, to be paid with Interest at 8

per Cent. £. 3,250, whereof One Moiety was due the 22d 1641, and the other Moiety the 30th of the same Month -To Two Years 9 Months and 63 Days Interest thereof; viz. from 2id 1641, to 23d September 1644, at £- 8 per Cent. -To One Year 9 Months and 22 Days Interest of£. 2,925, viz. from 23d September 1644, to 15th July 1746, at£. 8 per Cent. -

To 5 Years and Days Interest of £.2,600, viz. from 15th July 1646, to 19th July 1651, at £.6 per Cent. ——

To 2 Years 3 Months and 49 Days Interest of£. 2,437 IOJ* v/z* from 19th July

1651, to 7th December 1653, at £.6 per Cent. - -

To 3 Months and 84 Days Interest of '£2,396 17 6, viz. from 7th December 1653, to 30th May 1654, at £. 6 per Cent. -To 1 Year and 26 Days Interest of/. 2,315 12 from 30th May 1654,

to 25th June 1655, &t£.6per Cent. - -

To 3 Years Interest of £. 2,275, v‘z‘ from 25th June 1655, to Midsummer 1658, at £.6 per Cent. ——

To 56 Years Interest of £. 2,193 15, viz. from Midsummer 1658, to Midsummer 1714, at £. 6 per Cent. ——

To 31 Years and Interest of £.2,193 1 from Midsummer 1714, to

Michaelmas 1745, at £. 5 per Cent. ——

Deduift Principal Interest

£ s. d.

3>*5 0 — —

759 *7 2

423 11 11

781 14 —

348 12 2

69 — 2

148 *5 8

409 10 —

7.368 8 8

3,426 11 3

16,986 1 —

3,250 ——

£ 13.736 —

►0

►a

w

a:

o

Sic Orig.

X

g 5

(jrx

Ov

D I X, N9 1

1644, Sept. 23.

1646, >ly 15-

1651, July 19.

1653> Dec. 7.

1654, May 30.

1655> June 25.

1658 and 1659.

Receivedof theChamberofZ,o»^/o»,in Partof£. 3,250lenthisMa-

jesty heretofore, upon the Bond of Ten Lords, and afterwards secured by Act of Parliament, for Re-payment of £.400,000 325 — —

Received of the Chamber of London, in further Part of jf.3,250 lent his Majesty heretofore, upon the Bond of Ten Lords, and afterwards secured by Act of Parliament, for Re-payment of

£ 400,000.....* - 323 — —

Received out of the Chamber of London, from the Treasurers for the £. 400,000 in further Part of £. 3,250 lent upon the Security of Ten Lords Bond - - - 16a 10

Received of the State, by the Hands of the Chamberlain

don, in further Part of the Principal of the Peerage Money owing to the Company - - - - 40 12 6

Received of the State, by the Hands of the Chamberlain of London, in further Part of the Principal of the Peerage Money owing to the Company - 81 5*"

Received of the Treasury, by the Hands of the Chamberlain of London, in further Part of the Principal of the Peerage Money owing the Company - - - - 40 13r6

Received out of the Treasury, for the £.400,000 in Guild-Hall, by the Hands of the Chamberlain of London, in further Part of the Peerage Money owing to the Company, by the Bond of 10 Noblemen - - - - 81 3 —

Balance due to the Company

1,056 5

- - 15,929 16

£. 16,986 1 —

80 Martii. A. 1747

o

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

t*

Ln

APPENDIX, No, a.

Owingby the Parliament paid, lent upon the publick Faith, into tlieChimlxr of London, towards turnishing £. ioc, oooo, lent by the tcvvral Companies of the City of London, towards the Kciiet and Preservaiion ot Ireland, and the urgent Necessities of the Nation, to be paid, Interest alter the Kate of £. 8 per Cent. per Annum -

To 6 Years Interest of^.6,500, viz. from 23d 1642, 1023,! July 1648,01

/. 8 per Cent ——

To 5 Years 9 Months and 62 Days Interest of/. 6,500, from 23d July 1648, to Midsummer 1654,31 £.6 per Cent.

To 60 Years Interest ofjf.5,801 5, from Midsummer 1654^0 Midsummer 1714, at £. 6 per Cent. -

To 31 Years and \ Interest of £. 5,801 5, from Midsummer 1714, to -

mat 1745, at £. 5 per Cent ——

£. s.

6,5-0 ——

3,120 ——

1,308 14 11 20,883 10 — 9,064 1 3

41,876 6 2

Deduct Principal - 6,500 — —

Total Interest - -/. 35,376 6 2

By the Mercers Proportion of/, lo.oooofor which the several Companies ac- /. *. d.

cepted a Lot of Land in Ireland, which was loid for /. 6,666. 1 4

w:»crt*of the Compiny received for their Share only /. 465. 16 8 l)ut, in-a.'inuch as the Companies accepted the Land in Satisfaction for/, 10,000 the Mercers Proportion of that, if it had produced the whole Money,

would have been /. 698. 151. o d.and therefore the Company think they ought to give Credit for that Sum, although it produced but /. 465 16 8 698 15 —

Due to the Company to Balance - 41,177 11 2

/. 41,876 6 2

APPENDIX, No. 3.

The City of London to the Mercers Company

Owing by the Chamber of London £. 3,150 lent by the Company, upon the City Seal, the lft of October 1643, w'th Interest at/. 8 per Cent To One Year's Interest of/. 1,083 8* -

To 92 Years Interest of/. 2,166 13 4, from 25th December 1655 to -

mas 1747, at /. 4 per Cent.

Dr.

/. s.

d.

3,250 ——

86 13 4

7,970 16 10

M

Z

o

M

/. 11,307 10 2

Per Contra ----- Cr.

/. J. d.

Received 23d October 1645, of the Chamber of by the Commissioners of Lxciic, in Part of /. 3,250. heretofore lent by the Company upon the City Seal - -- - - 1,083 8

Received D % of the Commissioners of Excise, for a Year's Interest of the said /. 1,083. 9s. id. - - - - 86 13 4

Due to the Company to Balance

1,170 — — - 10,137 10 2

/. 11,307 10 2

cn

sa

D

"5

21 Geo. II. 8° Martii.

Mercers

Company*

548 8° Martii.

APPENDIX, N'4.

The last Will and Testament of Sir 'Thomas Knight.

THIS is the last Will written, and Disposition of me Sir Thomas Grejkam, of the City of London, Knight,

concerning all my Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned andconteyned in One Indenture Quadrupartite, made between me the said Sir Thomas Gresham, and Dame.^wr* my Wife, on the One Partie; and Philip Scuddamore Gent, and Thomas Celey, on the other Partie; dated the Twentieth Day of May, in the Seventeenth Year of the Iltign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth.

First, concerning the Buildings in , called the

Royal Exchange, and all Pawns and Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Messuages, Tenements, and other whatsoever myne Hereditaments, Parcell or adjoyning to the said Royal Exchange, I will and dispose, That, after Expiration and Determination of the particular Uses, Estates, and Interest for Life, and Intayle thereof, limited in the said Indenture, bearing Date the Twentieth of May, I will and dispose. That One Moiety thereof shall remain, and the Use thereof shall be unto the Major, and the Commonalty, and Citizens of London, by whatsoever especial Name or Addition the same Corporation is made or known, and to their Successors, for Term of Fifty Years then next ensuing; upon Trust or Confidence, and to the Intent that they do perform the Payments and other Intents in these Presents hereafter limited, thereof by them to be done and performed: And the other Moiety of the said Buildings, called the Royal Exchange, Pawns, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Messuages, Tenements, and other mine Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances thereto adjoyning, shall remain, and the Use thereof shall be to the Wardens and Commonalties of the Mysterie of the Mercers of the City of London; viz. to the corporate Body and Corporation of the Company of Mercers in London, by whatsoever especial Name or Addition the same Corporation is made or known, and to their Successors, for Term of Fifty Years next ensuing; upon Trust and Confidence, and to the Intent that they do perform the Payments and other Intents in these Presents hereafter lymited, thereof by them to be done and performed: And I will and dispose, That, after such Time as the One Moiety of the said Royal Exchange and other Premises, according to the Intent and Meaning of these Presents, shall conae to the said Major and Corporation of the said City, and from thence so long as they and their Successors shall, by any Means or Title, have, hold, or enjoy, the fame, they and their Successors, every Year, shall give and distribute, to and for the Sustenation, Maintenance, and Finding, Four Persons, from tyme to tyme to be chosen, nominated, and appointed, by the same Major, and Commonaltie, and Citizens, and their Successors, meete to read the Le(Shires of Divinity, Astronomy, Musick, and Geometry, within myne own Dwelling-house, in the Parish of St. Helen's, in Bish and in St. Peter's the Poor, in the City of London, (the Moiety whereof hereafter in this my last Will is by me lymited and disposed unto the said Major, and Commonaltie, and Citifons of the said City) the Summe of Two hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of England, in Manner and Form following; viz, To every of the said Readers for the Time being, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, of lawful Money of England, yearly, for their Sallaries and Stipends, meete fot* Four sufficiently learned to read the said Lectures: The same Stipends and Sallaries, and every of them, to be paid at Two usual Termes in the Year, yearly, that is to say, at the Feast of the Annunciation ot 0/. Mary the Virgin, and St. Michael the Archangel, by even Portions to be paid.

And farther. That the said Mayor, and Commonaltie, and Citizens, of the said City, and their Successors, from henceforth, and so long as they and their Successors shall, by any Means, have, hold, or enjoy, the ,said Moiety, before in these Presents to them disposed, shall give and

A. 1747.

distribute the Sum of Fifty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, of lawful Money of England, yearly, in Manner and Form following; viz. Unto Eight Almes-Folks, whom the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Cittyzens, or their Successors, shall appoint to inhabit my Eight Almes-houses, in the said Parish of St. Peter's the Poor, to every of them the said Almes-Foiks the Summe of Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, to be paid at Four usual Terms in the Year yearly, that is to say, at the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, the Nativity of our Lord God, the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and Nativity of St. John Baptist, by even Portions;

And farther. That the said Mayor, and Commonaltie, and Cittizens, of the said City, and their Successors, from thenceforth, and so long as they and their Successors shall, by any Means, have, hold, and enjoy the said Moiety, before in these Presents to them disposed, shall give and distribute, at the Terms aforesaid, to the Relief of the poor Persons and Prisoners in the Prisons and Places called or known by the Names of Newgate, Ludgate, the King's-Benck, the Marshalsea, and Counter now kept in

Woodjlreet, and whereloever the same Prisons hereafter shall be kept, Fifty Pounds, of lawful Money of England, in Money, or other Provisions and Necessaries for them; viz. To every of the same Five Prisons or Places, Ten Pounds, at the Four usual Feasts or Terms of Payment of Rent within the same City of London most accustomed, or within Eight-and-twenty Days next after, by even Portions.

And as concerning the other Meietie, before in this my present last Will disposed, to the said Wardens and Commonaltie of the Corporation of the Mercers, I will and dispose, That, after such Time as the same Moietie, according to the Intent and Meaning of these Presents, shall come to the said Wardens and Corporation of the Mercers, and from thenceforth so long as they or their Successors shall, by any Means or Title, have, hold, and enjoy the fame, that they and their Successors, every Year yearly, shall give, and pay, and distribute, to and for the Finding, Sustenation, and Maintenance, of Three Persons, by them the said Wardens and Commonaltie, and their Successors, from time to time to be chosen and appointed, meete to read the Lectures of Law, Physick, and Rhetorick, within myne now Dwelling-house, in the Parish of St. Helens in Bishopf-gate-street, and St. the Poor, in the said City of L, (the Moyety whereof, hereafter in this my present last Will, is by me appointed and disposed unto the said Corporation of Mercers) the Summe of One hundred and Fifty Pounds, of lawful Money of England, in Manner and Form following;

To every of the said Readers, for the Time being, the Summe of Fifty Pounds, for their Sallaries and Stipends, meete for Three sufficiently learned to read the said Lectures, at Two usual Feasts in the Year, that is to say, at the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, and of St. Michael the Archangel, by even Portions to be paid: And that the said Wardens and Corporation of the Mercers, and their Successors, from henceforth, and so long as they and their Successors shall, by any Means, have, hold, or enjoy the said Moiety, before in these Presents to them disposed, shall yearly bestow and expend One hundred Pounds, of lawful Money of England, in Manner and Form following; that is to say, severally at Fower several Termes in the Year, in and about the Expencesand Charges of a Feast or Dynner for the whole Company of the same Corporation, to be had and made in the Mercers-Hall in the said City of London, at and in every their Quarter Day the Summe of Twenty-five Pounds: And farther that the said Wardens and Corporation of the Mercers, and their Successors, from thenceforth and so long as they and their Successors shall, by any Means, have, hold, or enjoy, the said Moiety, before in these Presents to them disposed, shall every Year give and distribute to the Relief of the poor Persons and Prisoners in the Hospitals, Prisons, and Places, called or known by the Names of the Hospitals of Christ, or Christ-

Church,

a i Geo. II. 8° Mar54

Church, late the Grey Fryers, in ,the tlolpital df

St Bartholomew\ near Smithfield, in the Spit-

tall of Bet him, near BiJ/iopf gate; thfc Hospital for the Poor in Southwark, and the Counter now kept in the Poultry, and wheresoever the same Prison hereafter shall be kept. Fifty Pounds, of lawful Money of , in

Money, or other Piovitions and Necessaries, for them; viz. To every of the said Five Hospitals, Prisons, or Places, Ten Pounds, at Four most uiual Feasts or Terms of Payment of Kent within the said City of London accustomed, or within Eight-and-twenty Days next after, by even Portions.

And as touching mv Eight Alms-Houses; situate in the Parish of St. Peter's the P, at the Backside of the said Mansion-house in t he said City of , I will and.

dispose, That, after the Expiration and Determination of the particular Uies, Elfates, and Interests, for Lite, and Entail thereof, limited inti.e said Indenture Quadrupartite, dated the Twentieth of May, that the same Eight Alms-houses shall remain, and the Use thereof shall be Unto the said Mayor, and Commonaltie, and Cityzens, of the said City of London, and their Successors, for and during the Term of Fifty Yean, from thence next following fully to be compleat and ended; upon Trust and Confidence, and to the Intent that they do perform the Payments and other Intents in thele Presents hereafter limited, thereof by them to be done: And my Trust and Confidence, Will, Intent, and Meaning, is, that they the &id Mayor, and Commonaltie, and Citizens, and their Successors, after such Time as the said Alms-houses shall, by virtue of this my present last Will, come unto them the fai I Mayor, and Commonaltie, and Citizens, or to their Successors, and from time to time, (o long as they or their Successors shall have, bold, or enjoy the lame, by any Title or Means, shall place or putt Eight poor and impotent Persons into the said Eight Alms-housesT'V/z. into every One of the said Alms-houses One Person; and tfiali, from time to time, suffer the said Eight Persons, that shall be lo by them oi their Successors there placed and putt, to have, occupy, and enjoy, the lame, without any Fine or other Thing yielded therefore; and shall also pay unto every of the said Persons, that so shall be by them placed and put into the said Alms-houses, the Summe of Six PoundsThirteen Shillings and Four Pence of lawful Money of England, in Manner and Form before in these Prelents expressed.

And as concerning my said Mansion-house, with the Gardens, Stables, and all and singular other the Appurtenances in the said Parish of St. Helen's in BishopJ-gate-Street, and St. Peter's the Poor, in the City of London, I will and dispose. That, after the End, Determination, or Expiration, of the particular Estates, Uses, Interests, and Intailes thereof, limited by the said Indenture Quadrupartite, dated the said Twentieth Day of May, the same my said Mansion-house, Gardens, Stables, and other the Appurtenances, shall remain, and the Use thereof shall be, to the Mayor, Commonaltie, and Citizens, of the said City of London, by whatsoever Name or Addition the same is made or known, and to their Successors; and alia to the Wardens and Commonaltie of the Mysterie <r the Mercers of the City of London, viz. to the corporate Body and Corporation of the Mercers of London, by whatsoever Name or Addition the same Corporation is made or known; to have and to hold in common, for and during the Term of Fifty Years, from thence next following fully to be compleat and ended; upon Trust and Confidence that they observe, perform, and keep, my Will, Intent, and Meaning, hereafter in these Presents expressed: And my Will, Intent, and Meaning is, That the said Mayor, and Commonalty, and Citizens, and their Successors, and that the said Wardens and Commonaltie of the Mercery, and their Successors, after such Time as the said Mansion-house, Garden, and other the Appurtenances, shall, by virtue of these Prelents, come unto them; and from thenceforth, so long as they and their Successors, or any of them, shall have, hold, or enjoy, the fame, by any Title or Means, shall permit! Voi. 25.

and suffer Seven Persons, by them, from time to time, to Mercer* be elected and appointed; in Manner and Form afore- Cdmjunjr; said, meete and sufficiently learned to read the said Seven Lecturer, to have the Occupation of all my laid Mansion-house, Gardens, and of all other the Appurtenances; for them and every of them there to inhabit, study, and daily to read the said several Lectures: And riiy Will is;

That none shall be chosen to read any of the said LectureS so long as he shall be married, nor be suffered to read any of the said Lectures, after that he shall be married; neither shall receive any Fee or Stipend appointed for the Reading of the said Lectures.

And moreover I will and dispose. That if the said Mayor and Commonaltie, viz the chief Corporation of the said

City, and the said Wardens and Commonaltie of the Mercers, viz. the Corporation of the Mercers of the City aforesaid, before the End of the Cud Fiftu Years; to them in Form aforesaid lymited, shall procure and obtain l'ufficient and lawful Dispensations and Licences;

Warrafit and Authority, bad and obtained, shall have and enjoy the said Royal Exchange, Messuages, Shops;

Pawns, Vaults; Houses, and all other the Premises, with the Appurtenances, for ever; severally, by such Moieties, Rates, and other Proportions; and in such Manner and Form, as before in these Presents is lymited; upon Trust and Confidence; and to the Intent that they severally, for ever, shall doe, maintain, and perform; the Payments, Charges, and other Intents and Meanings thereof, before lymited and expressed, according to the Intent and true Meaning of these Prelents: And that I do require and charge the said Corporations; and chief Governors thereof, with circumfpedt Diligence, and without long Delay, to procure and fee to be done and obtained, as they will answer the same before Almighty God; for if they or any of them should neglect the Obtaining of such Licences or Warrant, which I trust cannot be difficult, nor so chargeable but that the Overplus of my Rents, and Profit of the Premifies herein before to them disposed, will soon recompence the same (because to foe good Purpose in the Commonwealth, no Prince nor Council, in any Age, will deny or defeat the lame; and if, conveniently, by my Will or other Convenience,

1 might afiure it, 1 would not leave it to be done after my Death); then the same shall revert to my right Heirs; whereas I do mean the same to the Common-weale; and then the Default thereof shall be (o the Reproach and Condemnation of the said Corporations, afore:

God: And farther, in Consideration that such Charges of Wardship, Livery, and Primier Seizen, as by my Death shall fortune to be done to the Queen's Majesty, of or for all my Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, shall be paid and born by Sir Henry Nevill Knight, and by the Heirs Males which he hath begotten on the Body of Elizabeth his late Wife, deceased, Daughter of my Brother Sir John Gresham Knight, deceased, while Ihe lived, my Cousin and Heir Apparent, their Heirs Males, Executors, or Assigns: I do will and dispose as concerning my Mannors of Mayefylld and Wardhurst, with the Appurtenances, and all my Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Sussex, or elsewhere, used of reputed, or belonging to the said Mannor or Mannors of Mayefylld or Wardhurst, that after the Expiration of the particular Uses, Estates, and Interest for Life, and Intayle thereof, limited in the said Indenture, the same shall remain, and the Use thereof shall be, unto my Cousin Sir Henry Nevil, and to the Heirs Males of Dame Eliza-

beth his Wife, my Niece: And if my laid Cousin Sir Hemy Nevil Knight, or the Heirs Males begotten by my laid Niece, shall not, within certain Time after my Death, bear or cause to be born the Charges of Wardship, Livery, or Primier Seizin, according to the Intent and Meaning of these Prelents, that then such Gift, Limitation, and Disposition, as I have herein made to my laid Cousin Nevil, and the Heirs Males of my Niece's Body,

shall be utterly void, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they, and every of them, had not been mentioned in these

* A Prelents:

55

8* Martii.

A. 1747.

Mercers Presents: And then I will and dispose, That the same Company. Premises at Mayefylld and Wardkurjl aforesaid, or to the same belonging, shall remain, and the Use thereof shall be, in such Sort as the Residue hereafter limited shall be.

And as concerning all the Residue of all and singular myMannors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament's, whatsoever they be, after the Expiration and Determination of the particular Uses, Estates, and Interest for Years, Life, or Intayle thereof, lymited in the said Indenture* and in these Presents, I do will and dispose, That the same shall remain, and that the Use thereof shall be, unto my said faithful loving Wife, Dame and to her

Heirs and Assigns forever; and (he to use and dispose of the same at her Pleasure, as (he shall think meete and convenient; requiring, amongst all other Things, That all my Debts, Legacies, and other Duties whatsoever, by rpe due, given, lymited, or bequeathed, to any Person, or with-held from any Person, shall be fully performed, fjitisfied, and paid, and recompensed, as the same in Law, Right, Equity, or Conscience, thall require; in which Behalf I do wholly put my Trull in her, and have no Doubt but (he will accomplish the same accordingly s and all other Things as shall be requisite or expedient for both our Honesties, Fames, and good Report, in this transitory World, and to the Profit of the Common-weale, and Relief of the careful and true Poor, according to the Pleasure and Will of Almighty God: To Whom be all Honour and Glory, for ever and ever. Amen.

Ia Witness whereof, I, the said Sir Thomas Gresham, have written this Will all fwith my own Hand, and to each of the Eight Leaves have subscribed my Name, and to a Labell fixed thereunto all the Eight Leaves, have set to my Seal with the Graffehopper, the Fifth Day of

str/y, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, and in the Year of our Lord God One thousand Five hundred Seventy-five, by me,

Thomas Gresham.

Witnesses to this lad Will and Testament of the said Sir Thomas Gresham? the Persons whole Names be fub-ftribed.

P. Scudamor,

Thomas Billingford,

Henry Nevill.

APPENDIX ^5.

Money paid for the Purchase of Ground to enlarge the Exchange, by the Mercers Company, for their Moiety.

1668- 9. Paid William Collins and Thomas

Cor den - -

Jeremy Gregory William Lock Thomas Morris Besides the Moiety of Annuity of £. 30 per , for ever.

1669- 70. Paid Dr. Langley, and Elizabeth

his Wife

£ s'

10

25

237

12 5

10

a;o —

1670-71.

16" 1-2. Fo. 27

Dr. Langley's, Wife 7 5

Francis Mayo 100 — —

John Sweeting 500

Robert Chileott 500 — —

Sir Thomas Abdy - 435 — —

Thomas Bojlock 118

Thomas Morris *5°

Thomas Morris 2 10 —

John Godfrey, paid by him to

Nicholas Grice - 75

Thomas Britton 50

Thomas Britton 175

Margaret Britton - 15 *5

Nicholas Grice Esquire - JY 75 —

A/ John Cade - 100 — —

Jane Clark - 67 15 —

Michael Maynet 45

7. Barth. Brickwood, and his

Wife 205 — —

John Godfrey 3 6 9

£. 3,274 16 9

N. B. Though the Annuity mentioned in this Account is entered in the fair Book of Accounts, ending at Midsummer 1669, at £. 30 per Annum, yet the same is a Mistake in the Entry, as appears by the Purchase-Deeds, and the other fair Books of Account, where the Annuity is mentioned to be no more than

I- *5

E Kegiftro Curia Prarogat. extract. Use.

o

M

0\

g

eg'

rf

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

eg

ft

APPENDIX, NM,

The Dates, Parties Name?, Considerations, and Parcels of the several Conveyances of Land, purchased by the City of London and Mercers Cdflopsny, to enlarge the Royal Exchange,

and the Streets and Avenues leading thereto.

Dates of the Deeds.

9th June 1669, 21st Charles 2d.

a8 June, 1669,21st Cha. 2d.

21st 03. 1669.

26th November, 21st Cha. 2d.

16th November, 1669.

sft December, 1669. 9th December, 1669. 23d December, 1669.

THE PARTIES.

Indenture between Jeremiah Gregory of the One Part; Sir Turner, Lord Mayor,*' Sir John Lawrence, Sir IVm. Peake, and Sir Jof. Sheldon, Knights, and Aldermen of London, Henry Hampfon, Nicholas Delves, and John Moore, I'fquires, Thomas Nn'ill, John Knott, Wm. Fluellin, Abraham Stanion, and Thomas Pilkinton,

' Sir John Dethicke, Sir Richard Ford, Citizen of London, Samuel Moyer, Rowland

Wynn , and Thomas Culling, Esquires, John Hawes, Thomas John Eaton,

' Wm. Harrington, Henry Norton, 7ho. Papillon, and Hump. Junes, Citizens and

Mercers of London, of the other Part

Between Wm. Lock, and Elizabeth his Wife, of the One Part; and the same Truf- }

tees as to the last Indenture, of the other Part - -

Between Henry Langley, and Elizabeth his Wife, of the One Part: and the same Truf- } tees as to the First Indenture, of the other Part - - - - j

Between Francis Mayo, of I ft Part; Hen. Gamlyn, of the ad Part; Sir IVm.

Sir John Lawrence, Sir Wm. Peake, Sir JoJ. Sheldon, Hen. Hampfon, Nicholas Delves, John Moor, Thomas NeviU, John Knott, Sir John Dethicke, Sir Richard Ford, Citizens of London, Samuel Moyer, Rowland and Thomas Culling, Esquires,

John Hawes, Thomas Wmfpear, John Eatand Wm. Harrington, Citizens arid

Mercers of London, of the 3d Part; William Fluellin, Abraham Stanton, and Thomas Pilkinton, Citizens of London, Hen. Norton, Thomas Papillon, and Humphry Jones, Citizens and Mercers of London, of the 4th Part ——

Between John Sweeting, and Sarah his Wife, of the One Part; Sir Wm. Turner, Sir John Laurence, Sir Wm. Peake, Sir Jof. Sheldon, Hen. Hampfon, Nicholas Delves, John Moor, Tho. Nevill, John Knott, Sir John Dethick, Sir Richatd Ford, Citizens of London, Samuel Meyer, Rowland Wynn, and Thomas Culling, Esquires, John Hawes, t Thomas Winfpeare, John Eaton, and Wm. Harrington, Citizens and Mercers of I

London, of the other Part ----- ----- J

Between Robert Chi/eot, and Mary his Wife, of the One Partand the same Trustees^ as to the 1 ft Indenture, of the other Part - -

Between Sir Thomas Abdy, and Dame Anne his Wife, of the One Part , and the lame') Trustees as to the ift Indenture, of the other Part ----- -3

Between Thomas Morris, and Mary his Wife, and Tho. Roberts, of the ift Part and the same Trustees as to the ift Indenture, of the 2d Part; and John Godfrey, > of the 3d Part --- ----- -- --V

The Coafidcraiion.

d.

47 S ——

2 SO — . 500 —

200 — —

1,000 — —

1,000 — —

870 — —

300 — —

And of Two Annoitiet of £.7.1 o«. to be straated to the said TtiamasMorrit, by the City and Company.

THE PARCELS.

A Toft, where, before the Fire of London in 1665, \ flood a Messuage situate in

A Toft, whereon, before the Fire of London, flood x Messuage, situate in the Parish of St. Michael Cornhill, A Toft, adjoining to the Royal Exchange in

hill.

( A Toft in Threadneedle-ftrtet,

a

tn

O

GO

o

I.

All such Parts of the Tofts of his late Messuages and Premises, which were burnt down near the Royal Exchange, neat Sweeting's Alley.

C Two Tofts in the Parish of St. Michael Cornhill, and J all other the Ground late of Richard Travers, in the L laid Parish.

A Toft, where, before the Fire "of London, flood the Antwerp Tavern, on the North and East Parts of the Royal Exchange.

All those Tofts, where, before the Fire of London, flood Two Messuages, One in Castle Alky, the othern Cornhill.

o-

os

a -

cn

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

a~

o

o

o

00

FT

?s

II

Dates of the Deeds. THE PARTIES. Tit Consideration.

15 July, 1670. Between Thomas Bretton, and Margaret his Wife, of the One Part; Sir Wtn. , and Sir John Laurence, Sir tVm Peake, and Sir JoJ. Hen. Nicholas £- ' '

Delves, John Moore, Tho. Nevill, John , Sir John , Sir Richard I

24 November, 1669. Ford, Citizens of London, Samuel Moyer, Rowlgnd and Thomas Culling, / Esquires, John Hawes, Thomas Winfpeare, John Eaton, and Wtn. Harrington, 1 Citizens and Mercers of London, of the other Part - - - - -J Between William Dawes, of the one Part; and Wm. Fluellm, Thomas Pilkinton, Citizens of London, Hen. Norton, Thomas Papillon, and Humphry > Jones, Citizens and Mercers of London, of the other Part - - -) 450 \ ' I 50 - - s

'2 y August, 1670, Between Nicholas Grice, and Elizabeth his Wife, of the First Part; Grice, of* the 2d Part; and the same Trustees as to the First Indenture (except Thomas Culling) of the Third Part; the Mayor and Commonalty of and Wardens 300 — — And of a Conveyance of several Parcels of Land,

and February, 1671. and Commonalty of Mercers, of the 4th Part - - - Between Bortho.Brickwood, and Anne his Wife, and John Brickwood, of the One*» Part; Sir Wm. Turner, Sir John Laurence, Sir Wm. Peake, and Sir Jof. Sheldon, 1 in the Deed mentioned. V

28 January, 1678. John Moor, Hen. Hanson, Nicholas Delves, Tho. Nevil, John Knott, Sir Richard > Ford, Citizens of London, Samuel Moyer, and Rowland Wynn, Esquires, and John 1 Hawes, Citizen and Mercer of London, of the other Part - - - - J Between Wm. Baker, and Elizabeth his Wife, John Eatherfea, and Frances his Wife,* of the One Part; and Sir Wm. Turner, Sir John Lawrence, Sir Jof. Sheldon, Sir 400 — — . (

John Moore, Henry Hanson, Nicholas Delves, John Knott, Citizens of London, Samuel Moyer Esquire, John Hawes, a.nd Thomas Winfpeare, Citizens and Mercers of London, of the other Part - - 450 — —

£ 6,245 ~ —

THE PARCELS.

Cn

Cn

A Toft in Threadneedle-freet, end a Piece of Ground used as a Cellar.

Assigns over the Lease of laid Premises.

All such Parts of the Tofts, Scites, and Ground, of a late Tavern called T Cajlie-, and all other Messuages, Cellars, Vaults, and Premises, near a. Wall therein mentioned, wherein the said Nicholas - Grice was seised, except an open Foot-Way thereith mentioned.

A Toft in Cornhill, near the Castle, and all Buildings upon laid Toft.

The Considerations paid by the City and Company, for the Surrenders of Leases of Part of the Premises whereon the Royal Exchange is built.

Dates of the Deeds. THE PARTIES. "r Confi deration.

20th January, 1668. 21 December, 1669. 2 Mar. 1670. William Collins and Thomas Corden ----- Thomas Bostock - - - _ - -Jane Clark - - - Brought over - - 9 m 9 - 50 236 *35 6,245; 1 IO —

Morris' % Annuity, valued at - 6,666 300 IO —

Total of the Considerations of the Conveyances - j* £ 6,966 10 —

THE PARCELS.

--- ~

the Royal Exchange.

A Messuage at the North Gate of the Exchange. A Messuage&t the South Part of the Exchange.

00

o

A Toft, where, before the Fire of stood'a Me£

fuage, called The Three Golden in Cornhill.

i*;

-a

si

L

o

r

N ——

V'

The Mercers Company, upon the Gift of Sir Thomas Dr.

1666. To Cash in the Company's Hands at the Fire of , as per fair Book of Account, audited 14th 1666 -

1671 to 1729. To the Company's Moiety o( Rents, received from the Tenants at the Royal Exchange, from the Time of opening the same after the Fire of London; viz. from Lady-day 1671, exclusive, to M 1749, iaclusive, N* B.

835, Fo. 21 - - ....

1671 to 1729. Tothe Moiety of Money received of and from the Exchange Tenants, for Fines and Alienations of their Shops; viz. from Lady-day 1671, to Michaelmas 1729, ijytlufive, N' B. 235, Fo. 30 ....

Received -Due to the Company to Balance

c

w

D

cq'

N

CD

CL

r

APPENDIX, No. 7.

£. /. d

234 18 2;

80,59a 5 — i

4.5*8 3 7

85.395 6 10 100,659 8 104

186,054 15 8*

Per Contra

Cr.

By One Year's Payment made by the Mercers Company, as per Sir Thomas Gresham' % Will By the Clerk, of the Committees, his Fee per Annum ——

By the Beadle, his Fee per Annum

By the Porter of Gresham College per Annum

£. s. d.

300 — —

12 10 8 11 10 — 10 — —

1671101730.

334 — 8

By 59 Years Payment thereof, viz* from Lady-day 1671 to Lady-day 1730 -

By Calli paid by the Company, their Moiety, for the purchasing Ground to enlarge the Exchange -By the Company's Moiety of Calli for rebuilding the Exchange, £. 29,481, as per Book of Particulars appears; which Money was mostly borrowed, before any Rent could be received; lo that the Money borrowed, from time to time, with Interest thereof, to pay the Uses by Sir Thomas Greshams Will, and other incident Charges* increased the Debt to the Sum of £. 49.985 as by the Renter Warden's t Book of Account, Anno 1698 and 1699, appears By One Year's Interest of £.49,985 due at Midsummer 1700 By 29 Years Interest thereof, due Midsummer 1729 By the Balance of Gresham fair Book, Anno 1698 and 1699, due to the Company, besides the Principal and Interest before-mentioned ——

By One Year's Interest of £.9,282 it 5! due at Midsummer 1700, being the Balance due to the Company, as per Gresham fair Book, 1698 and 1699 -

By 29 Year's Interest thereof, due Midsummer 1729 By Calli paid for Repairs of the Exchange and Gresham College, and for Tythes and other Parish Duties, as by the Account in the Book of extraordinary Payments, in Fol. 11a -

£. s. d,

*9»7°7 *9 4 3,508 15 6

49,985 — — *>499 S — 7*478 5 —

9,282 II 5£

464 2 — *3.458 18 —

14,669 19 5

186,054 15 8i

Oi

Crs

VJ*

21 GeO. II. 8° Mattii.

t

APPENDIX, N

D

<n\

i — ♦-

n

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

ft

The Mercers Company, upon the Gift of Sir 'Thomas Dr.

To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1730, as per the Account dated To 14 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1731,10 Michaelmas 1745, at £ 4 per Cent. ——

To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1731 -

To 13 Yeatsand £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1732, to Michaelmas 1745

To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1732

To 12 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1733, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1733 -

To 11 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1734, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1734 - - - - -

To 10 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1735, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1735 -

To 9 Years and Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1736^0 Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Years 1736, >737, and 1738 To 6 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1739, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1739 -

To 5 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1740, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1740 -

To 4 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1741, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Years 1741 and 1742 -

To 2 Years and £ Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1743, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Account for the Year 1743 -To 1 Year and I Interest thereof, from Lady-day 1744, to Michaelmas 1745 To the Balance of the Year 1744, and to Michaelmas 1745

Due to the Company to Balance

*0

n

z

O

x

£ s.

7 53 10 6*

436 *3 10

378 *3 9*

204 1 6

38* — ii

190 *9

633 3 7*

291 2 10:

203 12 i

85 4 6

552 3 2r

209 15 A z

*97 '3 I X

51 4 3*

385 H 6*

84 14 —

'S'1 15 rt>

*7 7 1!

123 19 ioi

12 -5 10

194 4*

1 I 12 9

229 12 ioi

5'"92 2 I

- 142,885 7 1

148,677 9 2

u*»

ov

o. 8.

Per Contra

Cr.

By Balance due to the Company, by the Account Hated in the Book marked N® B. 235 Fo. ——

By 72 Years and i Interest of £. 3,274 16 9 at £4. per Cent. vizK from Lady-day 1673, to Michaelmas 1745, being the Sum paid by the Company for purchasing Ground to enlarge the Royal , and for which no Interest is computed in the Account, in the Book marked N® B. 235 ——

By the Company's Moiety of the Charge of rebuilding the Royal Exchange, amounted to £. 29,481, as by Book of Particulars appears; which Money was mostly borrowed, from time to time, before any Rent could be received; so that the Money borrowed, from time to time, with the Interest thereof, to pay the Uses by Sir ‘Thomas Gresham % Will, and other incident Charges, increased the Debt to the Sum of £-49,985, as by the Renter Warden's Book of Account, Anno 1698 and 1699, appears.

By 16 Years and One Quarter's Interest of the said £.49,985, at £.4 per Cent. viz. from Midsummer 1729, to Michaelmas 1745 By 16 Years and One Quarter's Interest of £.9,282 nr. at £.4 per Cent, from Midsummer 1729, to Michaelmas 1745, being the Balance due to the Company by the Gresham fair Book, Anno 1698 and 1699, besides the principal Sum before-mentioned -

s.

d.

100,659 8 io£

9»494 9 7

OO

I'

3 *>49° 5 —

6.033 m CO

148,677 9

► — t ^>1

21 Geo. II. 8° Marl'd. 555

APPENDIX, N* 9.

An ACCOUNT of Money-Legacies left by (undry Benefactors to the Mercers Company, shewing the Benefactors Names, the Sums they left, and the annual Payments to be made for the fame, with References to the Folios in the Leidger.

i|42. Mar 10th.

1538, Oflob 2d.

>557* H 7*

1563, September 1 ft.

1508, September 3d. 1570, September 29. Eliz.

1586, April 24.

94 Eliz. OSio ift.

*673> September 8.

1579, Mar. nth.

1579, Mar. 11,

1582, Mar. 15th. 1525, Mar. 21.

1582, June jft.

1592, Aug 22d. 1584, September 25th-

Vol. 25.

Alderman Dauntfey -

To pay to St.Laurence'$ Parish

- St. Ant holm's Parish

Nicholas Slot ham -

To pay to St. Bartholomew's Hospital John Marsh -

To pay to Uxbridge

Marshalsea Prison -King's-Bench Prison Lu Jgate Newgate

Wood-street Compter Poultry Compter -St. Laurence's Parish The V\ ardens of the Company, 7 is. 6 d.each - - j

- The Beadle of the Company -

Alderman Bajkerfield ..

To pay to Whittingtons Alms People

- St. Lawrence, Jewry

- Milk-street Parish -

- - St.Michael Bajingshaw -

- -St. Peter's Cheap

Dere id Appowell -

To pay to St. Lawrence's Parish Alice Blundell - -

To pay to St. Lawrence's Parish Sir Thomas Leigh -

To pay towards the repairs of Mercers Chapel Peter Symondt -

To pay to AllhallowsLombard-street

- Winchester Poor -

- For Bread to be distributed at

Mercers Hal!, and several Prisons

- - To the C.crk of the Company -

Sir Thomas Rivett -

To pay to St. Margaret's, Lothbury

- Chippenham, Cambridgeshire

Sir Roger Martin -

To pay to Ludgate

- Newgate

- Wood-street Compter

- - - Poultry Compter -

Alderman llydon

To pay to St. Michael, Royal

- Whittingtons Alms People

- Woodbury , Devonshire

Alderman Heydon - -

To pay to St. Martin, Vintry

- - - St. Michael, Pater-ncsler Royal

- - -ST. James, Carlick-hith -

-St. Thomas Apcftle's Robert Hi .'foil ——

To pay to St. Michael, Crooked-lane

- Christ hospital -

Sir Lionell Duckett -

To pay to Milk street Parish -

- St Laurence's Parish

- St. Peter s. Cheap Sir William Damzetl

To pay Two poor Widows of the Company } each, 2100 - - - - J

Alderman Elkin -

To pay to Whittington's Alms People Martha Barrett -

To pay to 5/. Michael Royal

-St. Martin, Vintry

-St. Sepulchre's -

- - To a Student in Magdalen College,

Oxford — -

m ob I. d. 200 £ r. </.

158 - 1 10 —

217 m m 333 6 8 2 10 —

37 aoo — — 16 13 4

161 568

162 I

163 - I

164

165 — 10 —

166 - — 5 —

167 a m — 5 —

*58 >9. 22°»? 21, 222,5 - — *5 — — 10 —

228 *53 a a* 200 — — 3 4 2 10 —

15* - 2 10 —

158 - 5 —

216 Ate 2 10 —

218 IOO 1 5 —

158 IOO 5 — —

a NO Vn 00 IOO — — 2 12 —

400 — — 4

45 m a 328

4 4 2 —

45 *24 Ate 200 2 10 — — 3 4

3* m 2 12 —

39 200 — 2 12 r —

11 - 2

12 2 — —

13 2 — -r-

14 JOO — 2 — —

17 m mm 2 12

18 - 368

*9 300 3 6 8

20 - 3 —

21 - 3

22

23 266 13 4 2 "

9 ... 212 —

43 200 — - 10 14 8

158 . 244

*58 - 248

160 PI 24O — 200 — f — 2 4 4 5

138 200 5 4 —

31 — 16 8

— its 8

33 m 1 13 4

34 s 1601, De*

Mercer* ' Company.

Mfreers Company.

556 8°

1601, Decemb 2d.

1600, October 26.

7th FVi. 39 £/«.

t ith 1579.

1602, M 1 ft. 1608, July 16.

NoDate to the Clause in this Will. 1630, May 20th.

D\

NoDateto the Clause of this Will.

1630, Aug lft.

1637, May lft.

1630, April 20th.

D*.

1647, Feb. 4.

1647, Mar. 6the

NoDate to the Clause7 of this Will. 3

No Date to the Clause7 of this Will. 3

11

No D % te to the Clause 7 of this Will. 3

The Clause of this") Will not registered. )

The Clause of this-) Will not registered. 3 D".

ijoi, June the 30th.

.-/'i

Edward Berkley - m

To pay to Whittington's Alms People 138

George Berkbeck ----- T® be distributed to the Poor of the Company in Coals ----- 171

Richard Barnes -

To pay to St. Giles's, Cripplegate -- - - Whittington's Alms People 40

138

- - - Renter Warden of the Company 222

- - - Clerk of the Company - 224

Alderman Hey den - -

To pay to St. Michael Royal Le&urer 16

Bartholomew Barnes -

To pay to Christ Hospital - - - 10

Alderman Walthall -

To pay to Christ Hospital - - - 43

- - - Poor Scholars - 44

' 219

- - - Matter and Wardens of the 220

Company ----- < ► 221

l 222 ,

Frances Clark ——

To pay to the Poultry Compter 41

John Banks -

To pay to St. Michael Parish - 2I5

John Banks ——

For Maintenance of Sermons 211

William Ferrers -

To pay to Christ Hospital - 90

- - - To the House and Renter \ r 221

Wardens -j [ 222 3

- - - The Clerk - - - - 224

Giles Martin ——

To pay to Yarcomb, in Devonshire - 88

- - - Mamhead, D* 89

Robert Gibson- ----- To pay to Kirk heat on and Huddersfield, in

Yorkshire -

Alderman Perry -

To pay to St. Bartholomew's Lecturer 92

- - - D° Clerk and Sexton - 93

Alderman Perry - -

To pay St. Ant holin's Lecturers 94

Samuel Goldsmith - - - m

To pay to Whittington's Alms People 96

Edward Cropley - - - " - m

To be d i ftri buted to the Poorof the Company Lady Viscountess Dowager for the lot

Purchase of Impropriation -

Paid Grantham Lecturer - - - 97

- Wakefield Lecturer - - - 99

Ann Duckett ----- - To pay to Six poor Widows of St. Giles, Cripplegate' - - - - -- - - Four poor Widows of the V

Company - - - To the Wardens 102

Thomas Rich ----- - To pay to the Clerk and Register of the

Company - - - 224

- - - - To the Beadle - 23 0

Peter Birkenhead - - For Two Sermons yearly, viz. the 30th of - m

January, and 29th of May 120

To the Clerk - 226

- - the Beadle and Chapel Keeper - 236

'Thomas Langham Esquire - -

To pay to the Poor of Clapham 12 I

Sir Edward Defibouverie -

To pay to the Poor of the Company 122

Thomas Papillon Esquire - - - -To pay such Relief to any Person or Persons, lineally defeended from him, as shall be in Want, as the Company shall find convenient. m m

666 13 4

A. 1747.

£. s. <L 10 8 —

50 ——

133 6 8

400 ——

300 -

500 -- —

400

100

200

m

200

375

5°

270

200

100

200

3,100

500

100 — —

150 ——

400

100

1,000

2 10 —

2198 2 12 —

— 5 —

— 34

13 6 8

10-----

10 —

9 -

10 -

2 13 4

6 ——

6 ——

— 10 —

— 34

10 -

5 -

2 10 — 12 -

6 -

75 ——

75 ——

3 4

— 10 —

— 10 —

— 68

n — —

By

2i Geo. II.

8° Martii.

By Indenture, dated 1 $n, June30 -j

s

1717, October 26, and

Indenture, dated

1721. Ma 2*.

The Clause of this? Will not registered)

D\

By Indenture, dated? 2d March 1523. J

John Allen

To pay to St. Nicholas Aeon

- - - Milk-street Parish -

- - - St. Bennett Fink -

- - IVhiliingtoti % Alms People

Daniel West hall - *

To maintain Two Sermons in thtChristmas Holidays - -

Lady Jane Mico -

To pay Ten poor Widows of London £.$ per Annum each -

- - - The Clerk of the Company

- - - Ground-Kent, Repairs, and

other Charges -Francis Flayer's Gift of

For the Maintenance of 7 16 o }

to the Poor of Brent Pelham, in Hert- f fordshire; which, at 30 Years Purchase, X amounts to - - - - -J

Lady Bradbury

To pay to St. Stephen,

Issuing out of Lands in Westminster, £ which the Companyhave not received in the Memory of any Man living.

Benefactors Gifts to the Mailer of the Company. Of Sir Richard Haddon - -

Margaret Reynolds - - - 5

Benefactors Gifts to the Surveyor Warden.

Sir Richard Haddon Margarett Reynolds Lady Bradbury -

Benefactors Gifts to the House Warden.

John Banks -

Sir Richard Haddon Margaret Reynolds Lady Bradbury -

Mr Bajkerfield - -

Benefactors Gifts to the Renter Warden. Mr. Banks -Sir Richard Haddon Margaret Reynolds Lady Bradbury - Mr. Bajkerfield -Sir Lionel Duckett -Benefactors Gifts to the Clerk.

Mr. Berkenhead -Sir Riehard Haddon Margaret Reynolds - -

Lady Bradbury -

Sir John Allen - Mr. Appowel - Mr. Bajkerfield - Mr. Berkley -Benefactors Gifts to the Beadle.

Alderman Heydon - - «

Total Amount is carried to Fol. 10

557

Vol. 3$.

At*

Mercers

Company.

558 8* Martii. A. 1747.

An ACCOUNT of Money-Legacies left fey sundry Benefactors to the Mercers Company, {hewing the Benefactors Names, the Sums they left, as by the Account of Benefactors Gifts to the said Company, in their Leidger of Receipts, Fol. marked X will appear.

1545, Septetnber 7th. Sir Michael Dormer, at 20 d.per , for every £. 50. to £ £ s. d.

the Clerk of the Company - 200 — — 6 8

k 5 8 4, December 1 ft-. Mr. Culverwell, for a young Man trading to

zratis - 50

1600, September 2d. Margaret Sharles, to be lent to Five young Men, gratis - 100 — —

No Date to the Clause 1 of this Will- -/ Mary Robinson, for Four young Men, gratis - 200

1592, August4th. William Quarles, for Two young Men,jTa//j - IOO

1623, December 16. Alderman Holiday, for Two young Men, gratis 200

1625, Mar. 30. Richard Fishborne, for Five young Men, gratis 1,000 - —

No Date to the Clause^ Alderman Poole, for Two young Men, gratis, for Four

of this Will- -5 Years ----- --- IOO —

the Willnotregistered. Ralph Stint, to be let out at £. 5 per Cent, for those of the

Livery of the Company, that go yearly as benevolent

Guest to the Lord Mayor and both the Sheriffs 95 400 — — 4d ——

No Date to die Clause} John Dikketl, whereof £. too to be let out to One young

of this Will - -j Man, grata, and the other to Two young Men,

gratis- - - 200 —

D*. Lady Viscountess Dowager for Eight young

Men, gratis, for Four Years - 1,000

D*. More of her Gift in regard of the Company's Accep-

tance of the Trust repo fed in them by her Will 300 —: —

D*. Edmund Sleigh, Alderman, for a young Mao, gratis too

*663, September 25. Sir Saouul Mico, for Five young Men, , for Three

Tears - - i s°°

i ' 4*450 — j 20 6 8

Brought from FoL 8 16,^49 5 9 5 53 *0

v> Total of Money-Legacies and annual Payments - £. 4* 8BBBB z*>°99 5 9 sn *7 4

APPENDIX, Ifia

A RENTAL of the Meroafe Company's dates in the House Account, omit tathe Widows Settlement and the Charities payable thereout.

Alderman Heydm's Gift, as par his Will:

Die Eleven chief Companies bay the Metcers Company £. 3. 6. 8. per each, which is - f -

To piySr. Bartholomew's Halpital

1 -

-' - - Newgate

w - Jjedgute - -.-1 - -

- PeMlttj Compter - i -

- - - Woad-street -

*" - - -The Wardens of the Menca* Company »- -

- - -ThteOfficmof theiibaipany ——

The '^LsAk&.Natihau^teiis Gift:

Fiyabte by Trinity Hospitai in Greenwich, to the Company, fix their Trouble, as Governors thereof ——

The Lord Compdeu's Gift:

Adam AJkew, for the Tythes of Woodhorn, in about -

To pay Four Scholars that go from PauTs School to the Uaiverfity, £. to each -Lands purchased with Part of Mr. Fijkbanre's Legacy: £. r. d.

Wm. IVebb for Land at Chalgrave - - - -210* —

Thomas Olney - - - D* - - - - -10 — —

John Cooper - - - D* about - - - -171a —

Matthew Olney, for Rent Charges and free Rents, D* - - -1567

Edmund Botsford - - D* about.....240 — - —

To pay poor Mercers -

- - St.Bartholomew's LeChirer about

- - - D* - - - - Poor about -

« - - Huntington Poor about

- - - D* - - Lecturer about

- - - Preachers in Mercers Chapel about

React.

c

36 «J

d.

4

6 8

49 to —

285 8 7

Payments.

£. s

*3 4

6 «3 4

6 *3 4

5 -

J ——

4 ——

— i* —

— 1 4

40 -

5° — 20 —

16 —

22 --

*7

To

21 Geo. II.

8° Martii.

To pay a Year's Certainty - -

- - Company's Chaplain ——

- - Clerk of the Chapel ——

- - Chapel Keeper ——

- - Second Warden -

- - Clerk of the Company -

- - Bread, Wine, and Firing, for Entertainment of the'Preachers

- - For a Dinner per Annum ——

- - The Bailiff at Chalgrave ——

225 8 8£

Besides Damage by Fire.

Richard Colly er's Gift of Ground in Cheapside:

William Ashurst ——

Mr. John Banks's Gift of an Estate at Holloway, in the Parish of St. Islington, in

the County of Middlesex:

John Smith ——

To pay for 7 Sermons in the Chapel, viz. , Midsummer-day, and the

4 Quarter-Days of the Company, and Day of Confirmation of New Wardens, at 12 s. each Sermon ——

To Christ Hospital ——

To the Renter Warden of the Company ——

Clerk.....,....

Beadle -

Company's Chaplain ——

Barber Surgeons Company, and their Clerk -

For a View Dinner once in 3 or Years ——

Chapel Keeper ——

To the Cirapel Clerk ——

Mr. Rich's Gift of Ground and Houses at West-Ham and St. Mary Ax:

C: trie I Appleby ——

Edward Browne Esquire - - - - -_

To pay the Mailer of Mercer's School -To the Poor of Lambeth ——

Mercers Company ——

s.

d.

nzz}

Christ Hospital

To a poor Scholar sent by the Company from their School ta the University -To the Clerk of the Company -

To the Beadle ——

Mr. John Rand's Gift of a Moiety of Three Houses in for the discharging

Prisoners out of Ludgate and the Two Compters:

Mary Langley, for the Moiety of the Rent of One House there about £. s. d. per Annum - - - 7 19 —

John AI cock - - - - D* - - - 9 ——

Samuel Burch - - - - D* - - - - 10 — — -

Renti.

s.

90 ——

14 ——

tl ——

To pay the Wardens £.\each - -

The rest to be distributed for releasing of Prisoners -Sir Thomas Bennett's Gift:

Wm. Taylor, for the Tythes of Kirton in -

To pay a Quit-Rent of -

To ff allingford ——

—— Prisoners ——

— Poor ——

— - Company ——

— Christ Hospital ——

— Poor Mercers -

— Warden....

— Clerk - ....

— Beadle - - -....

149 10 —

Note. This Charity falls short every Year, and the several Places and Persons above-mentioned abate in Proportion.

John Bowles, for the Chapel Porch ——

The Mercers Company's Hall and Chapel produce no Rent.

The Company's Barge-House at Vauxhall, which pays no Rent to the Company.

Other Charities, isV. payable out of the Manor of Chalgrave:

To the Livery of the Company for a Dinner ——

To Four poor Scholars ——

To Four other poor Scholars ——

To the Poor of Harrow on the Hill ——

To the Poor of St. Martin Outwieh ——

To the Poor of Hackney -

To the Beadle or Officer of the Company - -

To the Poor of St. Antholin's - -

26 19 —

120 — —

16 — —

669 17 7612 7

559

Payments.

I-

s. d. 1 — i *3 4

*3 4

5

1

2

3 -

21 — —

4 — —

7 *4

— 10 —

— 3

— 6

4

8

— 6 S

3 ——

3 ——

9 ——

9 ——

» 3 4

— 10 —

4 —

22 19

29 — 29 — 24 —

*4 — 20 — 20 — 20 — I —

— IO

Vol. 25.

Note,

Mercers

Company.

0 Martii.

A. 1747.

Note, The Hall is taxed at £. 342 a Year, the Poor's Rate is upwards of £.45, besides other Ward and Pafilh Taxes; which will make the Payments more than the Produce of the Estates, besides Repairs for the Hall and Chapel from time to time.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayftr, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in Common-Council assembled.

Offices and A Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qua-Empiojmcnis. jjfy themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read a Second time.

jRefolved, That the Bill be committed.

ReJ'o/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon , the said Bill.

Committees. Or dered, That all Committees be revived.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Army; The House Yefolved itself into a Committee of the Mutiny and wh0]e House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and* e ertion. jyefertjott . an(] for the betfer Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had gone through tbf Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 9* die Martii;

Anno 21* Georgii II. Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

Collection of rl 1 HE House being informed, That some of the Duties on JL Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door j House j, &c. They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, a Copy of the Report made by the Commissioners for Taxes, to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, relating to the Difficulties and Obstructions which have attended the Collodion of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights.

And then they withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

The laid Copy is as followeth;

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury;

May it please your Lordships,

We have, in Obedience to your Lordships Commands, considered the present State of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, according to the Assessments returned to us by the several Surveyors throughout the Kingdom; and have hereunto subjoined an Account of the Manner of assessing, charging, and discharging, the fame, collected from the Letters and Accounts which have been transmitted to us by the Surveyors of these Duties.

We beg Leave to observe, it will appear by these Accounts, That many of the Windows or Lights in Dwelling-houses, and in some Place whole Houses, have been discharged or excused from paying to the said Rates and Duties chargeable by the present A.

And from our having been frequently acquainted by several of the Commissioners of the Land Tax, and many of our Officers, upon their attending the Commissioners, that they did not think themselves authorized by the Powers given by the Act:, as it now stands, to order the Assessments to be made according to the Instructions given by us to the Surveyors, as not thinking the Act sufficiently clear and explicit to justify them in the Execution of it, in consequence of such Interpretation; which, together with the Surveyors not being permitted in some Places to do their Duty, and the Methods which have been universally practised in Hopping up Windows or Lights, to evade the Payment of the Duties granted by the Act, have, in our humble Opinion, made it necessary to have the said Act explained.

We therefore humbly presume, that, in order to remedy these Inconveniencies, it will be proper to have a Regulation of the Act, as it now stands (which we are also advised to by his Majesty's Counsel, learned in the Law) and to add some further Clauses to enforce the Execution thereof, which have been prepared by us, and perused and amended by the Attorney and Solicitor-General, and are now put into the Form of a Bill, which we most humbly submit to your Lordships Consideration.

We further beg Leave to acquaint your Lordships, That upon the Representations made to us by the Receiver-General and the Surveyors-General of the Duties on Windows in Scotland (which have been laid before your Lordships) that many great Difficulties, Inconveniencies, and Obstructions, do attend the Execution of this Act, arising, among other Circumstances, from the Difference of the Law's and Customs of that Country and those of England, which make it impracticable to put the Law in Force as it now stands; we are humbly of Opinion, it will- be necessary that the Part of the Act relating to Scotland be also explained and amended.

We are also humbly of Opinion, That, if the Duty of Six Pence per Window or Light was laid upon all Houses having under Seven Windows or Lights, instead of under Ten, as it now stands, this Revenue would not only be increased, but the Tax would be more equal.

Upon the Whole, as this Duty is charged by former Acts of Parliament with the annual Sum of £.9,485 o 6| due to the Aggregate Fund; and as it appears to us, by the Returns of the Assessments made in the several Districts of this Kingdom, that the annual Amount of this Duty will not exceed the Sum of ,£.200,000, there will only remain the Sum of £.109,000 towards satisfying -the Interest- due upon the Annuities bearing £.4 per Cent. Interest, granted the last Session of Parliament upon the Sum of £.4,400,000, w'hich amounts to £.176,000.

The Manner of charging and discharging the Duties on Houses, &V. in the several Counties in England and Wales?

In general, throughout the Kingdom, all Offices and Outhouses whatsoever, adjoining, or not, to the Dwelling-house, either have not-been charged by the Assessors, or have been discharged by the Commissioners, upon Appeals; although there have been some Instances, where Offices that communicated with the Dwelling-house, or which had Lodging-rooms in them, were allowed to be charged.

In many Places, Window's in Stair-cases, Cellars, Garrets, or over Doors, though in the main or Dwelling-house, together with all Lights not glazed, have been discharged.

In some Places, Persons appealing as Poor, though they lived in their own Houses, or in other Houses which paid to the Church and Poor, as also if they rented under Forty Shillings per Annum, or would swear they were not worth Forty Pounds, have been discharged, at the Appeals.

Some Persons inhabiting Houses, which do not pay to Church and Poor, have been excused, though the said Persons have been reputed to be worth Two or Three hundred Pounds.

Rooms

C '

II

Geo. II.

Rooms in the Dwelling-house, where a few Sacks of Corn, or a little Lumber, has been laid, have been difo... charged, under the Name of Warehouses or Granaries.

In some Parts, Inhabitants of Freehold Houses, who rent small Parcels of Land (the Taxes of such Land being paid by the Landlord) have been exculed from paying these Duties, upon a Parish-Officer's alleging them to be poor.

Some Houses which arc built upon waste Ground, though inhabited by People of Ability, have been discharged.

Divers other Persons, though able to pay, have be^n excused, because their Names were not in the Church or: Poor's Books.

And in most Places, where the Surveyors have made Surcharges upon the Assessors Charge, the same have been (truck off by the Commissioners.

Some of the Surveyors have not been allowed to see the Assessors Books; and others not permitted to pals through the Houses, to number the Windows or Lights, as the Act empowers and enjoins them to do, but were threatened at the Peril of their Lives if they attempted it.

The- general Practice of (topping up Windows and Lights hath likewise been of the greatest Prejudice to this Revenue, as the same hath been done only with lool'c Bricks or Boards, which may be removed at Pleasure, or with Mud, Cow-dung, Mortar, and Reeds, on the Out-fide, which are soon washed off with a Shower of Rain, or with Paper or Pasteboard on the Inside, to evade the Payment of these Duties.

All which we most humbly submit to your Lordships.

Office for Taxes, '

T , n Jo. Ruharden,

Marti I ft, 1747. R^.TalbJ.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Petitions

respe^ing

Buckingham

Assizes.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham: and al lb,

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham; and also,

A Petition of the Clergy and Freeholders of the County of Buckingham i and also,

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, arid other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham; and also.

9*MaftiiH

% v r *y -f*, - ./*./ °

A Petition of the G^ry^ smd

other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham} and,

also, .....,; bi-.r

Another Petition of the Gentry, Cl«gy, Fr^ehpjdefs,; and other Inhabitants^ of jthf CJounty'-of Bwfa‘g/iWb/ and also, , ,1,. v /;r:ot

A Petition of the Gentry and Freehold's pf£tie' County of Buckingham-, and also, . ..of . , J i. , <;|) ,|

Another Petition of the Gentry and F.fe^olde1^ 9fit the County Buckingham-, and also,... < .< jud A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy*, Freeh^dersi pn$j otjier Inhabitants, of the County pjf BucfcingJ^m^ and[ also, \ 'tI

Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County oft Buckingham -, j and also,; '

Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders,! and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham; and also,

Another Petition of the Gentry,- Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of and also, . -

Another Petition of the Gentry* Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham and also,

Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and ot, her Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham; Were (everally presented to the House, and read* ieve-rally setting forth. That it hath been usual, for a considerable Number of Years together, in the Admini. (Iration of Justice to his Majesty's Subjects residing at the different Ends of the County of which isofgreat Length, tohold the Summer Assizes at the County Town of Buckingham, and the Winter Assizes at Aylesbury-, and that this Regulation, which hath by Experience appeared to be reasonable and equitable, was broken in upon in the lad Summer, without any previous Application froni any Part of the County for that Purpose, to the Knowledge of the Petitioners: And therefore expressing their Hope, that the House will pass the Bill now depending in Parliament, as it will greatly tend to preserve the Peace and Quiet of the County, and restore the Course of Justice to its former Channel.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the

Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, County of Buckingham was presented to the House, and and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham; read} representing to the House, That very great Incon-and also, venience will be brought upon such of the Inhabitants of

Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, the said County as are by Law obliged to attend the and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham-, Assizes, in case the Bill now depending in the House, that and also, the Summer Assizes shall always be held in the Town of

A Petition of the Gentry, Ereeholders, and other In- Buckingham, should pass into a Law: And further reprehabitants, of the County of Buckingham -, and also, fenting to the House, That of late the Summer Assizes

Another Petition of the Gentry, Ereeholders, and other have been held at the Town of Buckingham; and that. Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham -, and also, from the Inconvenience the Petitioners have found from Another Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and other that Experience, they apprehend the like Hard ships for Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham-, and also, the future: That the Distance of the Town of

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of ham from the greatest and most populous Part of the the County of Buckingham -, and also, County makes the holding the Assizes there less commo-

A Petition of the Gentry and Freeholders of the County dious than in any other Place nearer the Centre of the of Buckingham; and also. County; and that the removing Criminals from the Coun-

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and other In- ty Gaol, which by Act of Parliament is fixed at habitants, of the County of Buckingham -, and also, in order to take their Tryals at a distant Place, and such

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of Prisoners for Debt as may be called to the Assizes (for the the County of Buckinghamj and also, safe Custody of whom the Sheriff is responsible to their

Another Petition of the Centry, Clergy, and Free- Creditors) is attended with great Expence, and subject to

holders, of the County of Buckingham-, and also,

A Petition of the Gentry, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Buckingham; and also.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of Assizes ought to beconstantly held at Aylesbury-, since it

the County of Buckingham -, and also,

Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham} and also. Another Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Buckingham and also,

Vol. 25.

Buckingham

Assizes.

great Hazard} and that the Petitioners apprehend, that no Town can by Law claim aCustom to have the Assizesheld within themselves} but that, if Custom is to prevail, the

appears to the Petitioners, from the Usage of the County for Sixty Years together, that the Winter Assizes have always, and the Summer-Assizes have been most commonly, held at Aylesbury: That the Petitioners cannot "but be extremely affected and concerned to find, that the re-

7 D storing

Paptts'

Elfetcs.

Bury St. Edmunds Poor and Streets.

9* M*rtii.

4- f747-

storingtue Summer Assizes last Year to Aylesbury, which the Petitioners apprehend to have been proper' and ne-ceflhry, and much to the Ease and Satisfaction t)f the said County* thou Id have bepn rjepresented as breaking in'upona Regulation invariablypOrfued for many Years; whereas thbugh the Petitioners do admit, that, for Rea-fons very well, known in this County, the Town of Buck-ingkamhzs been favoured with the Assizes for some Years past, yet the Petitioners know that this was not done by the Content, or with the Approbation, of the County, but was always thought a great Hardship; and expressing the Hope or the Petitioners, that what was felt as an heavy Oppression while it was temporary, will not be made perpetual by a Law: And therefore praying. That the Bill may not pass into a Law; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and may be permitted to prove the Matters alleged in this Petition, at the Bar of this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Gray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Proby presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for erecting Work-houses for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury St.

Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk: and for the better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

tition of several Persons, whose Naples ^re thereunto subscribed. Apothecaries of the Cities of niinster, on behalf of themselves, and all o ther the ^egulay Apothecaries of the said Cities, apd Suburbs thereo/; iyas referred, be received.

Mr. Cornewall presented to the House, according to Infohrent

Order, a Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors: And Debtors, the same was received.

An ingrafted Bill to confirm and establish an Agree- Drypwl ment for inclosing and dividing a large open common Indofur*. Failure Ground called Somergangs, otherwise Somergams, in the Parish of Dryfool, in the County of Pork, was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titk; be, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing a large open common Pallure (jrouncf called Somergangs, otherwise the

Parish of Drypool, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Barbordo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Punishment for the more effectual Tryal and Punishment of High of Treasonin Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the High-lands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Practice of '

taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute; and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First: time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Examining A Petition of Joshua Ward Esquire, was presented to Drugs,&c. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, for about Fifteen Years last past, has almoll wholly been employed in relieving and curing poor Persons of divers grievous and loathsome Diseases, by certain chemical Preparations of his own Invention; during which Space of Time he has seldom had less than Two thousand Patients of this Sort conllantly under his Care, at his own Expence, many of which had been discharged from the Hospitals of London and Westminster as Incurables; and, of these, not left than Three hundred Soldiers at a time; the greatest Part of which Objects of Compassion has been perfectly Cured of their respective Maladies; and others recovered in such a manner, that they were made capable of following their Bufinest, so as to become useful Members of the Community; and that, as this Fad is most notorious, the Petitioner makes no Doubt but many Persons of high Rank, and the Officers of the several Regiments to which such Soldiers did belong, would readily attest the fame: That an Employment of this Kind, as it reflects the highest Pleasure and Satisfaction to the Petitioner, so it is of the greatest Benefit to the Publick, and the Petitioner makes no Doubt of his being intitled to the Protection and Encouragement of this House; but that it. is with the utmost Concern he finds himself under a Necessity to represent, that he is apprehensive, that, if the late Application of the Apothecaries of London to this House, in order to confine the making up and dispensing medicinal Preparations to Apothecaries only* should meet with Success, it would hinder the Petitioner from preparing those chemical Medicines which have been so very beneficial to Mankind, and deprive him of exercising that ipost excellent Gift of Charity which has lately appeared to be not only so much the Favourite of thele Days, by the EreCling of many Hospitals for Purposes of this Sort, but has always been protected and encouraged by the Legislature of Great Britain: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and make such Provision for the Publick and the Petitioner, as to the House shallfecm meet.

Ordered, That the said Pet ition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Co mmittee, to whom the Be-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Distnring amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the the High-19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for retraining the Use of the Highland Drest; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, (or not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Mailers and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains,

Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government: And that Mr. Attorney General and Mr. Solicitor General to prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being rCad, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to «nd Mean*, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Buckingham Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for bold- Assizes. ing the Summer Assizes, for the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of Buckingham.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr.

a i Gjeo. II. 9^10 0 M563

Mr. Thomas Gore topic the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

)ffico tnd The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Kntau* whole House upon the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone thfoqgh the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, io° die Mar tit;

Anno 2i° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

Infotvent \ BILL for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read Debtors. 'jt\ the First time.

Resolveed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Office* ami Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the EmP1°y* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bjll; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Soothwark Mr. Belchier presented to the House, according to Order,

Small Debts. a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the several Parishes of St. , St. Mary at

ton, St. Mary Magdalen Christ-ChurchSt.

Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rot her hit h, in the County of Surrey, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the lame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Army; Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported Mutiny and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Desertion. Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by Vol. «5*

one; and, upon the Qqeftioa feverglfy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Account of before this House, an Account of the Gross and Net ^u^*ti°B Produce of the several Duties on Spirits extracted from Pin* Malt or Corn, for Eight Years pall, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Quantities of such Spirits paying the said Duties in each Tear, during the same Time.

Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported, fpm Buck,nRham the Committee of the whole ^Ipufe, to whom the Bill for A®"* holding the Summer Assizes, For the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of Buckingham, was committed, the Amendments which Jhe Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the High Sheriff and' Grand Jury of Ditto, the County of Buckingham, who have petitioned this House against the said Bill, be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, at the Third Reading thereof, if the said Petitioners think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Relief of House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 9^f,han*an/ House, to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, the CU^of Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, in London. Common-Council assembled;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report made by a Committee of Aldermen to the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, the 21st Day of July last, of the State of the Revenue belonging to the said City and Orphans Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Funds granted to the City of London by an Act, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, passed in the Fifth Year of King William and Queen , to Midsummer 1747, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Amount of the now capital Debt due to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, as it was settled and adjusted pursuant to the Act, passed in the Fifth Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the- City of London, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refohred itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dvfplin reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

564 i i° — i4° Martii. A, 1747*

r7 ... j, jfc Orders of Episcopal Ministers inand to oblige

r UtlCnsj l I «/£ Marta\ the Directors of the Banks of Scotland,' and Persons

Anno ai° Georgii JI" Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

Office* and A N ingrossed Bill to indemnify Persons who have Ejbcm7* om*ttec* to qualify themselves for Offices and

Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to . qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Earl Brooke* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E Bates. for vesting the settled Estate of the Right Honourable

Frauds Earl Brooke, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Bouverie, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Edwin, Lord Dterhurst, Lord Lord,

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Bayntun, Sir fames Lowlher, Mr. Yorke,

Sir IVm. Tonge, Sir WimIrby, Lord Parker, the Earl Verney, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Lord Petersham, Mr.

Mr. Churchill, Sir Conyers Mr. Villiers, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Pitt, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Syden-

ham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hamilton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Tuck-held, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Anson, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Mr. Vaughau,

Mr. Great heed, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, M Sir Nathanael Curzon; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Southampton and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Westbury Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Election. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, be received " upon Wednesday Morning next.

Linlithgow, Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ac. Election. pr ivileges and Elections, touching the Election for the District of Burghs of Linlithgow, Selkirk, Lanerk, and Peebles, be received upon JV‘sdnesday Morning next.

allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths tb the Government: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved. That the Copy of the Report Dude* on made by the Commissioners for Taxes, to the Lords Housea, 4c. Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, relating to the Difficulties and Obstructions which have attended the Collection of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates and Duties:

And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon Naval Court* Courts Martial in the Sea Service, was, according to MartiaL Order, read a Second time.

Resolved That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- ^avt Jni night, resolve itself intQ a Committee of the whole Meant. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

t

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Debtors' A Petition of the Poor Prisoners now in Custody in his Petition. Majesty's Gaol for the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read j complaining of their Distress; And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Difarmin Mr. Attorney-General prei*nted to the House, accord-

the High ing Order, a Bill to amend, and render more effectual, land! &c.COt" an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further-indemnifying such Persons as haveafted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Matters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of

Lunce> 14® die Mar tii;

Anno 2t* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lingen'i to enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lin- Name. gen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname of Burton only, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Burton Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Ridley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Thomas Egerton, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Laroche, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Best, Mr. Thornhagh, Colonel Stan-wix. Admiral Vernon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mathews, Mr.

Wilson, Mr. Grealheed, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Sir John Cust, Mr. Scot, Mr. Win General Oglethorpe, Mr. Anson, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

' Yorke, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Jtnyns,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gore, Mr. Beckford, Mr. Turner, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Harley,

Mr. Gray, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Pytts, Sir Nathanael Mr. Palmer,

o. \ Geo. II.

14* Mar tit.

5

Mr. Bekhan, Sir John Aflley, Mr. Mr. vjcII; and all the Members who lerve lor the Counties of Salop, Hereford, and GiotueJLr: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wolverhampton, ire. Roark.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Thurston t

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for torrl impowering Granville Leveson Gower, commonly called Treutham'a Lord 7 to raise Portions for younger Children;

Sir Richard IVrolteflcy presented to the House, accord- and also to explain and amend certain Powers for making ing to Order, a Bill for repairing and amending the Roads Jointures in the Settlement made on his Marriage with from the End of a lane adjoining to a Common called Elizabeth his late Wife: To which the Lords dertre the Sutton Coldfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County Concurrence of this House: And also, of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Mott-house, and through Wood-end Lane, to the Town vesting the lettled Estate late of the Honourable Robert of I Fa'fall: and from Sneafs Green, through Peak-house Byng Esquire, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the Lane, to Waljallaforesaid; and from Walfallthrough the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for Towns of Willinhall and Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Purposes

Lane, leading from Billion to the Town of Wolverhampton, therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con-and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to currence of this House.

Bjrng'a

Estate.

the End of the County of Stafford, leading to in the County of Salop; and from Wolverhampton, through Tettenhal!, to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, in

the said County of Salop; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newportand from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the Mefl*engers withdrew.

A Petition of Lancelot Allgood Esquire was presented Northumber*

MLnef-

bo^jhk

to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 18 th Day of February last, the Election came on for a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland, in the room of John Fenwick Esquire, deceased; and that the Right Honourable Charles Bennett Esquire, commonly called Lord Offulftone, and the Petitioner, were Candidates at the said Election: That A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Nicholas Brown Esquire, who was well known to be par-Thurston: ticulariy attached to the Interest of the Earl of Tankerville,

Mr. Speaker, Lieutenant of the said County, and his Family, was ap-

The Lords have parted a Bill, intituled, An Act for pointed Sheriff of the said County after the Death of the inrolling the Will of George late Lord Viscount Lane/bo- laid Mr.; and that the said Mr. , before

rough, in the Kingdom ol Ireland, and making the Ex- the said Election, and even before he was appointed the emplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Sheriff, was pleased to declare his Resolutions to return

African

Trade.

Britain and Ireland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The lard Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Merchants of and others,

the said Lord Offulftone, at the said Election, at all Events, or to that Effect: That the said Sheriff proceeded at the said Elfftion with the utmost Partiality against the Petitioner; and that the Poll taken at the said Election was closed on Wednesday the 24th Day of the same,

before Four o'Clock in the Afternoon; at which time, notwithstanding the said partial Proceedings of the said

interested in, and trading to, Africa, and the British Co- Sheriff, there was an indisputable Majority of Votes for Ionics and Plantations in America, was presented to the the Petitioner, upon the Poll; and that, no Scrutiny being House, and read; setting forth. That the British Trade demanded by or on the behalf of either of the Candidates, to Africa, from the Port of London, is now, and hath been and there being Time sufficient to have cart up the Poll, 'for many Years part, in a very declining Way; and the and declare the Election on that Day, the said Sheriff was Trade in general is in Danger of being loft to this Nation, then required, on behalf of the Petitioner, to declare the in favour of other Nations, unless proper Measures be Majority; but that he absolutely refused so to do, and taken in time to prevent the lame: That this Trade is of immediately adjourned the Court until Nine o'Clock in the utmost Importance so the Welfare of Great Britain, the Forenoon of the then next Day, in order, as he then as the greater Part of our American Colonies cannot subsist declared, to call up the Poll: That the same Night after without it; and that, betides, it takes off many Sorts of the doling the Poll, which was done by the Consent of our Manufactures, in Return for Gold, Ivory, Gum, and the Candidates, the said Sheriff pretended to examine the other valuable and useful Commodities; and that there lame; and thereupon took upon him self, in a most arbi-is not the least Reason to hope, that our Trade in and to trary and illegal manner, to disallow, or (as he called it) Africa can be supported and preserved against the power- reject, a great Number of the Petitioner's Votes Handing ful Competition of other foreign joint Stock Companies, on the Poll; which was done privately and clandestinely, without keeping and maintaining, and even increasing, the and without hearing any Person for or on the behalf of Number of our Forts, Castles, and Possessions, on that the Petitioner, or giving him any Notice or Opportunity Coast, in the Hands of a Company with a sufficient joint to be heard, though all the Voters, of whole Votes there Stock; and without enabling such a Company to main- was any the least Doubt, were {Worn to their Freeholds in tain and support their said Forts and Settlements, for the the whole Course of the said Election; and that the next Protection and Security of all his Majesty's Subjects Morning the said Sheriffheld another Court, pursuant to trading to those Parts, as well against all Insults from the the said Adjournment; and then declared. That, upon Natives, as against all Encroachments of other.foreign calling up the Poll Books, after the same were doled, powerful Companies, upon the British Rights on that there appeared to be a Majbrity of Eleven Votes, upon the Coast: And therefore praying. That the House will be Poll, for the Petitioner, but that be had thought proper pleased to taKe the Premises into Consideration \ and to to reject Twenty-seven of the Petitioner's laid Votes; and make such effectual Provision for the Preservation and that thereupon he did partially, arbitrarily, and illegally. Encouragement of this most valuableand necessary Trade, return the said Lord a Knight of the Shire for

as to the House shall seem meet. the said County; in manifest Wrong to the Petitioner, in

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Violation of the Rights of the Electors of the said County, Consideration of a Committee of the whole House. and in open Defiance of many good Laws made to pre-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- vent false Returns of Members to lerve in Parliament; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and therefore, as there Hands, upon the Face of the Poll, to consider of the said Petition. a Majority ol Votes for the Petitioner, once receired, and

Vol. 2$. 7 E never

land

Election.

Lord

TrcnthamN

EfUte.

Byngfi

Eft.tr.

Supply Bill Land Tax

5 66

14* — 15* Martii.

never legally struck out ordifallowed, that the Petitioner apprehends he ought in all Events to have been returned: And expressing his Hope, and praying. That the House will order the said Return to be amended accordingly; and give the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard' at the Bar of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Thursday the 28th Day of April next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the } IO*-

Tellers for the Noes } I"6'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon this Day Two Months.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Granville Leveson Gower, commonly called Lord Trentham, to raise Portions for younger Children j

and also to explain and amend certain Powers for making Jointures in the Settlement made on his Marriage with Elizabeth his late Wife; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate late of the Honourable Robert Byng Esquite, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

» Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty

A. 1747.

by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year f7 48.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 150 Martii;

Anno 2i* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1747. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Pounds, and Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco, imported and exported, for Ten Years past, into and out of England, distinguishing each Year, and each Port j as also, of the neat Amount of the Duty paid and drawn back thereon in each Port, within the same Space of Time, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due orstanding out at Christmas 1747, with the annual Interest or Sum paid for the lame.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The -said Account is as follovreth , viz.

Account of Tobacco imported and exported.

Account of publick Pofcts.

21 Geo. II.

15 ° Martii.

567

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgees*in Parliament affemtled:

Am ACCOUNT of all the publick Debts, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, due or Handing out at

Christmas 1747, with the annual Interest or Sum paid for the same.

Exchequer.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum contributed and unsubscribed to the South-Sea Company - - for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, being the original Sum contributed ——

— for Two and Three Lives, being the Sum remaining after

what is fallen in by Deaths ——

----- --on the Plate Ad, 6U Georgii i"‘ Regis - -

— for Nevis and St. Christofhers Debentures, at 3 per Cent.

per Annum ——

— at £. 3 1 or. o d.per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1731

----- --at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1736, charged on the Sinking Fund ——

— at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, 1738, charged on Ditto

Duties on Salt further continued. Anno 1741 -Duties on Salt further continued, Anno 1745 -Exchequer Bills made out for Inrereft of old Bills -

Note, The Land Taxes and Duties on Malt, beifeg annual Grants, are not charged in this Account, nor the 1,000,coo, charged on the

Deductions of 6 d.per £. on Pensions, nor the Sum of £. 500,000, bi riowed on the Credit of the Supplies 1748; as the tame is to be paid out of the said Supplies.

East India Company.

By Tno A&.s of Parliament, 9* tViUielmi 3'" Regis; and Two other Acts, 6* et 9* Anna Regina - - - - -

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus

of the additional Duties on low W ines, Spirits, and tlrong Waters -

Bank of England.

On their original Fund at £. 3 per Cent, per ,from the ift August

174 3....

For cancelling Exchequer Bills 3* Georgii i"1 Regis - -

Purchased of the South-Sea Company - -

Exchequer Bills charged on the Duties on Sweets, Anno 1737 Annuities at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, charged on the Duties on Coals, tAc.since Lady-day 1719 - -

» — at £.4 per Cent, per Annum, charged oft the Surplus of the

Funds, for Lottery 1714 -

----- --at / 3 P& Cent, per Annum, for Lottery Anno 1731

— ----- at £3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1742, charged on the Sink-

ing Fund ... - -

----- --- at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1743, charged on additional

Duticson low Wines, Spirits, and lliong Waters

----- --at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1744, charged on the Surplus

of' Ditto ——

----- --at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1745, charged on additional

Duties on all Wines imported since Lady-day 1745

----- --at £. 4 per Cent.per Annum, Anno 1746, charged on Duties on C.lass, and additional Duties on spirituous Liquors, since I.advdiy 1746-

— at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, Anno 1 746, charged on Duties on

Lie encts for retailing spirituous Liquors since

----- -at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, for Lottery Anno 1747, charged

on Duties on Coaches, ——

----- --- at £. 4 per Cent per Annum, Anno 1747, charged on the Duties on I ioufes, (Ae. ——

Memorandum: The Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lottery 1745 were allowed an Annuity, for one Life, of^r. a Ticket, which amounts to £. 22,500; and the Subscribers of £. 100 to the Lortery 1746 were allowed an Annuity, for One Lile, of i3r. a Ticket, which amounts to ,£.45,000; which Annuities are an Increafeof the National Debt, but cannot be added thereto, as no Money wasadvanced for the tame.

South-Sea Company.

On their Capital Stock and Annuities 9® i"1 Regis

Exchequer, John Dawforu £.

15th March 1747.

Vol. 25.

Principal.

L > d. 1,836,275 17 loj io3,ioo ——

99,747 8 2$

312.000 — —

37,811 5 1*

400.000 — —

600,006 ——

300.000 — —

612,050 ——

1,000,000 — — 2,200 ——

Interest.

£. 1. d.

131,20, 12 8

7,^67 — —

11,015 12 ---

12,480 ——

i>i34 *2 9

14.000 — —

18.000 — 9,000 — —

21,386 15 —

35.000 — —

3,200,000 128,000 — —

1,000,000 30,000

3,200,000 96,000 — —

500,000 20,000 — —

4,000,000 — — 160,000 — —

499,600 — — 14,988

1,750,000 70,000 — —

1,250,000 — 50,000 — —

800,000 — — 24,000 — —

800,000 — - — 24/300 — —

1,800,000 — — 54,000

1,800,000 — — 54,000

2,000,000 — - — 60,000 — —

3,000,000 120,000 — —

986,800 — — 39.472 — —

1,000,000 — — - 40,000

4,400,000 — — 176/500 — —

27,302,203 5 6$ 1,092,088 2 7

64,595,797 *6 9i! 2>514>335 *5 —

Ordered,

5£8 '15* Martii. . 1747.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

J to be perufed by the Members of the House.

Bury St. Ed- A Bill for erecting Work-houses for the better em-mundi Poor ploying and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of and Street*. St, Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; and for the

better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Proby,

Mr. Felton Hervey, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lockhart, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Admiral Mathews, Sir John Mr. Affleck, Lord Parker, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

- Mr. Barbor, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Meilycott, Mr. Mr. Har-

vey, Mr. Gray, Mr. Anson, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Marton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Sir John Rushout, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hale, Mr. Montagu, Sir Lloyd,

Mr. Hampden, Mr. Lejlie, Lord Trent ham, Sir Bourcher Wrey, Lord Petersham, Lord Harley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Pimey, Mr. fVinnington, Mr. Mr. Vaughan,

Lord Perceval, Mr. Grenville-, and all the Members who feive for the Counties of Suffolk, Norfolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Stratford An ingrossed Bill for impowering George Montgomerie Water Com- and Thomas Byrd Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to com-P»nY- plete an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, West-Ham, Boiv, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 7. After " Undertakers," to insert " or " Proprietors of the said Water-works for the Time " being:"

L. 13. After " them," to insert " or for their " Surveyor :"

L. 15. After " being," to insert " where " there are no such Trustees appointed:"

L. 17. After " Undertakers," to insert "or " Proprietors for the Time being:"

L. 23. After " Undertakers," to insert "or Proprietors for the Time being Pr. 5. L. 10. After " Undertakers," to insert " or " Proprietors for the Time being

Pr. 7. L. 30. After " Undertakers," to insert " or ‘Proprietors for the Time being

L. 31. After " them," to insert " by Distrefe and Sale thereof."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas Byrd Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, West-Ham, Bow, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Army $ An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Derfer-Mutiny and tion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Oefenioa. Quarters; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the Papmrr. House, That he had his Majesty's Commands to lay before this House, Expedition

1. Petition of the Council and House of Representa-

tives of the Province of the Massachusets Bay, praying to be reimbursed the Expences they were at in taking and securing Cape Breton.

2. Report of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations, and of his Majesty's Secretary at War, dated the 7th of April 174.7, upon the Petition of the Council and House of Representatives of the Province of the Bay,

praying to be reimbursed the Expences they were at in taking and securing Cape Breton. j. Account of the Expences of the Province of the Massachusets Bay, arisen from the Expedition against Rape Breton, and for the Defence and Security of Louijbourg, after its Reduction to his Majesty's Obedience.

4. Report of the Board of Trade, and the Secretary

at War, upon examining into the Demands made by the Colony of Rhode ljlafor taking and securing Cape Breton, dated the 12th May 1747.

5. Copies of Papers referred to in a Representation to

his Majesty from the Lords Commissioners for Trade, on the Demands made by the Colony of Rhode island,

6. Report of the Board of Trade, and the Secretary

at War, upon examining into the Demands made by the Colony of ConncElicute for taking Cape Breton, dated 14th oi May 1747.

7. Account of Disbursements — Colony of ConneEli-

cute — in the Expedition against Cape Breton.

8. Report of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations, and his Majesty's Secretary at War, upon the Petition of the Council and House of Representatives of the Province of NewHampfhbre, praying to be reimbursed the Expences they were at in the taking of Cape Breton, dated 20th of November 1747.

9. Account of the Province of New Hampshire, of the

Expences they were at in the taking of Cape Breton.

10. Petition of James Gibson Esquire, to the Right honourable the Lords of the Treasury, praying to be repaid his Expences in inlisting Men in New England for the Expedition against Cape Breton.

11. Report to the Loras Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, with a State of the Demands made from the American Colonies, for their Expences in the Expedition against Cape Breton, dated 29th of December 1747.

12. Estimateof the Sums wanting to satisfy the Demands made on behalf of several of his Majesty's Provinces in North America, and others, for the Expences incurred by them in taking and securing the island of Cape Breton, with the Town of Louifbourgh, and its Dependencies; which Estimate accompanied the Report to the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, dated the 29th of December 1747.

And Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer also fold, That his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint the House,

That his Majesty recommends the Prayers of the said Petitions to the Consideration of the House.

Then Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented the said Papers to the House, together with a Schedule of them.

And the said Schedule was read.

The laid Petitions, Reports, Accounts, and Copies, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

i'l Geo. II.

' l

ESTI M AT E of the Syms wanting ta satisfy the Demands made on behalf of several hisityajesty's Provinces in North America, and1 others; for' the Expences incurred by them in taking and securtng the Island oi same 2?r;/o«, with the Town of and if» Dependencies; :> < a

.u i /, i 'I —

.it I . Ml; I. ,u A A V\ V

,. 'j vj; -0} '

: i; v, T |,(» J

wiim ;,

' -n -?' :j -,i!. hi:/.

; I Hi. ..! i o

jHovstl V ' 1i.fi'" vr4\.

'I*

- J a )

The Paper Currency reduced into Sterling Money at thf R^te demanded of /.57b percent.Exchange for old Tenour Bills, or £.142 for. per Cent, for , / ne wTenour.BilU, being the Valueexprefleri in the Ndw England Bills mued on <K»sl Occasion- i

The same Sums reduced ipto Sterling Money at the :Rate of £. 1,00b per Cent. Exchange for old, Tenour Bill^ or^.ajojM Cent.

fojr rewTtn^urB^Ij.being '"the latefcurrent V4W|i of

such Bula iolNorth Aitartica

\ -, ....

1

J "

; 1 /< a n -..nT

Thfe Expence fattmed by the Prdvined of the Mtfittho? mounting, in new Tenoqr Bilfe^ to 3^- -j

The Expence of the Provmce of New ffamp/hite^ amounting, ? in Proclamation Money, or. neyf Tenour BjHs» to £.13,306.

1 6s.s u- - - -3

1 > ... i. < 1 , 1 1 /

The Expence of the Province of Co$ne&icnie±nm<xxming, in Bills? of the old Teaour, to £. 164,514. i «. 6d. \ , - r *j

The Expence of Rhode Island and Providence PJaptations, amount-?

ing, in Bilb of the old Tenour, to £.^6,096. rs, id. ' - - J

To which may be added, a Demand made by James El'quire, for inlisting, aiming, and clothing, several Recnaits,* ana going Voluntier with them on thxft Expedition ,-J

1 Totals £. Sterling -

"> 1 '~rrT T- - .* M i / ~

' f'r"

183^649 2 7$ 104,680 — ij 4 1; .

i6>MS i3i 4 9,322 8 i- J »

*8>.8i63i 19 1 -a. J 4 i i 16,452 9 3'

'irurjuJ u '

6,3321210 3,609 .1 , 2

547 *5 — 547 *5 —

*35»749 i 2 iQl I34»6ii ,13 5

y

Northamp-

ton

Writ.

Relief of Orphan, and

Creditors of the City of London.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, j

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northampton, in the room of Thomas Cartwright Esquire, deceased.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City in Common

Council assembled; and to whom also it. was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition'of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London was referred; the Resolutions which he Wasditefted by the said Commit tec of the whole House to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron on every Chaldron of Coals or Culm, and of Six Pence per Ton on every Ton of Coals usually sold by the Ton, which* was by an Act, of the 5th and 6th Years of the Reign of the late King William and QbeCn Mary, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, granted to the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, on all Sorts of Coals and Culm which should be imported into the Port of the City of London from and after the 29th Day of September in the Year of our Loud One thousand Seven hundred, for and during the Term of Fifty Years, shall be continued and paid, for and during the Term of Thirty-five Years, from the Expiration qi the said Term of Fifty Years, and no longer.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee, That, out of the Monies arising from the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton on every Chaldron or Ton of Coals or Culm, to be continued for Thirty-five Years, as aforiflaid, the yearly Sum of Three thousand Pounds Vol. 25.

be applied, for add. during the said Term of Thirty-five Years; towards paying the Annuities now payable, or which hereafter (Mil be payable, by the Company of . Mercers of London, to several Widows, and others, during their rdpe&ive Lives, in pursuance of Contracts heretofore entered into by the said Company, and to such other Creditors of the said Company as shall be deemed proper Gbjo&sof Relief; and that the Relidueoftbe Monies, which shall arise from the said Imposition, shall be applied towards paying the Interest which shall be due to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, under the said Act of King William and Queen Mary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, frohr and after the 29th Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1750, all and every the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Markets, Fairs, and the Duties thereof and all other the Revenues of apd belonging to the City of London, in Possession or Rever-lion, mall stand and be charged with the full yearly Sum of Two thousand Pounds, over and above the yearly Sum of Eight thousand Pounds wherewith they now. stand charged, towards paying the Interest which shall be due to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, under the said Act of King William and, Queen Mary.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Surpluses which have arisen from the Funds appropriated, by the said Act of King William and Queen Mary, for Payment of Interest, as it should become due, to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, as also the Surplusses which shall arise from' the said Funds, and from, the Funds now appropriated for Payment-of such Interest, shall be applied by the Mayor, Commohalfy, and Citizens, of the said City of London, after reserving so much as will be sufficient to pay the Interest according to the said Act, to the Payment of and discharging the capital Debt due to the Creditors of the said City, under the said Act.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

7 F

Carthew's

Eftafe.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Buckingham

Assizes.

570

.1; ^r-1747-

Ordered, That Leave be given tobring in a Bill or Bills, purfbant to the said Jfefohrtions: And that the Lord Dupplin, Sir John BarnardSir William Calvert, the Lord Strange, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr. Sir

Henry Marshall, and Mr. Alderman Baker, do prepare,

and bring in, the feme:: '

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. BenntU and Mr.

Edwiords: i

Mr. Speaker, 1 The Loras have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for veftingdivets Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, late the Estate of Cart hew

Esquire, deceased, in his Executors, to enable them to convey the feme pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Hjoufe.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upOri the Bill for the more effectual preventing iclkndestine Outlawries; . , ... nf '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the, whole House, upon the said BiH. j '

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the Bill (now ingtoffed) for holding the Summer Assizes, for the; County of at the County Town of Buckingham t

The Counsel against the Bill were called in:

And the-iaid BUI was read the Third time:_______

And the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury of the County of Buckingham, againitfcthe Lid Bill, was read: And the Counsel against the said Bill were heard: And an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled," JufUces of Assize, " &c. shall hold their Sessions in principal Towns/' was read:

And an Act, made in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, intituled, " The Keeping of " Affixes in good Towns, referred to the Consideration of the Chancellor and Justices, &c!" was also read:

And an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for holding the Assize for the County of at. a

convenient Place within the said County, was also read: And so rrrudh of an Act, made in the 10th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to impower the Justices of the Peace for the County of Bucks to xaife Money to discharge the Debts incurred on account of -building a Gaol and Court Rooms, and (or finishing the fame, for the Use of the County, as impowers the said Justices to make Assessments for the Purposes aforesaid; and also Part of a Clause in the said' Act, relating to the Exemption of the Town of Buckingham from the said Assessments, were also read:

And, the Counsel being withdrawn-;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

- The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,]

.i:

BiH;

Tu

Mercurii, 16* (jit

! Anno 2i*aGeorgn IP4 Regis,11*747.

— PTramirs; ——

f\RD ERED, That the Order of the Day, for the Supply House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole La®*1 House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great for the

Service of the Yearwyq^'be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That itjje an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1746, out of the Supplies granted far the Year 174S.

Then the - House resolved itself into the said Com*

-) -jjruvij; ! O

mittee.,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair; 1'

Mr. Bane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feme reported foom the Gotnmi&ec, That they had made* Tome Pr^grefi in the Bill; and that he wfis directed by the Cpipmittee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rifblvsd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hdufe, to consider further of the said Bill. '

The^ House being informed. That Mr. Needier, Ac- Account of comptant-General of the Excise, attended at the Door; 00

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the grots and net Produce of the several Duties on Spirits extracted from Malt or Corn, for Eight Years past, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Quantities of such Spirits paying the -|aid Duties in each Year, during the same time.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the Paper containing the said Accounts was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper il bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee, to Waiter'i -whom -the Bill toendble his Majesty to grant the Inherit- Stance of the Manors of Wookeing, Chabkam, and Bagsbott, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Sun-ty, to Abel Walter Btquire, and his Heirs, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee'had.directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And lie.delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the ' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

'(Mr. Planter, Tellers for the Noes,{ford

\l$S' 1108.

Mr.:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be. An Act for holding the Summer Assizes, for the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sir William Tenge presented to the House, according Cambrich to Order, a' Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, Frtnch an-Aftvmadeimthe iSth'Year of the Reign of his present *'*wni Majesty, intituled, An Act for jprohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That> the Bill bereada Second time.

Mr. f'yifen reported firom the.Committee, to whom the Hoitoa

: Bill -for confirming and establishing Agreements for in- Inclosure.

- doling and exchanging Lands in Holton, in the County of Lincoln, and Tor rendering the feme more effectual for ^the (Purposes thereby intended, was committed; That

the

2t Geo. II. 16° ftfartii

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, an<| found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-fadnnof the Committee; and that die Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hac| directed ))irn to report to the H'utc; and he read the Report in his Piycc; ^d afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at‘the Clerk's Table: inhere the Amendment? were once read throughput; and then a Second tinje, oq4 by one; and, upon the Opcft'on feycrally put thereupon, were agreed toby the H >u)e.

Ordered, That the Bi^l, with the Amendments, bp }n-

gross^d.

ath Writ. Ordered \That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Hath, in the County of in the

room of the Right honourable Marlhai George Esquire, deceased.

umination A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are

Drug*,&c. thereunto l'uhicribed, Apothecaries of the City of

was presented to the House, and read; reciting some Allegations contained in a Petition presented ,to this House on the behalf of the regular Apothecaries of the Cities of London and Westminster: And alleging, Th^t, the Grievances in the said Petition complained of are indisputably true; and that the same do greatly affect not only the said Cities of London and and the

Parts adjacent, but ylfo the City of , and every

other Part of the Kingdom: And praying the House to provide such Remedy in the Premises, as the Welfare of his Majesty's Subjects requires, and ps the House shall judge necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Westbory The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported, from

Eledioo. Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was. read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Chauncy Esquire, and

Matthew Micbell Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of John Bance and Paul Methuen Esquires to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The lad Determination of the House, made the First Day of June 1715, whereby it was resplved, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for this Borough is in every Tenant of any Burgage-Tenement in Fee, for Life, or Ninety-nine Years determinable on Lives; or by Copy of Court-Roll, paying a Burgage Rent of Four Pence or Two Pence yearly, being resident within the Borough, and not receiving Alms; was read:

The Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraiqing the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the lad Determination 01 the House of Commons, was also read:

The original Poll being produced, the Numbers appear to have been.

For John Bonce Esquire - - - - 35

For Paul Methuen Esquire, - - 34

For Chauncy Townsend Esquire - - 27 For Matthew Michell Esquire - - 27 For Honeys Bertie Esquire - - - 1

Vol. 25.

fto* thcCpuqfel for the Petifiqnprs qkjfffryj. fp Twenty-three of the Votes for the $utipg Mpmjper?;

To Ten,* on accpunf of they: hayingr£cfiy-d publiclg Charity; 'jhfee of wfyqm tfiey likewue; objected to, as having voted for House? which are not burgage Housey; and to Qpe, a? having no Right of Titjq wlfetsoever in any Rurgage-House.

They oijje^ed tq Tvyo otijer eft Rje said Twenty-th|-pe Votes, as paving voted for Houses belonging to other Persons.

To Ten others, 00 account of their haying no Leases of the Burgage-^foule? for which they voted Two; of which Ten, tqgether wish One other Person, they like-wife objected to, as l^aviag been unduly ipflqenced to; give their Votes.

And they proposed. fQprove Attempts of Bribery by

One of the Sitting Members.

In Support of their Objection to the Ten Voters, as having received Charity (One of whom voted for Mr. Bance and Mr. Bertie) they examined

George Ballard Esquire: Who laid. That, by the Appointment of the Trustees of a charitable Donation given by one Mr. Smith, he had received the Rents of'Onc of the Trust Estates Twenty-fotlr Years; during which time he had paid several Sums of Money to the Minister,. Churchwardens, and Overseers, of the Parish of West bury: That the First Payment he made was in 1723, and the last in 1747: ' 1 1 ‘

That the Minister, Churchwardens, arid Overseers, of the respetfkive Parishes to whom this Cnanty is paid, are obliged to certify to Him, from time to time, the Distribution of the Money last received, before they can demand the subsequent Payment.

And he produced a Certificate, dated March

4th, 17,6, signed William Wrought on, Vicar of j

Richard Hillier, Henry Barker, Churchwardens; and Richard Cockle, Overseer; whereby they order him to pay to Mr. William James, or Order, the Arrears of the late Mr. Smith's Charity to the Parish of Westbury, being Two* Years, due at Michaelmas last; and they certify, That the last Money paid to the said Parish, on account of thfe said Charity, amounting to Ten Pounds One Shilling, was given in Cloth to the Poor of the said Parish, according to the Direction of the Donor thereof.

And Mr. Ballard said. That, upon Receipt of the above-mentioned Certificate, he paid Mr. Hillier Ten Pounds and One Shilling, about the 14th or 15th of May 1747*

That the Money, to the Distribution of which the Certificate relates, was due at Michaelmas 1744, and was paid the 6th of November 1745.

Being cross-cxatnined, he said, That the Uses, to which this Charity is applicable, were generally the same for which Money is raised for Relief of the Popr, by the Act of the 43d of Elizabeth.

That the Sum demandable annually by the Parish of Westbury is Six Pounds Eight Shillings, including the Land Tax; but the Payment is usually made once in Two Years.

That he never heard this Charity was limited to Persons not receiving parochial Alms, nor does he know (he Opinion of the Trustees upon that Subject: That he believes the , Parish Officers in general may think it better to give it to such kind of Persons; but he apprehends that the Officers have a discretionary Power to apply it to Persons who do receive Alms, as well as to Persons who do not: That as to the Distribution in Westbury, he knows nothing further than what appeals by the Certificate before-mentioned.

Richard Cockle being examined, said. That he was Overseer of the Parish of Westbury in the Year 1742, in which Office he hath since continued to the present Time: That the Charity called Smith's Charity is distributed in Linen Cloth of about Twelve or Thirteen Pence an Ell, and in Quantities sufficient for a Shirt or a Shift: That he knows nothing of the Distribution of

the

572

16° Martii.

A.

1747*

Weflbury the said Clbfe'in the Year 174^; but that, in the Years Election. \J\i and 1744,'h^ with the Churchwardens, prepared Lists of those whom they judged the propiereft to receive the said Charity^ being theneceffitous Poor, next to those who received Relief from the Parish.

That in the'Year 1747, the WTtnefe, as Overseer, prepared a List o,f Persons living in One District of the Town, and he delivered it to Mr. Mayor Of the Town,

and One of the Churchwardens of the Parish; but Hillier and the other Churchwarden refused to make the Wit-fiefs acquaiftted'to whom the Cloth was distributed.

That* he was concerned in the Distribution of the said Charity in 1742 and 1744: That he kept no Memorandum of the Persons who then-received it;' but could recoiled the Names of several:

That iotne of the Peffons who received the said Charity in the Year 1744, were Joihn 'Mason, Thomas King, James King, Samuel Bigwood, Philip Bendal, Roger Big-woad, <Scorge. Taylor, Samuel Cplloyv&y, and Jeremiah Browne senior:

-That thdfe Persons appear, by. the original Poll which he had fecn, to have voted at the last, Election for the Sitting Members; and that |he,r<?,ar?. no other Persons of the same Names inhabit ingin Westbury, except another Jeremiah Browne,-, who is distinguished by the Nathe of JeremiaH'Bxaidnejdmor.i

«. Thomas, Smith being-examined, said, That Jie saw several Pieces of Smith's Cloth delivered to the Wife of Browne, and: to John Dowding, Michael Browne, Roger Big-weod, James King, Philip Samuel Bigwood, John

Masons 'Wife, Thomas King, and to: That

the.Quantity given, to /each Person is of about Three Shillings Value: That it was usually distributed about Christmas-, but that the last Qistribution, which was for the Years 1746 and 1747, was aboufThree Months after Christmas: That the Cloth was distributed to Seven of the Persons beforernamed. at John Mackey's Shop, in the Presence of Henry Barker, t-o Two, at Henry Barker's House, and to One.at: Mr. ffif tiers,

- Being cross-examined, he said. That he took no Memorandum of the Names of the Persons, but speaks from Memory: That the Occasion of his being present at Mackey's and Barker's, was in order to get feme of the Cloth for himself and that his seeing the Cloth given at Mr. Hillier's was accidental.

That none of the Voters^ who so received the Cloth, have any Relief from the Parish.

William Browne being examined, laid. That Thomas King, Jeremiah Browne, John D Roger Bigwood,

James King, Philip Bendal, Samuel Bigwood, John and Michael Browne, acknowledged to him that they had received the Cloth, as Part of Smith's Charity, and several of them shewed him the Cloth.

He said likewise, That he knows George Taylor and that there is ho other Person of that Name, besides him, in IVft bury.

Being cross-examined, he said. That these. Persons made those Declarations to him at different Times; ma-. ny at their own Houses *, and that he hiet Three of them, as they were bringing home the Cloth from the Place where they received it.

Being asked as to the Time when it was distributed ;, he said, He could notspeak with any Certainty; but believed it was about Three Weeks or a Month after Christmas.

To justify the Votes of these Ten Persons objected to, as having received Charity,

The Sitting Member's Counsel alleged. That although the Persons to whom the Objection has been made had received the said Charity (which they did not admit), yet as their Right of Voting accrued to them afterwards, it ought not to affect such their Right; and that this is not such a Charity as does exclude Persons from voting, by the last Resolution of the House, made with relation to the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for this Borough.

And in Support of their Construction of that- R-cfolu-

tidny they cited the Determination of the House in a same which they alleged to be limilar this; the Difa-gteertient of the House to the Resolution reported the 4th of November 1690, from the Committee'of Elections, relating to Cirencester, which was, " That the Inhabitants

" of the Borough of Cirencester, receiving a charitable "Donation commonly called By-moneyjfiave not a Right " to vote in electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament." And they alleged further, That there is a Distinction between Alms and Charity; and that, in Cafes where the House have adjudged that Charities difquanfied Voters, the Term " Charities," as well as:* Alms," is made use of in the Resolutions; as in the Resolution if the Eighteenth Day of January 1708, with relation to the Borough of Abingdon; and that of the Thirteenth Day of March 171 i, with relation to the City of Coventry.

Then they examined Henry Barker: Who laid, He had been Churchwarden of West bury for the Three Years preceding last Easter:That in the Year 1747 a List was wrote out, by the other Churchwarden, of the Persons to whom Mr. Smith's Charity was intended to be distributed: That no Persons who received Alms, or that then had a Right of voting, were inserted in that Lift: That he was not present at Mackey's when this Cloth was delivered out, nor did he fee any Cloth there delivered to any of the Ten Persons before objected to: That feme who voted at the last Election had Part of the Cloth: but that they had not a Right of voting, at the Time' when they were put upon the Lift.

Being cross-examined, he said, That, in 1747, the Mayor was the other Churchwarden: 'I'hat he does not know what is become of the Lift of the Persons who received the Cloth; but he admitted, That the Names of Jeremiah Browne junior, Philip Bendal, Roger bigwood, James King, Michael Browne, c loway, and John Dowding, were on the said Lift :' That the Distribution was made after Easter; and that the Quantity given to each Person was about Two Ells and an Half of Cloth. - '

Then as to the Character of Thomas who 'was

examined on the Part of the Petitioners, the Sitting Member's Counsel examined,

Mr. Peach: Who said, That Smith's Character is generally so bad, as to deserve no Credit in a Court of Justice.

Paul Avfton: Who said. He had known Smith for Twenty Years, confirmed the Evidence of Peach.

Then, to prove that the Right of voting accrued to Five of the Ten Persons objected to, , as having received Smith's Charity, after the Time when they were said to have received it, several Deeds and Writings were produced; viz.

Leases, dated the 28th of and

Philip Bendall, 1 the 1.1 th of December 1746, by which and > it appeared, That Willoughby, Earl of Roger Bigwood, j Abingdon, demised severally to Philip Bendall and Roger Bigwood, for their respective Lives, certain Tenements, in Wft bury:

But Livery and Seisin appears to be given to Philipy Bendall not until the 20th of June 1747, and to ' Bigwood, not until the 2 i ft of the' same June.

Indentures of Lease and Release, dated Jams King, the First arid Second Days of April 1747,

by which it appeared, That Samuel Bigwood, who was intitled for his Life to a Burgage-Tenement in Westbury, conveyed his Interest therein to James

King.

A Lease, dated 20th 1713,

Michael Brown, by which it appeared, Tl iat

Earl of Abingdon, demised to John Ad-lam a certain Messuage in Westbury for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives:

An Indenture, dated 2tft December 1721, by which it appeared. That John Adlam mortgaged the said Messuage, for the Remainder of the said Term, to Edmund Bayly senior:

A Deed,

at Geo. II. i Martii.

573

A Deed, dated the 12th of June1747, by which it appealed, That Sarah Bayly, who derived her Title from the said Mo.igagce, assigned her Interest therein to Michael Brown.

A Deed, dated the 15th of June 1747, John Mason. whereby Sarah Bay/y, who was possessed of a Burgage-Tenement in for the Resdiueof aTcim of Ninety-nine Years, determinable upon her own Life, assigned her Interest therein to John M son.

To the Point of Charity, the Petitioners Counsel, by way of Reply, infixed. That this Charity, being distri-b'lteil at Rated Times by the Par.lh Officers, to such Persons as would otherwise become chargeable to the Parish, ought therefore to be considered as Alms: And in Con tradition to the Precedent of Ctrencester, they cited the Bcsolution of the House, in the Year 1689, relating t the Elect ion for Abingdon, whereby it was resolved. That those who receive any cent runt Alms, weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly, had no Votes: Also,

The Resolution of the House in the Year 1698, relating to the Election ur Ay Lsbury j whereby it was relow J, That Persons receiving Alms, pursuant to the NV 11 it Mr. Bedford, or any other Persons receiving any Charity annually, drftributtd in the Town, were, in rc.p.ct thereof, disabled to vote:

And also the Kesolution of the House, in 1708, relating to the Election foe Reaaing, w hereby it was resolved. That such Persons as had, within Two Years, received Kendrick'* Chanty, or any other annual Charity, distti-buted in the Borough, had not a Right to vote:

As to Three of the said Ten Persons included in the Objection for Charity, and which the Counlcl for the Petitioners likewise objected to, as having voted lor Houses that were not Burgage-Houses, the Evidence given in Support of this Objection, and also by way of Answer thereto, was as follows:

With respect to Samuel Bigwood,

Solomon Hughes gave Evidence, That he was present at the lall Election, and at the Four preceding Elections: That he knows that the House for which Samuel Bigwood voted at the last Election, is Part of the House for which Christopher Read likewise gave his Vote; That the Two Parts were always reputed to be One Tenement, and to give a Right only to One Vote; which Vote was usually given for that Part which Read occupies.

That the same Part of the House for which Samuel Higiooood voted at the lad Election, was attempted to be voted for in the contelled Elections in 1723, 1734, and 1741, by Samuel Bigwood the cider, and his Vote was diiallowed: That he believes in 1727 his Vote was taken, though strongly objected to; but the then Mayor was in the Interest of the Candidates for whom it was given; and he believes that when his Vote was refused, the Mayors were in the opposite Interest to the Candidates for whom it was offered.

Richard Rendall being examined, laid. That the Two Parts of the House in which Read and Bigwood live, were reputed to be but One Tenement; and that the Vote offered for that Part, for which Bigwood voted at the lad Election, was refused at the contested Elections in the Years 1734 and 1741; and he said, That it is the general Reputation of old People in the Borough, that Bigwoocf s Part gave no Right of voting.

Being cross-examined, he said. That a Burgage-Tenement which pays a Rent of Four Pence is called a whole Burgage, and Two Pence a half Burgage: That an half Burgage has a Right to vote, but cannot be divided; nor did he ever hear that One whole Burgage paying Four Pence, could be divided into Two: That it is generally reputed that this Tenement pays only a Rent of Two Pence, which Two Pence is paid for that.Part for which Read voted.

In Answer to this Evidence,

James Mattjell was examined: Who laid. That he has known the Borough of Wefbury Fifty Years, during Vol. 25.

which Time the Tenement for which Samuel Bigwood voted was always reputed to give a Bight of voting; and that the Witness knows that Samuel Bigwood1 s Father voted for it Forty Years ago.

Being cross examined, he said. That the Vote for this Tenement was allowed in the Election in 1727; but whether or no it was allowed in the Elections in 1723, 1734, and 1741, he could not speak with Certainty.

John Mason, being examined, said. That he had been employed Three Years in collecting the Burgage-Rents; and that Samuel Bigwood's Tenement pays Two Pence a Year Rent, which the Witness himself collected last Year: That Read likewise pays Two Pence a Year: And the W itness does not remember that Read and Bigwood's Two Tenements were ever reputed to be One Tenement only.

Henry Barker said, That he was the Mayor's Serjeant in the Year 1732, and collected Two Pence Rent lor the Tenement for which Samuel Bigwood voted: That he has known the same 27 or 38 Years, and it was always reputed to give a Right to vote, and that he always understood io.

Being cross-examined, he laid. That the Vote for this Tenement was objected to at the Election in 1741; but whether or no it was diiallowed, he knows not; nor can he say what passed with respect to this Vote at the Elections in 1723 and 1734.

He laid further, That the Burgage-Rents are accounted for to the Mayor, and uied to be entered in a Book; which Book was loft Seven Years ago.

Well bury Eltt&ion.

Then with respect to the Vote of James King,

Solomon Hughes gave Evidence, That the Plot of Ground for which James King voted, is called Plot: That the Vote attempted to be given for it at the Election in 1723 was refused: That in 1727 it was objected to, but admitted, the Mayor being then in the Interest of the Candidates for whom the Vote was offered: That in 1734, and 1741, it was refused; and that the general Reputation of the Town is, that it gives no Vote.

Being cross-examined, he said. That he believed the Vote for this Ground had been allowed and diiallowed, as it happened to be offered for or against the Interest which the Returning Officer espoused; but that it was always objected to; and that, as he has heard, it pays a Burgage-Rent.

Richard Rendall confirms s Evidence as to the

Occupier of Wallis's Plot having been reputed to have no Right of voting, and as to the Refusal of the Vote offered for it at the Elections in 1734 and 1741.

In Answer to this Evidencej

James Manfell said. That he has known the Tenement that James King voted for Forty Years: That it is generally reputed to give a Right to vote, and to pay a Burgage-Rent of Four Pence: That the Vote fur it has sometimes been refused, and sometimes allowed.

John Slade said, That he was the Mayor's Serjeant Eighteen Years ago, as also for the Three Years last past: That in all these Years the Tenement called Wallis's Plot paid a Burgage-Rent of Four Pence.

Then as to John Mason,

Solomon Hughes laid, Th^t Mason voted for a Barn called Smith's Barn: That at the Elections in 1723 and 1734, the Vote offered for the said Barn was refused: That in 1727 it was objected to, but received; and in 1741 it was not offered: That the Witness, from his Observation at former Elections, and from general Reputation, is of Opinion, that this Barn gives no Right of voting.

Being cross-examined, he said, That, on the Site thereof, there was a Dwelling-house at the Time of the last Election.

Richard Rendall said. That the Vote offered for Smith's

Barn, at the Election 1734, was refused, and in 1741 not offered: That the general Reputation of the Town is, that it was never allowed to give a Vote.

7 G la

Wcflbury

Election.

574 i 6 Martii.A. 1747.

In Answer to which Evidence,

James Manfell being examined, laid, That the House for which Mason voted, called Smith's is reputed to be a Burgage-House, and to give a Right of voting.

Being cross-examined, he said, That this House has been objected to, as having been once a Barn; but that Two Tenements have been erected upon the Site thereof Fifty Years, and for both of which Mason voted.

Thomas Gibbs said, That he has known the Tenement called Smith's Barn these Fifty Years, all which Time there has been One House upon the Site thereof, which was always reputed to give a Right of voting, and has been voted for at several Elections.

John Slade said. That Eighteen Years ago, and for the Three Years last pad, he collected a Burgage-Rent ot Four Pence for this Tenement; and that the same was always reputed a Burgage-Tenement.

With respeCi to the Votes of Samuel Calloway and Jeremiah Brown junior, objected to as voting for Houses, the Property whereof was in other Personfe,

The Petitioners Counsel having produced 'Evidence to prove that the House for which Callvway voted bad, for iome Years, been the Property, and in the Pofiession, of Paul Phipps: -

And offering to produce aLeafe, to provethat the House for which Brown voted, belonged to Stephen;

The Counsel for the Sitting Members admitted. That these Two Persons had no Right to vote.-

Then as to Thomas King, One of the Ten Persons objected to, as having received Charity, and likpwife objected to, on account of his having no Right in any Burgage-House, the Evidence given on the Part of the Petitioners and Sitting Members, was as follows:

John Bourne iaid, That he heard Thomas King, within a Month after the Election, declare, That he never had any Lease of any Burgage-House in Wejibury.

In Anliver to which.

By a Copy of a Court-Roll it appeared. That King was admitted to a Burgage-Tenement in at a

Court held the 17th of September 1733, for the Manor of Wejibury St. Maure.

Then with respect to the Ten Persons, olyected to'by the Counsel for the Petitioners, as having no Leases, the Evidence given severally in Support of these Objections, and in Answer thereto, was as follows:

As to Jonathan Watts, NojhNewman, Christopher Read,

and John Newman, the Evidence was, That they had severally declared. That, at the Time of the Election, they had no Leases of the Houses for which they respectively voted.

But it was owned, That /PtfMjhimself built the House he voted for, and had been in Pofiession thereof Two or Three Years.

In Answer to what related to Waits, the Counsel for the Sitting Members observed. That his Pofiession had been proved; and that his Right of voting was not impeached by this Evidence.

And in Answer to the Evidence which related to the Three other Voters,

By Leases, dated the 22d 1733, the 19th of

March 1746, and the 8th of April 1747, it appeared, That Montague, Earl of Abingdon, demiled to Nash Newman, and Willoughby, Earl of Abingdon, severally to Qirifto-pher Read and John Newman, certain Burgage-Tenements, for the Lives of each of them respectively.

As to the Objection to Edmund Bayly, the Evidence was.

That he derived -his Title to the House for which he voted, from a.Lease for 99 Years, determinable on the Lives of John Sly, Catherine Sly, and all which

Persons are reputed ,-to be dead.

In Answer to which Evidence, ' -

Roger Bigwood being examined, laid. That he law William Sly the 30th of January last, at a Place called Kingsbury Green, about Eight or Nine Miles from London, 16

and had Discourse with him; and that he well knows him tc be the same Person who lived formerly at bury; though till that Time he had not leen him these Twenty-four or Twenty-five Years.

As to the Objection to William Withers, the Evidence was.

That, Two Years ago, Norreys Bertie Esquire, was in Pofiession of the House for which Withers voted.

In Answer to which Evidence,

By Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 9th and 10th Days of June 1747, it appeared, That Norreys Bertie Esquire, who was seised for Life of a Burgage-Tenement in Wejibury, conveyed his Interest therein to William Withers.

As to the Objection to John Evidence was

given.

That Lilley Mackey is Owner of the House for which he voted: That John Barnes is her Tenant; and that Blackifton was never in Pofiession, and is reputed to have no Lease.

In Answer to which Evidence,

By Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the nth and nth Days of June 1747, it appeared, That Lilley Mackey, who was possessed of a Burgage-Messuage in Wejibury, for the Life of Stephen Gaisford, aligned her Interest therein to John Blackifton.

As to the Objection to Joseph Austen, Richard Herne, and Paul Austen, the Evidence was,

That it is generally reputed that they have no Leases of the Houses for which they respectively voted.

In Answer to which.

It appeared, by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated the 21st and 22d Days of June 1747, That George Taylor, who was seised for his Life of a Burgage-Tenement in Westbiiry, conveyed his Interest therein to Joseph Austen:

And by Leases, dated the nth of December 1733, and the 26 th of February 1746, That Montague, Earl of Abingdon, demited to Richard Herne, and Willoughby, Earl of Abingdon, to Paul Austen, certain Burgage-Tenements in West bury, for their respective Lives.

Then as to the Three Persons objected to by the Petitioners Counsel, as having voted under undue Influence, Two of whom are included in the last preceding Head of ObjeCHon, the Evidence given with respect to such -undue Influence, was as follows:

Robert Micbell Esquire laid, That Jonathan Watts declared, That the Inducement to his voting for the Sitting Members ms the Promise of his having, within Six Weeks after the EJect ion, a Lease of the House he had built on Lord Abingdon's Ground, at above One hundred Pounds Expence, or, in lieu thereof, One hundred and Fifty Pounds; which Promise was made to him, on Condition that he voted for the Sitting Members.

Philip Withers confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Mich ell, as to Watts's Confession: And added, That Watts laid. That Mr. Sainfbury, Lord Abingdon's Steward, made him that Promise.

Robert Miche/l Esquire said, That, about the 15th of October last, Christopher Read came to him at Chittern, a few Miles from Weflbury, and desired to be admitted an

Evidence for the Petitioners; laying, if the Witness would give him 'Encouragement, he (Read) could make Dif-coveries, and could set aside his own Vote, and the Votes of several other Persons; and added, that he had received Money for giving his Vote, though be did not say from whom, nor how much j but made some Mention of Twenty Pounds: That he came several Times to the Witness, and applied'to him to be admitted to give Evidence; but thattbe Witness avoided him.

Philip -Withers said. That Read, when.he was at Chit-tern, Galled -the Witness into another Room, and told him, that he could spoil a great many Votes: That he (Read) was promised Money by Mr. Bertie to vote for theiSittipg-Member, which Money, he said, was afterwards paid him fc>y Mr. Hij who laid to him, " Here, Christopher, is the Money promised. thee fqr thy

" honeil

2i Geo. II.

16° Martiu

575

"honed Vote:" That Read also said, That he'had a Bond (landing out against hitn, which he was to forfeit, if lie did not vote for the Sitting Members.

Being crols-examined, he salt), That Mr. Browne was present, and took down what Read said in Wriling, by the Content of Read, who desired to talk with Mr. Townsend, and offered hkuself a Witncis; but was not accepted, because he was a very wicket) Fellow.

That Read said. That Hiliier paid him the Money after the Election, but did not mention the Time.

That the Witness believed what Read laid as to this Point t because he boasted that he had Money, anti that he wanted no Money.

Mr. Charles Browne said, That he, being in a Room at Chittern, with Jonathan Watts, Christopher Read, and his Wife, after feme general Converlation, was called out by Christopher Read, who f.iid, he could make great Pifco-veries fer the Petitioners; and he could spoil the Votes of himself, his Brother Watts, and many more, if he had Encouragement: But the Witness answered, That he could not give hint any: That Read C id. That he had Money promised for his own Vote; whereupon die Witness wrote clown Read's Words, and read them to him; viz. " That Mr. Beitie promifd him a Gratuity for " voting; and it was alterwaids paid him by Hdlicr " the Mayor, who said, There, Lad, is Money for thy " Vote-"

Being cross-cxannined, he said, That Read, about Ckrijtmasfell, came apajn to the Witness, and asked if he couid be of any Service, lor jtlut he and his Wife were ready to c* ne to London-, but the Witness told him he would give him no Trouble; and, os he thinks, Read said, " Lanin it, 1 thought! should have made Four or " Five hundred Pounds by this Jobb."

'I hat with regard to what Read lpoke ofot(usr People, the \V itnels thought lie dekrved no Credit; and there-fore was not willing to make any use of him as an Evidence: But that he did then, and doe*, believe him, as to wlut lie Lid relating to himself.

Giles Sanger laid, That Read, Soven or

Eight Days alter the FJection, told the Witness, That his Aunt was dca I, and had left him Seventeen Pounds, and that lie had Five Pounds for his Vote; and he desired the V\ it ness to tell him of proper Persons in whose Hands he might lodge his Money.

John Bosom laid, That a Week or Two after the Election, Jrfepk Barnes, in a Conversation about F.le&iens, told the Witness that he had got Money enough to pay all his Debts, for voting for the Sitting Members, which, he said, he had received a Week or a Fortnight after the Electioti. and was likewise |>romifed, by lord s

Friends, to have an Orchard, on the Lady-day following, winch was then in the Possession of one

Being crols-examined, lie laid, That Bonus told him he had the Money from Mr. B: That he law Barnes (hake a Puise with Money in it: That Barnes had paid several Debts, particularly Thirty Pounds to one Barnes, at Laa'ingion'. That, before the FleCbon, the Voter was obliged to leave the Country, on account of his Circum-(lances; but, ftnee, he has appeared at and satis-

fied some of his Creditors: That there was Beer drawn at Barnes's House, on Account of Mr. Banco and Mr. Methuen.

Giles Sanger laid, That Barnes declared to him. That his Inducement to vote for the Sitting Members was a Promifo of his having Possession of s Orchard;

but who made the Promise, he did not say: That he told the Witness lie had alrrofl paid his Debts by this Election, and hojxxl to live at home in Ease.

In Contradiction to this Evidence, so far as relates to Jonathan Watts and Jtfeph Barnes,

Mr. Samuel Strdnflurysaid, That the last Oifeourse he had with Jonathan Watts, concerning his Hoyfe, was about Two or Three Years ago, when Watts desired to bp admitted to it: That the House having fallen into Decay, the Witness told Watts, That, if he would repair it,

VOL. 2j.

he might live in it j and, he believed, he would be no

Loser:

That Watts has repaired the Hpufej which Repairs the Witness does not know t|ie Expence of, but belieyes it to be lets than One hundred Pounds.

Mr. Henry Barker laid. That Joseph Barnes is now in indifferent Circutnllances, and is indebted to the Wit-nets himself, and to a BiJjftolTradefman.

Tp prote that One of the Sitting Members offered Money to several Voters, at the lall Election, to influence their Votes:

Charles Surma* was examined, who laid, That he saw Mr. Bance and Mr. Methuen, the Sunday before the lad Election, come to the House of Stephen a Butcher,

between the Hours of Six and Seven of the Clock in the Morning; who not being then at home, Mr. Bance, between Ten and Eleven of the Clock, the same Morning, came again to Aufton's House alone, and, in the pretence

of Aufton's Wife, and the Witness (who was dressing a

Sheep in the Shop) asked Auston for his Vote; which Aufton refuting, Mr- Bance laid to , T nat if he had any Bills or Bonds he would pay them off: To which Auston said, he had none to pay: That then Mr. Bance added, " i will give you Eighty Pounds, if you will " give me your Vote:" To which Auston answered, That he would not for Eightfcore Pounds: That then Mr. Bance called Mrs. Auston into the back Yard, and laid to her, That he would do for her and her Family as long as they lived, if (he would prevail with her Husband to vote for him: And that Mr. Bance Raid with her in the Yard Four or Five Minutes.

Being crossrexamined, he said. That he is very certain that Mr. Bance and Mr. Methuen came the First time to

Auston's House between Six and Seven o'Clock in the Morning; and the Second time Mr. came was

about Eleven o'Ciock, just before Church began: That Mr. Bance begun the Converlation with Aufton and his Wife in the Shop; and then went into a Room which is behind the Shop: That the Witness did not go into the Room, but heard the Conversation: That he followed Mr. Bance and Mrs. Aufton into the Yard; and he described the Distance lie was from them there, to be about half as far a§ from the Place where be Hood, when examined, to the Clerk's Table.

Being asked the Question, he said, That Auftosfts Wife was in London at the tune the Witness gave his Evidence.

Westbury

Ekftiou.

Elizabeth Miner said. That on the Sunday before the Election, between Ten and Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, going to the Shop of William Aufton to buy Meat, she law Mr. Bance there, who held Auston by the Hand, and diked him what was the Matter he would not vote for him: That Auston answered, he was come too lale: That Mr. Bance laid to Aufton, That if he had any Bills or Bonds he would pay them off to his Content, if he would give him his Vote: That Aufton said he had given his Word, and would not break it: After which Mr. Bance went out into the Yard with Aufton's Wife; but the Witness does not know what passed there.

Being cross-examined, (he said, That (he was in the same Room with Mr. Bance and Auston: That (he went into the back Yard, and left Mr. Bance in the Shop with Aufton-, but in a Minute or Two Mr. Bance came into the Yard to Aufton's Wife: That there was noPerlon in the Shop but Mr. Bance and Mr.; neither did (he fee any Person dressing a Sheep: That (he knows Surman; but did not then fee him, either in the Shop or the House, but whether or no he might be in the Slaughter-house-lhe can't say: That a Person who is in the Slaugh-ter-house can't hear what passes in the Shop: That Mr, Bance was at Aufton's House before the Witness; and that (he left him there when (he went away.

John Bourne feid, That on the Sunday before the Election, before Church Tfene in the Afternoon, Mr. Bance called the Witness to him, as he was going tp Church, and Lid, Xhatas he hadferved him before, he Jioped he would

serve

16° Martii.

A. 1747.

'Wrrtbury

Election.

serve him again; and desired to speak with him at the Mayor's House after Church: That the Witness accordingly met him at the Mayor's; and they walked out into the Garden; where Mr. Bance asked the Witness for his Vote, and whether he had promised it: That the Witness asked Mr. Bance whar he would give him for One Vote; Mr. Bance replied " What will you have ?" The Witness told him, Thirty Guineas; Mr. Bance then asked him in whole Hands he should deposit the Money; the Witness told him in his own, for he would not trust any Body; to which Mr. Bance made no Answer.

George Dow ding said. That on Sunday the 28th of June, in the Afternoon, he saw Mr. Bance come to Jeffrey Newman in his Garden, and that he asked Newman for his Vote: That Newman said he was come too late: That Mr. Bance said he would give him Thirty Guineas for his tingle Vote: That the Witness did not hear Newman give any Answer; but is very sure he heard Mr. Bance offer the Thirty Guineas.

Being cross-examined, he said, That he was in the Garden, at about Two Yards Distance from Mr. Bance and Newman, when the Offer was made: That Mr. Bance

did not at that time fee the Witness; but immediately afterwards, turning about, discovered him; upon which he (the Witness) retired back, and Mr. Bance carried Newman further up into the Garden; and the Witness went into Newman's House.

In Contradiction to the Evidence given by Surman and Bourne,

Mrs. Bridget Hillier, being examined, said. That Mr. Bance lodged at her Husband's House, at IB eft bury, and never went out any Morning till between Nine and Ten o'Clock, after his Breakfast:

That on the Sunday before the Election, Mr. Bance did not rife till about Eight of the Clock, and did not go out till about Ten: But, being cross-examined, she said, That he pofSbly might go out and she not know of it:

That Mr. Bance came to Westbury the Monday before the Day of Election, and went from thence the day following.

Thamas Felling said, That he is Servant to Mr. Bance; and was at Westbury, the Time of the last Election there; but that he did not lodge in the same House with Mr. Bance: That he usually came to his Master between Six and Seven of the Clock in the Morning: That his Master rose about Seven, and breakfasted between Eight and Nine, and did not go out till afterwards: That on the Sunday before the Election he rose about Seven of the Clock, and breakfasted about Nine, and did not go out before Breakfast: That he is positive Mr. Bance was in Bed between Six and Seven of the Clock that Morning.

Henry Barker said. That on Sunday before the Election he law John Bourne in the Market-place, and asked him how the Election was like to go: to which Bourne answered. That nobody had asked him for his Vote, and that he was not engaged: That the Witness asked him to meet Mr. Bance's Friends at Mr. the Mi-

nifter: That Mr. Bance and the Witness went to Mr.

Wroughton's, but Bourne did not come, till after Mr. Bance was gone.

Mrs. Hillier said, That John Bourne was not at her House at any time on the Sunday before the Election; nor was Mr. Bance all that Day in Company with him at her House, or in the Garden.

To contradict the Evidence of Mrs. Hillier and Ham Felling relating to the Time of Mr. s going out in the Morning, the Petitioner's Counsel, in the Course of their Reply, examined,

Philip Withers, who said. That he had seen Mr. Bance

several Mornings before the late Election walking in the Town of West bury before Seven o'Clock; and that, the Morning of the Election Day, he saw him about Four of the Clock; and went immediately to acquaint Mr. Townsend and Mr. Micliell therewith: That the Sunday before the Election he thinks he saw Mr. Bance about Seven of the Clock in the Morning.

Mr. Robert Michell said. That on the Election Day in

the Morning between Four and Five o'Clock, he was called up by Withers, who told the Witness Mr. Bance was about in the Town: That the Witness got up, and met Mr. Bance over against the Forrester Inn; and that he had seen him several other Mornings before Eight, or about Eight or Nine o'Clock.

John Smith said. That the Morning before the Day of the Election, and Two or Three other Mornings, he saw Mr. Bance walking in the Town of , be-

tween Seven and Eight o'Clock.

Then the Counsel for the Sitting Members objected to all the Twenty-seven Votes, which appear for the Petitioners on the Poll; viz.

To Seventeen, for Non-residence; to Fourteen of whom as also to Five others, they objected for not having any Leases, or as having fraudulent Leases of Burgage- Houses.

To Five, as not paying a Burgage-Rent; to One cf whom they also objected as being bribed.

And they proposed to prove Attempts of Bribery by One of the Petitioners; as also an unwarrantable Attempt, by One of his Agents, to induce a Person to give Evidence against the Sitting Members.

As to the Objection to the 17 Voters for Non-reli-dence,

Mr. Sainsbury, being examined, said, That he waspre-

sent at the Elections in the Years 1722 and 1727; and the Votes of such Persons as were then non-resident were rejected by the Mayor: That at the Elections in 17342nd 1741 they were objected to, but most of them allowed.

Edward Pear/e said, That at the last Election, Thomas Burgeft, William Aufton, Edward Thomas John Phipps, Richard Slug, Samuel Bayly, Robert

and Roger Cater, acknowledged they had resided within the Borough not longer than Three Weeks before the Election; John Gibbs, Thomas Naifli, and Thomas Green, a Fortnight; Robert Michell, Ten Days; Samuel -ridge, and Stephen Applegate, Nine Days.

He further said, That before the Time above-mentioned, William Aufton and John Phipps lived in the Town of Westbury, and Edward Phipps and Thomas Green at West bury-Leigh; which last mentioned Place the Petitioners Counsel admitted to be out of the Borough.

Henry Barker said. That before the Time they are said to have come into the Borough, the constant Residence of William Aufton and Richard Slug was in the Priory Tytk-ing; of Samuel Oatridge, Thomas Browne, and Robert Edwards, in the Town Tything; of Stephen Applegate, Samuel Bayly, and Roger Cater, in the Chauntry Tything:

That the Tythings called the Town and Priory Tythings are within the Town, and the Chauntry Tything very near the Town: That the Constables for those Tythings are chose at the Lord of the Manor's Court-Leet; and that they can execute no Warrant within the Borough; and that the Constables appointed by the Mayor's Court can execute no Warrant out of the Borough: That the Inhabitants of the said Tythings owe no Suit or Service to the Mayor's Court, but to the Hundred Court-Leet; and that the Land Tax for the Borough and Tythings are collected by different Collectors.

He further said. That by the Borough he does not mean any certain Number of Houses contiguous to each other, but such Houses as pay a Burgage-Rent, and which lie interspersed among the other Houses of the Town.

James Manfell said. That before the Time Thomas Naish came into the Borough he lived in the Town Tything, and John Phipps in the Priory Tything.

Being cross-examined, he said, That the Houses on each Side of Phipps's House are within the Borough; but that he is not able, as to all the Houses in the Town, to specify which are in the Borough, and which are not.

The Petitioners Counsel admitted, That before the Time they are said to have come within the Borough, Thomas Burgess lived out of the Borough, and John Gibbs and Robert Michell in London.

Rogr

16° Martti.

2i Geo. II.

577

Roger Bigwood said. That William Act am came to Westbury on the 18th or 19th of June, and that the Election was on the 29th.

Henry Barker said, That William Phipps's Family resided at Westbury Leigh; and that he did not fee him within the Borough, till within Three or Four Days before the Election.

It was admitted. That Five of the said Persons, viz. William Adlam, Samuel Oatridg Thomas , Ri-

chard Slug, and Roger Cater, brought their Beds with them, and lodged together in the same Burgage-House.

In Answer to the Objection on account of Non-Reli-dence:

The Petitioners Counsel submitted the same of these Voters to the Judgment of the Committee, upon the Evidence given on the Part of the Sitting Members, with these Observations, That most of them lived conllantly in the Town; that several of them were proved to be resident in what the Witnesses, for the Sitting Members, called the Borough Three Weeks, none less than Nine Days, before the Election, which was before the Telle of the Writ; and that the Law has oot, by any fixed Time, determined what shall be deemed Residence.

As to the 19 Votes for the Petitioners, objected to as having no Leases, or fraudulent Leases (14 of whom had been before ohje&ed to for Non-residence) the Evidence given severally in Support of those Objections, and in Answer thereto, was as follows:

As to Thomas Burgess, the Evidence was,

That he declared at the Election that he voted for William Sims's House:

But Mr. Sainfbury, who is Steward to Lord,

upon his Cross-Examination, said, That he believed Lord Abingdon had granted to the said William Sims a Lease for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives; and that he bad heard that Sarah, the Wife of Thomas Burgess, the Voter,

was Administratrix to Sims.

And, in Answer to this Evidence, j It appeared. That Letters of Administration, dated the Third of February 1746, were granted to Sarah, the Wife of Thomas Burgess, who is Daughter of the late William Sims:

But the Counsel for the Sitting Members infilled, That the said Tide was incomplete, because the original Lease was not produced.

As to Edward Phipps, the Evidence was.

That the House for which he voted was reputed to belong to one Mrs. Sarah Cockle 1 and that her Nephew, who acted as Agent for her, let Part of it to Henry Barker the Witness; who said. That he looked upon himself to be Tenant to Mrs. Cockle: That (he held the same by a Lease for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives; and paid the Burgage-Rent for it on the Second of November lad.

In Answer to this Evidence,

By an Indenture, dated the 23d of April 174 % it appeared, That Sarah Cockle and John , who were seised of a certain Burgage-Tenement in , for the

then Residue of a Term m a Lease for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, aligned their Interest therein to Edward Phipps:

But the Original Lease was not produced.

As to William Adlam,

The Counsel for the Sitting Members alleged. That he appeared to have no Title to the House for which he voted; the Deeds, which they had before produced, having proved such Title to be in Michael Brown.

In Answer to which.

The Counsel for the Petitioners observed. That Michael Brown % Title depended upon a Mortgage, made by John Adlam to Edmund Bayly senior, the 2 ill of October 1721, which he had no Power to make; and, as a Proof thereof, they produced,

A Deed, dated the 20th of June 1714, whereby it appeared, That the said John Adlam, who was possessed of a certain Tenement in Westbury, by virtue of a Lease for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, did, upon his Marriage with Lydia Crooke, assign his Interest therein to Vol. 25.

Trustees, for the Use of himself for Life; Remainder to the said Lydia his intended Wife, for her Life; Remainder to such of their Issue as he should appoint; and in Default thereof, Remainder to such of the said Issue as Ihe the said Lydia should appoint; and, in Default thereof, Remainder to the Issue of the said John and Lydia; and, for want of such Issue, Remainder to the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of the said John Adlam:

But it was observed, by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, That William Adlam's Title, under this Settlement, was not proved.

As to Samtiel Oatridge, Richard Slug, John Roger Cater, and Giles Sanger, the Evidence was. That it was generally reputed. That the Houses for which they respectively voted belonged to other Persons; viz. That Oatridge and Slug'* belonged to John Withers; that Fhipps's, Cater'*, and Sanger belonged to Lord Car-

bery.

In Answer to which,

By Deeds produced, it appeared. That on the 7 th of April and 7th of May 1747, Two several Burgage-Tenements in Westbury were demised by John Withers to Samuel Oatridge and Richard Shtg; and that, on the 7th of April, and 7th of May, and aoth of June, 1747, Nicholas Phipps assigned to John , Thomas Phipps to Roger Cater, and Sarah Amiott to Giles Sanger, Three several Butgage-Tenementsin Wft bury aforesaid, whereof the said Assignors were severally possessed, by virtue of Leases for Ninety-nine Years, determinable upon Three Lives.

As to Stephen Applegate, the Evidence was.

That the House for which he voted had always been reputed to belong to John Gibbs, since the Death of Gibbs's Father; and never was considered as belonging to Applegate:

But upon a Cross-Examination, it was owned, That Gibbs had a Lease of the said House for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives.

In Answer to this Evidence,

By Deed, dated the 17th of June 1747, it appeared. That John Gibbs, who was possessed of a Capital Messuage in West bury,\>y virtue of a Lease for 99 Years, determin-' able on Three Lives, assigned his Interest therein to Stephen Applegate:

But Gibbs's Title-Deeds were not produced.

As to Thomas Naifk, the Evidence was.

That Thomas Naish, about a Fortnight after the Election, declared, That he had an Alignment of the House for which he voted made to him by Mrs. Cockle, for the Purpose of voting, on condition, That he re-delivered the said Alflgnment after the Election: But it was owned that he gave Mrs. Cockle a Note of One hundred Pounds, as a Consideration for the Alflgnment; and that the Executor in Trull of Mrs. Cockle's Will, did, after her Death, deliver the said Note to Samuel her Nephew,

and reliduary Legatee, when he came of Age, as Part of the Assets.

In Answer to this Evidence,

By Deed, dated the 23d of April 1747, it appeared. That Mary Cockle, who was seised of a Tenement in Westbury, by virtue of a Lease for 99 Yean, determinable on Three Lives, assigned her Interest therein to Thomas Naish:

But Mrs. Cockle's Title-Deeds were not produced.

As to Robert Edwards, the Evidence was.

That the Tenement for which he voted was always reputed to belong to Thomas Phipps: That the lad Rent paid for the said Tenement, which was at Midsummer, was paid to Phipps:

But it was owned. That Phipps declared to the Tenant, That he had fold the said Tenement to Edwards, and to whom the Tenant was to pay the next Payment for Rent:

Whereupon the Petitioners Counsel alleged. That this Evidence was not sufficient to impeach s Vote.

As to Samuel Bayly,

7 H He

Westbury

Election.

.578 16° Martiu T r 1747;

ury He, being examined, said, That the House be voted ,on* for belonged to his Brother-in-Law Phipps $ and that the £. 40 Consideration-Money, paid for it, was Mr. William Phipps's Money: That the Witness had an Af* signment delivered to him, which he delivered back to Mr. Hughes, who gave him Possession of the House, when he voted; but that he did not continue in it longer than the Time he voted:

But Bayly, on Cross-Exatnination, owned. That he delivered to Mr. Browne, Mr. -Agent, a Paper

Writing, to be produced at the hearing the Merits of this Election.

In Answer to this,

By a Deed, dated the 13th of January 1746, it appeared, That Paul Phipps and- his Wife, who-became possessed of a Tenement in by virtue-of a,

Lease for 99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, af--signed their Interest therein to Samuel Bayly.

As to Robert Mickell Esquire, the Evidence was", '* That the House for which he voted was always reputed -0 belong to William burner.

> In Answer to this,

Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date the 19th' and 20th of June 1747, were produced; whereby William tumor granted to the said Robert.Micbell the Freehold of a certain Messuage in Westbury: a

But Mr. Turner's Title Deeds were not produced.

As to Thomas Green, the Evidcncewas,

That the House for which he voted belonged toCkrifto-pher Tucker, and formerly to Mr. James Clift; and- that1 Green was not known to have a Title to it; buf that-the said Clift, and one Tucker, had a Lease for Three Lives.

' >In Answer to this,

<-A Deed, dated 17th of June 1747, was produced whereby William Tucker, and Susanna his Wife, being possessed of a Burgage-Tenement ih Westbury, by virtue of a Lease: for Ninety nine Years, detesminable on Three Lives, assigned their Interest therein to Thomas-Green.

As to William Phipps, the Evidence was,

That the House for which he voted is, reputed to belong to Michael Sweetland: That the Tenants paid Lord Abingdon's Quit-rent on Sws Account} and one Mackey, who voted for it in 1741, paid the Rent to Mr.. John Edwards, Trustee to Mr. Sweetland:

And the Petitioners Counsel admitted. That' they could not justify the Vote of William Phipps.

As to James Hunt, the Evidence was,

That he declared, since the Election, That John Rawlins would not trust any body, except Hunt, with the Af--signment of the House for which Hunt voted: and that he (Hunt) was one of the best of the Journeymen Voters: -That Hunt, when applied to about the Payment of Lord Abingdon's Quit-rent, said, he would talk to Rawlins about it; for that he had no Interest in the House.

In Answer to this,

A Deed, dated a6th of March 1747, was produced, whereby John Rawlins, being possessed of a Tenement in Westbury, by virtue of a Lease for Ninety-nine Years, determinable on Three Lives, assigned his Interest therein to James Hunt the Voter.

As to Edward Tyler,

He (Tyler), being examined, said. That the House for-which he voted belonged to Mrs. Manjell, h\s Aunt: That he had never any Assignment of it in his Custody: That he continued in the House about Six Weeks, and lived with his Aunt; and that he executed a Deed, which was to re-grant his Right in the House j But he said. That his House was a Place of Entertainment and Rendezvous for the Petitioners Voters before the Election: That the Witndsdrew Drink; and that he had Five Guineas from Mr. Townsend for his Trouble.

In Answer to this,

A Deed was produced, dated the First of June 1747, whereby Elizabeth Manjell and Sarah Cockes, being possessed of a Tenement in West bury, by virtue of a Lease for

99 Years, determinable on Three Lives, assign their Interest t herei n to Edward Tyltr the Voter:

But the Deeds, from whence Mrs. Masijell derived her: Title, were not produced.

: As to Jeffery Newman, the Evidence was.

That Newman, being under an Arrest for Debt, when;

it was proposed to him to make the House for which he. voted a Security for such Debt, declared, That he had no Right to the said House.

In Answer to which,

A Deed, dated 24 June 1714, was- produced, whereby. George Tucker, being seised of a Burgage-Tenement,.in Westbury, by virtue of a Lease for Ninety-nine Years, determinable on Thriee lives, assigned his interest in 'the said Premises to Samuel Watts junior, who died intestate % and Administration was granted the 4th Day d.0 Sober 17 33, to Rebecca, the: Widow of the.1 said the Wife*

of Jeffery Newman the- Voter.- it

As to Paul Phipps, ' ;:

The Counsel for the Sittirtjg Members founded iheir-Objection to his Vote upon tbC' Assignment of a Lease to him, which the Counsel for-iherPetitiohers -had. pro-: duced, without prodticir^ thi-Lease iitfctf; -

With respect to FiveParfoire objected'to on account of their, not paying: Burgage-.Rent, thei Counsel fair t he Sitting Members examined,.

- Jrffeph Slade, who said, That William/ William

Browne, John Withers, James Cowdalf and John Browne, refused to pay, the Burgage-Rent, due last Year, for she Houses for which they voted, when demanded of thein. severally by the Witness: 7\

Being crossrexamined, he said, That the ReafOn they all {except Cowdall) gave for their Refusal was, That Mr, Hillier was not legally Mayor of thei Town; but that the said Persons usually paid their Burgage-Rent before last. Year. /

In Answer to which,;

The Counsel for the- Petitioners, in the Codrfe of their Reply, with respect to Four of the said Five Votes, submitted theirfeveral Cafes to the Committee, upon the Evi- ' dence given on the Part of the Sitting Members: '

And, in Answer to the Evidence given with relation to James Cowdall,

A.Lease, dated the 30th of March 1741, whereby: John Withers the elder grants to his Son a Burgage-Mef- -fuage in WeJlbury, Sor Ninety-nine Years, determinable

on Three Lives: And also, '

Letters of Administration, granted the 37th; of 1742, to Martha the Widow of John Withers junior, . deceased, since the Wife of James Cowdall the Voter, were severally;produced. '

In further Objection to the Voteof John Bourne, as. having received a Bribe for his Vote, the Counsel for the Sitting Members examined,

Paul Aujten, vrho fzid, That a Day or Two after the Election, John Bourne being in Company with the Wit- neds, and several -others (some of whom voted for the Sitting.Members) at the House of Henry Barker-, he (Bound) pulled out of his Pocket between Twenty and Thirty Guineas; and said to the Company, 'I hat he had the -Money of Mr. Townjherid for voting.

But, to discredit the Testimony of Paul Aufttn, the Counsel for the Petitioners, in the Course of their Reply examined,

John Phipps and Charles Newman, who severally said. That they had long known Paul Austen: That his Character is very bad; and no Person who knows hirti will give Credit to what he fays.

Then the Sitting Members Counsel offering to examine Mrs. Hillier, the Wife of the Returning Officer, to prove an Offer made to her by one of the Petitioners of Five hundred Pounds, in order to engage her to prevail with her Husband to promote the Interest of the Petitioners at the said Election;

The Petitioners Counsel objected to Mrs. Hillier, as an incompetent Witness; (he being the Wife of the Returning

.21 Gfi.Q. IL

Mariii\

*19

' turning Officer, who ought to be considered m a Party, and interested in the Event of this Cause; and that the Charge, as opened, tended to aftedt tlufPotitioner, so as to . render him incapable of being a Member; and, in Chnfe-

- quence, to make the Election, as to him, void* although he should appear to have a legal Majority:

To; which the Sitting Members Counsel answered. That they trailed Mrs. Hillier to a Fa&, which, in this, and such-like Cafes, is incapable of/iny Proof, but by Evidence of the Person upon whom the Attempt is made;

- and that there could be no Objttdtiofito her Competency, because this Fad, to which fhc is called, does ngt

the Returning Officer, or tend to substantiate his Return.

‘ But the Committee being of Opinion that this Evidence was not proper to be admitted; /

The Sitting Members Counsel, in order to prove (Another corrupt Oder by the said Petitioner, examined,

Richard Bigtvood, who said. That Mr. Totvnjkmd came to him, and asked. him for his Vote; which the Witness refused, telling him, that he had hot pajda Bill of Thirty-one Pounds, due to him at a former Election for Beer: That Mr. Tozvnjhend said, That it he would Vdte for him at this Election, he Would pay him the Bill; but the Witness refused:

Being cross-examined, he said, That the Biltwasa just Bill, and the Witness had charged no more therein than what was dise.

Then the Sitting Members Counsel, to prove an unwarrantable Attempt by Mr. Charles , Witness

and Agent for the Petitioners, to induce Mr, Chrijhspher Read to give Evidence of Bribery against the Sitting Members, examined.

The said Christopher Read, who said, That he was at Mr. Micbelts House at Chittm*, in September lad, where

Mr. Townshend, the Petitioner, asked the Witness, if he

could be of any Service to him; the Witness answered. That he bad given his Vote freely against bim,.apd could be of no Service; That Mr. said, be would not

oder him Money.himself; but if he (the Witness) would talk with Mr. Browne, whatever Mr. Browne said, he . would confirm

That Mr. Browne came to the Witness, and asked him if he would accept of the Place of a Purfcf of a Ship under Commodore Michell, which he said was worth near Two hundred Pounds a Year: The Witness then desired to know what he mud do to deserve the Place: Mr. Browne made Answer, if he could or would swear and prove Bribery against Mr-or Mr. That the

Witness answered, he never saw a Penny of their Money; and could not do it if he would give him the Wodd: That the Witness never gave any Intimation to Mr. Browne tending to this Matternor ever saw him before to speak to him:

That, on the Fourth of January lad, the Witness again law Mr. Browne at Giles Sanger's-, who said to the Witness, " Will you be of Service, or not?" To which the Witness answered, he wished he knew in whatShapc; Mr. Broztnfe ,then asked him, if he would or could prove Bribery; an,d upon the Witness's answering in the Negative, Mf. Browne laid, then he could be of no Service:

Being cross-examined, as to the Occaliou«f his goir^J to Chitlern, he laid. That JVilhers came to has

Brother-in-Law Watts, and desired that he and his Wife would meet Mr. Townshend at Mr. Mie heirs, at Chit tern: That Watts asked the Witness to lend him his horse, ;and to ride before his Wife to Mr. Mit hell's

That Watts and his Wife were present when Mr. Browne fpokc to the Witness at Chittern: That Withers and Mr. Michell came in afterwards.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the

following Resolutions:

Resolved, '1 hat it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Bance, Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess

to I'crve in this present Parliament, for die Borough of Westbwy, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrqittee, That.Paw/ Methuen Esquire, is not duly elected a Burgess Vol. z 5.

109.

27.

to feyve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of ^eftbuiy. Westbury, in the County of Wilts. % Election*

Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Chauncy Townsend Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess

to serve in tlm present Parliament, for the Borough of Wftbury, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

.. That Matthew.Michell Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament, for the Borough of . Wtftbnrp, iothe County of Wilts.

The First ltefoLution.of the Committee being read a Second jtinae, was, upon the Qupftion put thereupon,

agreed to by the House. f

The Second Resolution of die Committee being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put* That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Paul Methuen Esquire, is not duly de&ed a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament* for . the Boijough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts;

The f Ioulp dividec^.,;

TI19 ^oes went

Tellers foe (he Koei|^; . }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The susbequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Westbury, In the County of Wilts, by rating

.out the Names of John Bance Esquire, and Methuen

Esquire, and infer ting the Names of Chamcey Townsend Esquire, and Mattkew Michell Esquire, instead thereof.

The Lord Dupplin also, according to Order, reported Lialithgow* from the Committee oCPrjvileges and Elections, the Mat-. ter, as it appeared to them, touching the ~Ele£lion for the

' District of Burgh's of Linlithgow, Selkirk, Lanerk, and Peebles, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thefeupon; anti he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Honourable James Carmichael

..... Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Re-

r turn of Laurence Dundas Esquire, to serve in this present Parliament, for the District of Burghs of

' ‘ . Linlithgow, Selkirk, Lanerk, and Peebles:

I Tbs Committee have examined the Merits of this ^ls&ioo.,

""By "the Minutes, taken at Linlithgow, on the ad of July 1747, at a Meeting of the Delegates of the Burghs Linlithgow, Selkirk, Lanerk, and Peebles, for the Election oFa Member to serve in Parliament for the said District of'Burgtyjf it appears, That the Sitting Member was elected by.Linlithgow, and Selkirk, and by Linlithgow's casting Voice - and that die Delegates for Lanerk and Peebles , voted for the Petitioner.

.Bilt the Counsel for the Petitioner alleged, That the ' Election of the Delegate for Selkirk was illegal, and ought to h>e, set aside, the Magistrates and Council of that Burgh having refused to take the Oath against Bribery and Corruption, and to administer the Oath to the Common-Clerk of the said Burgh, as required by an Act, made in the 16th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws touching the Election of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament, for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to rcQtrain the Partiality, and regulate the Conduct, of Returning Officers at such Elections: And to this Fa<ft hey examined,

Mr. William Waugh, Common-Clerk of the said Burgh of Selkirk, who said. That, on the 15 th of July last, he ' was present at a Meeting of about Twenty-four of the Ma-' gistrates and Town-Council of the said Burgh; at which

Meeting

Linlithgow,

Sec,

Election.

58b

i6a — 170

A. 1747.

Meeting the Topick of theii Discourse was about Money: That the Witness then signified to them, That the Law required that the Act: against Bribery and Corruption should be read at the Election of Delegates; and he read to them the said Act: After which, the Counsellors there present, having debated that Point, resolved. That, at the Election, the Act against Bribery and Corruption should not be read, nor the Oath put to any One Counselloror Elector.

That he was likewise present, on the 17th of the same July, when about 28 or 29 of the Magistrates and Town-Council of the said Burgh were convened, to elect their Delegate: And the Witness having produced to the Committee a Letter from Mr. John , Agent for the Petitioner, ^hereby the said Mr. , in the Name of the Petitioner, who had offered himself as a Candidate to represent the said Burghs in Parliament, required the Witness, as Town-Clerk and Notary Publick, to move the Prafes of the Council to put the Oath agaift Bribery

to every one of the Council, before they proceeded to chuse their Delegate; and, that the said Letter might be recorded, said, That he received the said Letter the Day before the Election, and produced it at the Time of the Election, and declared the Contents thereof; and, at the same time, had the Act of Parliament against Bribery in his Hand, but was prevented reading it by the said Council, who said they would have no Swearing of the Oath against Bribery and Corruption:

That when the Witness, as Common-Clerk, proposed to take and subscribe the Oath required, by the Act of the 16th of Geo. the 2d. to be taken by the Common-Clerk, before the Magistrates and Council proceed to Election, the Magistrates and Counsellors, then present, all declared publickly, That they would not tender such Oath: But they'gave no Reason why they refused it.

Being further examined, he said, That the Magistrates and Town-Council of the said Burgh are Thirty-three in Number.

Upon Cross-Examination, he laid, Tint after his offering to read the before-mentioned Letter from Wilson; as also after he, as Common-Clerk, had proposed to take land subscribe the Oath as above-mentioned, there was a general Cry of the Meeting against administering any Oath; and the Witness heard no One Person present contradict the general Cry,

The Petitioner's Counsel alleged. That they had further Evidence to impeach the Election of this Delegate, but declined troubling the Committee therewith; infilling. That they had fully proved the Illegality of his Election; and that the Vote of the said Delegate being set.aside, the Majority of Votes at the Election of a Member t'o serve in Parliament, for the said District of Burghs, Would then be for the Petitioner.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member acquainted the Committee, That he had no Evidence to produce in Contradiction to the Evidence which had been given on the Behalf of the Petitioner; and that he submitted the Sitting Member's same to the Judgment of the Committee.

Then so much of the said Act of the 16th of his present Majesty's Reign, as extends the Act of the 2d of his said Majesty's Reign, against Bribery and Corruption, to the Election of Commissioners for chusing Burgesses in Scotland, and prescribes the Oaths to be taken by the Magistrates and Counsellors; and ailo by the Common Clerk of each Burgh, at such Elections, being read;

The Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Laurence Dundas,o( Craig Esquire, is not duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Linlithgow, Selkirk, and Peebles.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, . That the Honourable James Carmichael Esquire, is duly elected a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament, for the District of Burghs of Linlithgow, and Peebles.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the District of Burghs of Linlithgow, Selkirk, Lanerk, and Peebles, by rafing out the Name of Laurence of Craightoun, Esquire, and inferring the Name of the Honourable James Carmichael Esquire, instead thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. West have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ca^r*» for veiling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, Efta<e' in the County of Suffolk, late the Estate of Thomas -thew Esquire, deceased, in his Executors, to enable them to convey the same pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrow-' - Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 17° die Martii;

Anno si* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1747.

P r A y 1 r s.

THE Clerk of the Crown, attending, according to Wefltarr, Order, amended the Return for the Borough of Linlithgow. Wefbury, in the County of Wilts; and also the Return for &c-Elect*ow' the District of Burghs of Linlithgow, Selkirk, , and

Peebles,

The Lord Harry Powlet presented to the House, ac- Hertford cording to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and; Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Roadl‘ Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of; and allb

the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton-, and for making the hud Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Edwards.

' Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bowes, See. for repairing the high Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of York, to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham; and from thence, through Staindrop, to Newgate in Bishop Auckland,; and from Newgate along Gibb Chair, to Gaundless Bridge; and from thence by Melder-Jtone Gill, otherwise Coundon Gill, to the Turnpike Road

near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ant]r?i for naturalizing Anthony Andrt and David Andri, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, was read a Insolvent Second time. Debtor*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Come-wall, Mr. Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Gray, Mr.

Tuckfeld, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Lord Perceval, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Lyster, Sir James Lowlher, Mr. Kinafton, Sir John Rufhout, Mr.

Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Hay, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Eger ton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. , Lord Harley,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Proby, Mr. Vyner, Lord Dnpplin, Mr.

Mitchell,

31 Geo II. ^-18

Mitchell, Mr. IJervey, Lord Sir William

Calvert, Mr. Pitt, Sir EdmIsham, Mr. Nor they, Mr.

Cwynn, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lord Cage, Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Mr;

Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. West, Mr.

- Mr. Bond', and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Supply Bill $ Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Window* House, according to Order, a Bill for explaining and j)u[y° amending an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament,

intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties: And the same was received* and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Pnmshment Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, of Trafon intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and h-'m t Putnfhnxmt of High Treason, and Misprision of High Scotland.* °* Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland-, and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other -Purposes therein mentioned; be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Difirming A Motion was made, and the Question beingproposed, tke High- 1'hat the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, l*nd»in made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, Sc#tian^* An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Drefe; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in , for not performing the

Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the same; and for explaining a Clause, in another A ft, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government; be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " and

inserting the Word " Tuesday" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Word "

stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmat ive.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Orders of the Day being read;

NavalCourt* Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Martul. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service.

Clandestine Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Outlawries, next, rcl'olvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

V'OL. 2 j.

Martii. .581

And then the 'Hfoufe' adjourned till 'tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 180 die;

Anno 21# Georgii IIdi Regis, 1747.

P R A t E It S.

MR. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty,

Copy of the Refultat of the Conferences between the Earl of Chesterfield and Mr. Trevor, and the Deputies of their High Mightinesse, March 30th, N. S. 1745; and, Translation: And also,

Convention between his Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, signed and concluded at the Hague the 5th May, N. S; 1745; and,

Translation.

And the Titles of the said Papers Were read.

The said Copy and Convention are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the said Translations are as followed!; viz.

Translation. Refultat of the Conferences held between Messieurs the Earl of Chesterfield and Trevor, and Messieurs the Deputies of their High Mightinesse, March 30th, N.S. 1745.

I.

The Number of Troops which Great Britain shall furnish next Campaign, in the Auftr Netherlands, for the Service of the common Cause, shall not be left than Forty thousand Men; but may be greater, if Circumstances allow it: the King of Great Britain engaging, in all Events, for Forty thousand Men.

To make out this Number, there are already in the Netherlands Twenty-four thousand Six hundred and Fifty English; which will shortly be entirely completed by the Recruits which shall be sent thither immediately, and ace already embarked in part; viz.Cavalry, Three Squadrons

of 178 Horses; Dragoons, Eighteen Squadrons of 179 Horses; Infantry, Twenty-four Battalions' of 816 Men.

The Body of Hanoverians which- is there, consisting of Seven thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four Men, viz. Sixteen Squadrons of Horse of 180 Horses, and Six Battalions of 814 Men, shall remain there till it be replaced by others, and till, without it, the Number of Forty thousand Men be still complete there; and what is wanting of this Number at present shall be supplied either by Subsidiary Troops, of which it is hoped the Number of Eight thousand will be there before the Month of May, or by new Levies to be made for the account of the King of Great Britain, by the Queen of Hungary, in the Netherlands, according to a Plan proposed for this Purpose, by which the Number cf Troops in the

Netherlands would be completed at the same time.

On the Part of the Republick, no less shall be employed than the Number of Thirty-nine thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six Men for the Service of the next Campaign, in so for as the Operations of the adverse Army, and the Necessities of the War, will permit; viz. Cavalry, Thirty-one Squadrons of 186 Horses; Dragoons, Fifteen Squadrons of 162 Horses; and Forty-two Battalions, One of Guards of 800, and the others of 750 Men.

Besides this, there shall be for the Garrisons at Namur, Tournay, and Dendermonde, Seven Battalions and some Detachments, making the Number of Seven thousand One hundred and Forty Men; and there shall be held in Readiness to serve in the Field, in order to replace others with them in case of Need, Seven Battalions in Reserve, making the Number of Five thousand Two hundred and Fifty Men; all this without including the Eight thousand One hundred and Fifty-four Men; viz. Cavalry, Eight

71 Squadron1:.

Convention

withHolkntf.

Convention

with

Holland.

582 18 "Marta.

Squadrons of 186 Horses: Dragoons, Five Squadrons of 162 Horses j Infantry, Six Battalions, Two of which are of 990, and Four of 900 Men, which are with the Corps that is under the Command of Mor the Due in Germany.

Great Britain and the Republick shall furnish, each to their own Troops, the necessary Field Pieces.

As to the heavy Artillery, it shall be furnished, Two-thirds by Great Britain, and One-third by the Repub-lick.

AH the Expences of the heavy Artillery shall be paid according to the same Proportion; and, in order to lessen them as much as possible, they shall jointly endeavour to effectuatethat the Government of the shall

charge itself with the Transporting of the said heavy Artillery, and its Train, by Land.

m.

In all the Expences of Sieges, with what thereunto be- . longs, Great Britain shall also bear Two-thirds, and the Repubhck One-third.

IV.

In all the other casual Charges of the War, not comprehended in the Two foregoing Articles, Great Britain shall pay Three-fourths, and the Republick One-fourth.

V

In case the Two Powers should think fit to promise, upon the Occasion of the present Troubles, new or farther Subsidies to any Courts or Princes, for the Advancement of the common Cause, Great Britain shall furnish thereto Three-fourths, and the Republick One-fourth.

VI.

None of the Proportions regulated above shall be alleged either on the one Part or on the other, nor drawn into Consequence hereafter, nor serve fora Precedent after that the present Troubles shall be ended.

Translation of the Convention between his Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries, signed and concluded at the Hague

the 5th May, N. S. 1745.

Whereas according to the Refultat of the Conferences held between Messieurs the Earl of Chesterfield Am-baflador Extraordinary, and T Envoy Extraordinary,

both Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, and Messieurs the Deputies of their High Mightinesse for foreign Affairs, inserted in the secret Resolution of their High Mightinesse of the 30th of the Month of March last (which Refultat has been respectively approved by his Britannick Majesty, and the Lords the States General) the Council of State has been required to adjust farther, with those who should be authorized for that Purpose on the Part of his Britannick Majesty what concerns the heavy Artillery for a Siege, the Expences of a Siege, and all other casual Expences of the War which do not relate to a Siege, the Whole more fully mentioned in the ad, 3d, and 4th, Articles of the said Refultat; the abovesaid Messieurs the Earl of Chesterfield and , authorized to that End by his Britannick Majesty, on the one Part; and Messieurs the under-written Deputies of the Council of State, as specially authorized thereto, on the other Part; have agreed together on the following Points:

Art. I".

A complete Train of Artillery and warlike Stores shall be formed, pursuant to the Lift which has been exhibited and approved in the Conference which has been held; and such as this Lift is to be found annexed at the End of these Presents, quoted Letter A, agreeable to the Proportion settled by the 2d Article of the said Refultat.

Art. IId.

On the Part of his Britannick Majesty shall be furnished, for that Purpose, the Artillery and wartyke Stores which he has in the Low Countries.

Art. IIId.

If it should happen that what Great Britain shall furnish in the aforesaid Manner should exceed its Proportion as to certain Sorts, the Republick shall supply so much the

A 1747.

less of these Sortsj on the Other Side, it shall furnish what shall be wanting in the said British Artillery and warlike Stores, in order to form a complete Train, according to the Lift above-mentioned.

Art.IV">.

What One of the Two contracting Parties shall furnish, with respect to some Kinds, above its appointed Quota, shall bceftimated by Four Commissaries,o(whoni each of the Parties shall name and constitute Two.

Art. V"'.

Afterwards a Balance of what each Party shall have fumished above its Proportion shall be made; and, as this Balance cannot but be laid upon Great considering

that in examining the Lift of the Artillery and warlike Stores which it has in the Low Countries, it has been found that this Lift does not contain Two-thirds of the Total necessary to form a complete Train, his Britannick Majesty shall cause to be paid forthwith, or, at latest, in a Month after the Signature of these Presents here at the Hague, into the Comptoir of the United Provinces, what shall be found due to the Republick, agreeably to this Balance.

Art. VI«>.

Two of t'le said Commissaries shall assist at the Forming of the said Train, and shall have the Inspection that each Party shall furnish effectually its Quota: When in this manner a completeTrain shall once have been formed in common, whatever afterwards shall have been consumed or broken, or what shall come to be wanting therein by other Accidents, shall be repaired or supplied at common Cost, pursuant to the said Proportion; in such manner, however, that the Republick shall cause the said Reparation and Supplement to be made; but that Great Britain shall immediately reimburseits Part at the general Comptoir of the Union here at the Hague, upon the Foot that the fame shall be due to the State, including the Expences of Transportation towards the Places where the Train shall then be, inasmuch as these Expences ought to be borne by the Two contracting Parties, the Whole agreeable to the Certificate which the Council of State shall give;

Art. VII"*.

The common Train of Artillery shall be delivered up to the Custody, Management, and Direction, of Two Clerks, One of Artillery, and the other of warlike Stores, already established, or who shall be afterwards established by the Council of State; which Clerks shall have their Servants, according to the Usage of the Republick.

Art. VIII">.

The Clerks and their Servants shall be paid in the manner accustomed in the Repubhck; of which Expences Great Britain shall bear Two-thirds, and the Republick One-third.

Art. IX'h.

They shall be obliged to give an Account of the Artillery and warlike Stores, which they shall have received, to the Council of State, and to the Chamber of Accounts of the Generality, which shall examine and settle these Accounts pursuant to the Regulations of the State, which shall fuifice for the intire Dischar^e of these Clerks.

Art. X*.'

A Duplicate of these Accounts, settled, shall be delivered to the Mmiller of his Britannick Majesty, wholhall be here at the Hague, to serve for his Information.

Art. XI"1.

At the End of the present Troubles, all the common Train shall be divided between the Two contracting Par-

o

ties, according to the abovesaid Proportion; so that each shall have, pursuant to this Proportion, as near as can be, its Part of each Sort; and shall withdraw the individual Effects which it shall have fumished, as far as shall be possible.

Art. XII*.

the Republick shall furnish the Directors and Engineers, the Officers and Servants for the Artillery, and Miners, according to the Lifts hereto annexed, quoted letters B, C, D, as also in case of an apparent or actualSiege, the Officers, the Sappers, and the extraordinary Servants who

shall

2i Geo. II. 18" Mat tit.

shall be then necessary, who shall be paid, agreeably to the said Proportion, out of the common Chest which shall be formed for the Artillery and for a Siege, as shall be more ful;y mentioned hereafter, and that upon the Foot that the said Officers and Servants are paid by the State, and according to the Liquidation which shall be made by the Chamber of Finances.

Art. XIIIth.

In order to defray the Expences as well of the Artillery as of a Siege, with what depends thereon, a common Chest (h ill be formed, pursuant to the Proportion in the 3d Article of the said Refultat of the Conferences held.

Art. XIVth.

The Administration of this Chest shall be intruded to the Person who shall be appointed by the Council of State for this Purpose, in giving sufficient Caution to the Satisfaction of the said Council of State, and observing the Instructions at the End of this Convention; which CommilTary shall be treated, and have a Salary, upon the same Foot as the like Administrators have been heretofore treated, and paid } thereof by Great , and -J- by the

Republick.

Art. XVtt.

The General who commands the Troops of his Bri-tannick Majesty, as well as he who commands those of the State, shall each name a General Officer, who shall together have the Superintendency of the said Chest, observing the Instruction int'erted at the End of this Convention; and, upon an Order signed by the Two said Generals, the said Commissary shall make the necessary Payments: The laid General Officers, or either of them, shall have Liberty to inspect the Accounts and the Chest of the said Commissary, as often as they shall think proper, in order to be always informed of the State of Things, and to be able to judge, in time, of future Wants.

Art. XVIth.

The said Administrator shall render an Account to the Council of State, and to the Chamber of Accounts of the Generality; and this Account shall be examined and settled according to the Order established in this Country, which shall serve the said Commissary for an intire Discharge: A Duplicate of these Accounts, thus settled, shall be delivered to the Minister of his Majesty here at the Hague % for his Information.

Art. XVIIth.

In order to furnish this Chest, Great Britain shall furnish as soon as possible, to the said Commissary, a Sum of 20 Florins, and the Republick of toT; and, when there shall shall be Occasion for more Money, the said Commissary shall have it in his Power, on an Order in Writing of the Officers mentioned in Art. 15*, to draw for as much more Money as they shall judge necessary} Two-thirds upon the Person who fyall bo appointed in these Provinces, for that Purpose, by his Britanmck Majesty } and the other Third upon the Receiver-General of the Union here at the Hague;(or which Intent the Two aforesaid Officers shall certify, at the Bottom of the Bills of Exchange which the said Commissary shall flgn, that it is with their Knowledge that they have been drawn.

Art. XVIIIth-

In case that, after the Account is settled, this Administrator should be in Advance, -J. thereof shall be reimbursed him by the Person whom his Majesty

shall have qualified here for that Purpose, and the other Third by the Receiver-General of the Union; and if, on the contrary, he should be indebted, that Residue shall be divided and remitted, agreeably to the same Proportion, to the said Agent of his Britanmck Majesty, and to the Receiver-General of the Union.

Art. XIXth.

Out of this common Chest shall be paid th* Expences of the Voluntier Labourers, Sappers, Fafcines, and Ga-

VOL. 2j.

bions, and other like Things which are made use of at a Corivehtidii Siege, on an Order in Writing of the General who com- "itl1 mands the Siege; and, at the Bottom of this Order, the oUaa® Two Commissaries overseeing the Chest shall certify, that the Payment is made with their Knowledge; and it shall be observed, upon this Point, that the Money necessary for the Payment of the said Labourers and Voluntiers shall be remitted to the Majors of the Trenches, who shall be obliged to make the Payment to the Labourers employed in the Trenches, in the Presence of the Majors of Brigade; the Payment of the Labourers employed by the Direction and Engineers, in Presence either of a Diieftor or Engineer; and the Payment of the Labourers employed on the Batteries, in Presence of the chief Officer of the Artillery, under whole Orders they have served; all which Officers, to wit, Majors of Brigade,

Directors, or Engineers, Officers of the Artillery, and others, are to declare, at the Bottom of the Lift of Labourers who have been employed, that these Labourers have been paid in their Presence.

Art. XX V

In order to supply all the other Expenses of the War, exclusive of the same of a Siege, such as those of Intelligence, and other Things intimated in the 4th Article of the Refultat of the said Conferences, and more fully related in the 4" Article of the Instruction for the Two Generals, Overseers of the Chest, inserted hereafter, a com--mon Chest shall likewise be formed agreeably to the Proportion mentioned in the said Refultat.

Art. XXP*.

The Administration thereof shall be intruded to the same Commissary, with the usual Salary payable by Great Britain and the Republick, according to the Proportion established of $ and £; and he shall give an Account in the same manner as has been mentioned above with regard to the Administration of the Chest for the Artillery.

Art. XXIP.

The same Officers, who shall have the Superintendence of the other Chest, shall also have the Superintendence of this, and shall have the same Power of inspecting this Chest as is above mentioned in the 15th Article with regard to the Artillery Chest: and, upon their Order in Writing, the said Commissary shall make the necessary Payments, excepting that the Payments for secret Intelli-

fence shall be made by an Order in Writing from the ‘icld Marshal Count Koningsegg.

Art. XXIIP.

In order to form this Chest, Great Britain shall immediately fumish 15* Florins, and the Republick 5", to the said Commissary.

Art. XXIVth.

And when there shall be Occasion for more Money, the said Commissary, upon an Order in Writing from the Two aforesaid Officers, shall be enabled to draw for the necessary Sums, to wit, }for the Portion of Great tain, upon the Person who shall be appointed here in Holland by his Britanmck Majesty for that Purpose; and i upon the Receiver-General of the Union here at the Hague; to which Intent the Two Officers mentioned shall certify,i at the Bottom of the Bills of Exchange which the said Commissary shall draw, that it is with their Knowledge that they have been drawn.

Art. XXVth.

Wh t the Commissary shall be found to be in Advance, after having given in his Accounts, shall be reimbursed him, according to this Proportion of and in the same manner, as has been above said, in the 18th Article, with respect to the Balancing of the Accounts of the other Chest, and what shall be found to remain therein, as is mentioned in the aforesaid Article.

Instruction

Cionventioa

with

Holland.

584 j 8° Mar tit.A. 1747*

Instru<ftion for the Two Generals, the One on the Part of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and the other on the Part of the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, who shall have the Superintendence and Administration of the Money designed, on one Side, to defray the Expences of the Artillery, and other Expences which happen at a Siege; and, on the other Side, to supply the casual Expences of the War, not comprehending those of a Siege.

Art. Ift.

The Two aforesaid Generals shall give Orders in Writing to the Administrator or Cashier of the Laid Money, according to the Exigence of the Cafes, for the Payments which they shall judge necessary for the Service of the common Cause, so far as they may be brought to the Charge of the Two Powers above-mentioned.

Art. IP.

As there is a Difference between Great Britain and the Republick, in the Proportion according to which each of the Two Powers contributes to the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, and to the casual Expences of the War, Great Britain contributing to the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, -f, and the Republick -f; and to the casual Expences of the War 4, and the Republick i; and as the Cashier, on account of this Difference of Proportion, will be obliged to keep Two Accounts, the One on the Subject of the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, and the other concerning the casual Expences of the War, exclusive of those of a Siege, the Two Generals aforesaid, in ordering the Payments, shall have Regard to this Distihdlion, and shall nuke Mention thereof with a particular Word in their Orders, in Writing, to the Cashier, for his Information; for instance, they shall use the Expression of " Expences of the Artillery" for the Warrants of one Soft, and of " Casual Expences" for those of the other Sort.

Art. IIId.

Pursuant to this, the Two aforesaid Generals shall cause to be paid, out of the Money designed for the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, the Pay and Day-Wages of the Directors and Engineers, of the Officers of the Artillery and their Servants, of the Miners, of the Clerks and their Servants, for the Train of the heavy Artillery, according to the State which shall be formed of it in the Chamber of Accounts of the Generality: Item, the Expences for repairing or renewing the heavy Artillery, and the warlike Stores which relate thereto, in case that this Reparation or this Renewal can be done in the Field or in the Neighbourhood of the Army; as also the extraordinary Officers and the Servants who shall be engaged in case of a Siege, as well as the Costs of Labourers, Volun-tiers, Sappers, Gabions, Fafcines, and other such-iike Things which happen at a Siege; and that, upon a previous Order in Writing of the General who shall command the Siege, at the Bottom of which Order they shall signify, that these Payments have been made with their Privity; and shall take care that it be observed, with regard to the Payment of the Labourers and Voluntiers employed at a Siege, that the Money be delivered to the Majors of the Trenches; that these do pay the Labourers employed in the Trenches, in the Presence of the Majors of Brigade; the Labourers employed by the Directors and Engineers, in Presence either of a Director or Engineer; and the Workmen employed on the Batteries, in Presence of the chief Officer of the Artillery, under whose Orders they shall have served; and that the Officers above-mentioned, viz. Majors of Brigade, Directors or Engineers, Officers of the Artillery, and others, declare, at the Bottom of the Lift of the Labourers who shall have been employed each Day or Night, that they have been paid in their Presence.

Art. IVth.

They shall cause to be paid, out of the Money designed for the casual Expences of the War, those of Jour-nies of Officers who shall have received a formal Order

to take these journies, the Trumpets and Drums who shall also have been sent by Order, the extraordinary Guides employed to shew the Ways, the Labourers employed to make Intrenchments, a Head of a Bridge, and other casual Expences of the War, and of secret Intelligence, but upon an Order in Writing from the Field Marshal Count deKoningsegg.

Art. V*\

They shall take care that no other Payments be made out of the isaid Money, than those, which, according to the Nature of Things, ought to be paid out of it; and, to this Purpose, a Copy of the Convention shall be transmitted to them, which shall be made with the Government at Bru£eUs, concerning the Transportation of

the heavy Artillery.

Art. VI*.

The Two aforesaid Generals shall take, from time to time, an exact View of the State of the Chest; and, when they shall judge it necessary, they shall order the Cashier to draw for the Money which shall be wanted; and, for this Purpose, they shall observe the Proportion mentioned in the zi Article of the present Inflruction; so that when Money shall be wanted to defray the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, the \ shall be drawn on the Perfoft who shall be constituted by his Britannick Majesty in these Provinces for this Purpose, and -J- upon the Receiver-General de Hogendorp here at the; and,

when Money shall be wanted to supply the casual Expences of the War, of the Sum necessary shall be drawn for, upon the said Agent, on the Part of his Britannick Majesty, and $ upon the Receiver-General of the Uniotf; and they shall specify, upon the Bills of Exchange, that they have been drawn with their Knowledge.

Instruction for the Commissary on whom the Administration of the common Chest shall be conferred, which shall be formed by Great Britain and the Republick, to defray the Expences of the Artillery, and others, which happen at a Siege, and also to defray all other casual Expences of the War which do not relate to a Siege.

Art. I*.

The laid Commissary shall not have it in his Power to make any Payment but upon an Order in Writing from the Two Generals, the one of Great Britain, and the other of the Republick, who shall be named to have the Superintendence of the Chest; and upon an Acquittance, in due Form, of those, to whom, according to the said Order, he must make these Payments; excepting, however, that the Expences of the secret Intelligence shall be paid upon an Order in Writing from the Field Marshal Count de Koningsegg.

Art. IId.

And as Two Sorts of Proportions, with regard to the Support of the said Expences, have been settled between Great Britain and the Republick, pursuant to which Great Britain bears and the Republick 4, of the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege; and Great Britain -J-, and the Republick of the other casual Expences of the War; the said Commissary shall keep Two Books, in One of which he shall set down the Expences of the First Kind aforesaid; and, in the other, those of the Second; and consequently he shall also give in Two different Accounts, as is said more fully in the 7* Article hereafter.

Art. IIId.

For the Instruction of the said Commissary shall serve, lft. That, under the Head of the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, shall be put the Pay and Day-wages of the Directors and Engineers, Officers of Artillery and their Servants' of the Miners, the Clerks and Servants who serve with the heavy Artillery; for which, Accounts shall be made out at the Chamber of Finances of the Generality: Item, the Expences for repairing or renewing th heavy Artillery, and the warlike Stores which depend thereon, in ale that this Reparation or Renewal can be made in the Field, or in the Neighbourhood of the Army,

as

11 Geo. II.

as also the Officers and Servants extraordinary which are taken into Pay in order to carry on a Siege; of the Labourers, Volunteers, Sappers, Gabions, Fafcines, and other such-like Things which are made use of at a Siege; as also it is fit that he should know, that the Money to pay the Labourers and Voluntiers at a Siege must be remitted to the Majors of the Trenches, who shall pay the Labourers employed at the Trenches, in Presence of the Majors of Brigade; the Labourers employed by Directors or Engineers, in Presence either of a Director or Engineer; and the Labourers employed upon the Batteries, in Presence of the chief Officer of the Artillery, under whose Orders they have served; and that the said Officers, to wit, Majors of Brigade, Directors, Engineers, Officers of Artillery, and others, shall declare, at the Bottom of the Lift of the Workmen who shall have been employed each Day and Night, that they were paid in their Presence. 2dly, That, under thq casual Expences of the War, shall be put the Expences of Intelligence, those of the Joumies of the Officers who shall have been sent by an Order in Form, those of the Trumpets and DrumS who shall have been also sent any-where by Order, those of the Guides employed to shew the Ways, those of the Labourers employed to make Intrenchments, a Head of a Bridge, idc. and other such-like Expences of the War; and a Copy of the Convention shall also be given to the said Cashier, for his Instruction, which shall be made with the Government at on the Subject of

the Transportation «f the heavy Artillery.

Art. IV*.

When he shall be able to foresee that he shall want more Money, he shall address himself to the Two aforesaid Officers; and shall draw, upon their Order in Writing, Two Letters of Exchange, the One upon the Person who shall be constituted in the Provinces on the Part of his Briiannick Majesty, and who shall be named to him by the said Officer of his Majesty; and the other upon the Receiver-General de Hogendorp at the Hague; at the Bottom of which Bills of Exchange it shall be specified, that they have beendrawn with the Knowledge of the Two aforesaid Officers; and, with regard to the Draught of the said Bills of Exchange, the Proportion mentioned in the 2d Article of the pretent Instruction (hallbeobserved; so that when Money shall be wanting to defray the Expences of the Artillery and of a Siege, 4- of the Sum necessary shall be drawn upon the Person who shall be constituted in these Provinces on the Part of his Briiannick Majesty, and the other f upon the Receiver-General de Hogendorp here at the Hague; and, when Money shall be wanting to supply the usual Expences of the War, of the Sum required shall be drawn for on the said Agent on the Part of his Briiannick Majesty, and the other £ upon the Receiver-General de Hogendorp.

Art. V*.

The said Generals shall be allowed Inspection into the State of the Chest as often as they shall require it.

Art; VI*

The said Cashier shall give, for the Administration of the Money which shall be intruded to him, sufficient -jujforial Bail here at the Hague, to the Satisfaction of the Council of State.

Art. VII*.

The Two Accounts of his Administration, mentioned in the 2d Article of the present Instruction, shall be delivered, within the Space of Two Months after the End of the Campaign, to the Council of State, and to the Chamber of Accounts of the Generality.

Art. VIir\

In case that the Cashier, by the Balance of the Accounts, be in Advance, he shall be reimbursed, according to the said Proportions, by the Person who shall be constituted for that Purpose on the Part of his Briiannick Majesty in these Provinces, and by the Receiver-General de Hogendorp; and if, on the contrary, he should remain Debtor, Reimburscment shall be made by him, according VOL. 25.

585

to the said Proportions, to the said Agent of his Majesty, Convention and to the Receiver-General of the: Union: and, for the with rest, he shall conduct himself as becomes a faithful Cashier, Holland, and shall take the Oath upon the present Instruction before the Council of State of the United Provinces.

Thus done and concluded by us the Under-written the 5th of May 1745.

Chesterfield, D. Van Robert Trevor. D. H.

O. L. Van Haren, -Jan De la

Viander Hoop. -

Separate Article.

After that the Under-written, in Execution of the 2d'

Article of the Refultat of the Conferences held between Messieurs the Earl of Chesterfield and Trevor, and Mef-sieurs the Deputies of their High Mightinesse, inserted in thefecret Resolution of their High Mightinesse of the 30th of March of this Year, have consulted with Mon-lieur the Baron de Reifchach, Envoy Extraordinary of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and upon the

Expences of the Transportation of the heavy Artillery, they have agreed farther with regard to the said Expences, that his Majesty the King of Great Britain shall take upon himself to transport at his own Charge, to Sas de Ghent, the Artillery and warlike Stores which his -nick Majesty has actually at Antwerp, in case that the General in Chief of the allied Army should require that the heavy Artillery should be assembled at Sas de Ghfnt; as also his said Majesty shall take upon himself to transport, at his own Expence, to Antwerp and to Sas de , according as the said General in Chief shall require, the Artillery and the warlike Stores which the State shall supply him with from its Magazines, pursuant to t he Convention made Today between us the Under-written, for as much as is wanting of the Quota of his Majesty in the Total: On the other Side, the Republick charges itself with the Transportation of its Quota of the heavy Artil lery to Antwerp, or otherwise to Sas de Ghent, according as the said General in Chief shall require: And after that the heavy Artillery shall be assembled together in One Place, either at Antwerp or at Sas de the Expences of the Transportation, (o far as they shall be at the Cost of the Two Powers, shall be supported agreeably to the Proportion settled of for Great Britain, and 4. for the Republick: And the Portions of Bread and Forage shall be furnished in the same Proportion to the Conductors and to the Horses which shall be provided on the Part of her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, pursuant to the Convention made, or to be made, with the Government of the Low Countries.

Thus made and concluded by us the Under-written, this 5th of May 1745.

Chesterfield, D. Van,

Robert Trevor. D. H. Verelft,

O. L. Van Haren,

Jan De la,

A.

The Balance of what his Britanfiick Majesty and the Republick shall furnifti each above their Quotas, in certain Kinds of the great Artillery, having been made by Thomas Lascelles, Inspector-General of Artillery and Chief Engineer, and Thomas Jones, Comptroller of Artillery, authorized by the Council of State, on the other Part, according to what is said in the 5th Article of the Convention made Today between us the Under-written, in such manner as the said Balance is subjoined at the End of this separate Article, quoted Letter E; it has been found, that, according to the said Balance, Great Britain owe6 the Republick the Sum of Fl. 319,098 11J Money; which Sum shall be paid, on the Part of his Bri-tannick Majesty, here at the Hague, at the Office of the Receiver-General de Hogendorp, in the Time appointed in the 5th Article of the said Convention.

7 K Tlits

18* Martit.

Languid*

L.dosure*

Examining Drugs, Sec*

Lord

Trentham's

£ftace.

18® Martii.

A 1747.

Thus done and concluded by u$, the Under-written, this 5th of May 1745.

CkefierfielJ, Fait

Robert Trevor.

O.

Jan De La Fander Hoop.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing certain common Pasture Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Languith and Pie/ley.and the Hamlets of Stony Hough-

ton and Shir brook, in the said Parishes, in the County of Jberby, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except Allen Lord Bathurst, Mrs. , Mrs.

and Mr. Hall; which several Persons have only Two hundred Seventy-four Acres and One-eighth of an Acre Freehold in the whole; and that the several Persons who have given their Consent to the Bill, have Three thousand Six hundred Twenty-five Acres and Seven-eighths of an Acre Freehold; and that all the said Parties have been apprised of the intended Inclosure; and that none of them have appeared before the said Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Hoofe; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

serve for the Counties of Stafford and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to band T«. consider further of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great,

for the Service of the Year 1748, be how read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Comfhittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act By®gY for veiling the settled Estate late of the Honourable Eflaie. Robert Byng Esquire, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Purposes therein mentioned 1 was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. George Montagu,

Sir Francis "Drake, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hale, Mr. Charles Torke, Mr. Hill, Sir Danvers Ojbo, Mr. Alfton, Mr. George Grenville, Sir Richard Wrottesley Mr. Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Lifer, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr.

Givynn, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kinafon, Sir Peter Thompson,

Mr. Grey, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Child, Mr.

John Gore, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Laroche, Sir Nathanael Cur-zon, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Curzon, Lord Perceval, Sir JVilliatn Stanhope; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bedford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in he Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Name* are thereunto subscribed. Apothecaries of the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of a Petition presented to this House, on the behalf of the regular Apothecaries of the Cities of London and Westminster: And alleging. That the Grievances in the said Petition complained of are iridifputably true; and that the same dojgreatly affect, not only the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Parts adjacent, but also the Town of Shrewsbury, and every other Part of the Kingdom: And praying the House to provide such Remedy in the Premises, as the Welfare of his Majesty's Subjects requires, and as the f louse shall judge necessary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Granville LdVefon Gower, commonly called Ixird Trent hum, to raise Portions for his younger Children; and also to explain and amend certain Powers for making Jointure* in thfc Settlement made on hi* Marriage with Elizabeth his late Wife; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. 7 homos Gore, Mr. Hardings, Sir William Stanhope, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Proby, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Charles Mr. Otven, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Harvey, Mr. wynd, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Peachey, Admiral Mr.

Medlycott, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Mackworth, Lord Burgh-ley, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Townshend, Lord Parker, Mr. Ord, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Banks Hodgkinson, Nix.-Hooper, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. Child, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lejlie; and all the Members who

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act % or& for inrolling the Will of George late Lord Viscount Lanes- i*nefeoreugh'* borough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all Courts in Great Britain and Ireland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Perceval, Mr. Fox, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Mr.

Thomas Gore, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Anson, Mr. Rebinfon, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Gray, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Mr. Pawlett, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Hooper. Mr. Tuck-field, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Child, Mr. George Grenville,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

ney. Sir Thomas Mofiyn, Mr. Frederick, Mr. , Mr.

Compton, Mr. Comewall, Mr. Yorke, Sir Richard Lloyd,

Mr. Winnington, Sir Danvers Osborne, Lord Barrington,

Mr. Taylor; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Surrey, Dorset, and Middlesex: And the are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Wednesday Morn- Way* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Means. House, to considerfurther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Naval resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Courts the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon Martial. Courts Martial in the Sea Service.

And

2t Geo. II.

i8* — 19* Marta. 58

And then the Hoafe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat i, 19* die Mar tit;

Anno a i* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1747.

P a V 1 r s.

Mmty &e. A BILL for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands

Dniotgt. jt\ in the several Parishes of Mangy, ',

Downham, tVitchford, and and in a certain

extra-parochial Plate, call Byall in the lile of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fellowes, Lord Strange, Mr. Gray, Mr. Janffen, Sir Richard Wrcttejley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Child, Mr. Mr. 'Thomas

Gore, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Parker, Mr. Colonel

Cornwallis, Mr. Hooper, Mr. M'kenzie, Mr. Williams, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Taylor, Admiral

To-unfeni, Mr. Lifter, Lord Perceval; and all the Members who fenre for the Counties of Huntingdon, Cambridge, Northampton, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

Pipifii A Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees.

Estate*. LefTces, of EHates of Papists, was read a Second

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Licensing a Petition of the trading Citizens of London, inhabit-

Pedlars*1 within the said City, and Parts adjacent, was presented

to the House, and read; Anting forth. That, in the 9th and 10th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, an Act passed for licensing of Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, to trade from Town to Town, or to other Men's Houses, travelling either on Foot, or with Horse, Horles, br otherwise, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwickupon Turned, except as therein is excepted; which said Act has, by Two subsequent additional Clauses, been continued for Ninety-fixand One Year, from the 23d Day of June 1710, thence next ensuing , and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Statute, however well intended, has proved of the highest Detriment imaginable to the fair Trader, by such as have been licensed practising illicit Dealing, and, under Cover of the said Statute, defrauding the Revenue, and abusing ignorant and unwary People with deceitful Wares and Merchandizes, to the great Scandal and Reproach of Trade: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Confederation, and amend, or totally repeal, the said Act; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the Act, that then, as an Equivalent for the fame, and to be appropriated to the like Uses, they would lay a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, on all Traders within the Limitation of the said recited Statute; and that the Act for that Purpose may be supported by such Clauses, on the behalf of the settled and fair Trader, and for the intire suppressing of Hawking and Pedling, as may appear most effectual to answer the laudable Intention of the said Equivalent5 or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabic.

Manchester, The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to

itc. Roa A*.ttbom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are

thereunto fubl'cribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's

VOL.

Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Towto 6f Mdn-

chester, leading through Newton, Failfw and Oldham, in the County Palatine Of Lartcaster, to , in the

PariDi of Saddlevoorth, in the County of York, was re-

ferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth $ viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The said Act was read.

And Mr. George Loyd, Cashier to the Trustees, laid before the Committee, an Account of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the Toll, of the Receipts of Money arisen by the Toll, and of Money disbursed upon account of repairing the said Roads; by which, upon comparing it with the original Books belonging to the Trustees, it appeared, That there is now owing, upon the Credit of the Toll, Principal and Interest, upwards of Four thousand Pounds; and that the several Sums borrowed, together with what had been received upon account of the Toll, had been laid out in repairing the said Roads.

Mr. Daniel Chadwicke, Surveyor of the Roads, said.

That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, ualess the Tolls be enlarged, and the said Act continued, and hutle more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act* made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to in the

Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York; and for making the same more effectual: And that the Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, and Sir Thomas Egerton, do prepare, and bring in, the same.

Mr. Fane according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bin| Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Lu>d Tax. granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1748, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Nani Court* House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ManW. House, upon the Bill for further regulating the Proceeding upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the (kid Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ycas, ^A^fotohrnnddty: } >'

Teller, for he Noes, *"""*' j 3«-

So it pasted in the Negative.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clevland took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Clevland reported from the Committee, That they

had

588. if0 — 21

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Arid then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

° Martii. . 1747-

John Cujl, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charier Mordaunt, Mr. Saville, Mr. CorMr. George

zvyn, Mr. Mellish, Mr. IVinningtonMr. Fane, Lord Perceval, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Ramsden, Sir James

Mr. Gwynn, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Mr.

Plumer; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lunce, 2i° Martii',

Anno 21* Georgii II41 Regis, 1747.

Prayers.

AndrfsNat. rg "1 H E House proceeded to take into Consideration 1 the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Andre and David Andre:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 6. After " Genoa," insert " John " Son of Grenier Fonblanque, by Ann his Wife, born in the Province of Guienne; Peter junior, Son of

" Paul Gauffen, by Catinhis Wife, born at Geneva; Gabriel Clarmont, Son of John by Mary his

" Wife, born at Bourdeaux; and Dirk Claes Lutkeman,

Son of Emanuel Lutkeman, by Maria Cloes his Wife,

" born at Amsterdam

L. 18. Leave out " and, " and, after " Andre' ' insert " John Fonblanque, Peter Gauffen, Gabriel " Clarmont, and Dirk Cloes Lutkeman / L. 32. Leave out "and," and, after, "

insert " John Fonblanque, Peter Gauffen, Gabriel Clarmont,

" and Dirk does Lutkeman

Pr. 2. L. 21. Leave out the Second " and

L. 22. After " Andre," insert " John Fonblanque, Peter Gauffen, Gabriel Clarmont, and Dirk Cloes " Lutkeman

L. 32 Leave out " and, " and, after " David " Andre" insert " John Fonblanque, Peter Gauffen, Gabriel " Clarmont, and Dirk Cloes Lutkeman.:'

In the Title of the Bill, leave out " and, " and, at the End of the Title, add, " and others."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

T^rds, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Cambrick* A Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an and French Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present w"‘ Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Carthew't An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, late the Estate of Thomas Carthew Esquire, deceased, in his Executors, to enable them to convey the same pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mitchell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Grenville, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Parker, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Wilson, Lord Offulfton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Curzon, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Willes, Sir IVm. Yonge, Mr. Vernon , Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Charlton, Mr Cholmondeley, Sir 22

A Bill for enlarging the Terni and Powers granted by Hertford an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke; and also the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; :and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harry Powlett. Lord Offulfton, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Tracey, Sir IVm. Yonge, Mr. Gray, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Webb, Lord Parker, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. OwMr. Mr. Colleton, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Turner, Sir Janies Lowther. Sir John Cujl, Mr. Kent, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Charlton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Savile, Mr. Sir Francis

Poole, Mr. Charles Townshend; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Surrey,

Dorset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Manchtfer, to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Termand Powers granted &c' Roads' by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failfworlh, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Auffer-lands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York; and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty Supply Bill; by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Lind Tax-Service of the Year 1748, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, viz.

At the End of Press 36, to insert " the Right Honourable Robert Lord Luxborough, of Shannon, in the " Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable George " Viscount Malpas, eldeftSon of the Right Honourable " George Earl of Cholmondeley, the Right Honourable William Viscount Petersham, eldest Son of the Right " Honourable William Earl of Harrington, the Honourable and Reverend Henry Hervey Aston, the Honouraide Charles Leigh Esquire, the Honourable Benjamin " Bathurst Esquire, eldest Son of the Right Honourable " Allen Lord Bathurst, Sir Thomas Gray Egerton, Sir Henry Manwaring, Baronets, the Honourable Sir Tho-

" was Whitmore, Knight of the Bath, Sir Richard Hoare,

" Sir Thomas Bootle, Knights, Thomas Ashton junior, de " Holford, Peter Brooke, de Meire, junior, Robert,

" Tobias Bretland, John Brerewood, Thomas

" ley, Crewe Chetwode, Roger Cumberback, Roger

" berback junior, William Drake, Edward Downes " junior, John Egerton, de Broxtcn, junior, Thomas Eger.

" ton, William Faulkner, Recorder of Chester, Fulk " Grevile, James Gordon, de Poulton, Peregrine Gaftrell,

" George Hunt, Allen Holford, Thomas Hall, de

" tage,* Jervis, de Bradwell, junior, Roger

Jackson, de Stockport, Thomas Lifter, Robert Lant,

" Edward Manwaring, Charles Manwaring, William " Moreton, Henry More/on, William Mabbot, Thomas " Maddock, de Chester, Richard Nangreave, Thomas " chard, Walter Peryn, William Robinson, Arthur Rawdon, Ralph Sneyd, de Keil, Richard Surridge, Thomas

" Tat ton,

2i Geo. II. 21 — 21 580

" Tat ton, de Golborn David, Ralph Thickness, Walter " War bur ton, Richard Wilbraham, Edward , de

Stretton, junior, Peter Walthall, de Wiftajion, William " Whitaker, Watts, Esquires, Samuel Alderjey,

" de Spurftow. Joseph Brereto de Alton, Thomas Crafts,

" de Alderley, D oft or of Divinity, Robert Frodsham, de " Roy ft on, G aft r ell, de Frodsham, John Leigh, de

" Lawton, Edward Manwari de , Robert

" Moreton, de Middlewich, Clerks, Norman Smith, John " Wilbraham, de St. Mary's Chester, William de

" Audlem, Clerks, John Adams, Daniel Ashley, William

" Bayley, de Hankelow, James Boyley, de

" William Bennet, de Great Saughhall, William Blagg, de Fence, Richard Broome, de Manchester, John Bagnall, de Macclesfield. John Craddock, George Craddock, Thomas " Craddock, John Croxton, Samuel Chur ton,

Randle Dodd, de Overton, Randle Dodd, de Edge,

" Thomas Dodd, de Namptwich, Thomas de

u Buerton, Richard Ederjor, Thomas Everett, James Ford,

" Charles Fletcher, de Wigland, Gentlemen, James Green,

" de Poulton, Samuel Glover, de Macclesfield, Joseph Hall,

" de Chester, Samuel Harrif de Tattenhatl, Richard " Nigginfon, de Whitchurch, Thomas Honour, James

Higginbotham, Thomas Jenks, de Whitchurch, John " Kel/fall, de Chester, George Lowe, de Chester, Robert " Lylliman, Samuel Lankford, de Macclesfield, Jeffrey "MotterJheadK Robert Meare, de Hough, John de

" Che/ler, William Norton, de Macclesfield, George Read, de " Chfter, Jf ph Ry lands, de Parkgate, Thomas Seel, de

" Liverpool, Robert Seel, de Liverpool, Philip Swettenham,

" John Stcnehewer, de Sutton, James Tomkinson, William " Tompkinson, Ralph Vernon, de Warmingham, Richard " Whifhaw, Joseph Wright, de Tarvin, Joseph Whiting hem,

" de Weaver Bank, John Wilson, de Sandbach, James " Williams, Thomas Walley, Thomas Weston, Thomas " Whickstead, John Webster, Joseph Witter, de Chester,

" Thomas Yale, Doctor of Ptwfic, Gentlemen, the " Honourable Richard Barry, of Morbury, Esquire, Sir " Henry Harpur, Sir Edward

" Daniel, the Reverend Sir William Banbury, Sir Philip " Tvuchet Chetwode, Baronets, William Aijlabie, John Afager, John Daniel. Richard William

Meredith, Thomas Maifte Richard Monley, John " Robbins, Henry Offley Wright, de Mobberley, Esquires,

" John Jones, de Churton, Samuel Kent, de Kinderton,

" William Watkis, Gentlemen

Pr. 49. L. 11. After " Sleeck," to insert " Archdeacon " Hole

L. 12. Before ,f and, " to insert Peter " Bitrnaford:"

Pr. 110. L. a8. After " Harris," to insert " Richard " Hufke:'

Pr. 134. I.. #4. After Ditkenfon," to insert John " Dinbam, of Spalding

Pr. 138. L 2. After " Rawlinson," to insert "John " Richards, of Spalding :"

Pi. 173. L. Before Charles Egerton1" to insert " Edward- Emmett:"

P . 178. L. 37. After " ," to insert *' William

" Martin

Pr. 201. L. 32. After " to insert "James

" Carr:"

Pr. 283. L. 4. Before " John Mitchell," to insert " Thomas Maundrell, Ralph Broome, Edward Mitchell A Hi the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, ThoX the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act 1 >r granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Lind Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year Oi.t thousand Seven hundred and Forty-e.ght.

Ordered, That Mr. F do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill; A Bill for explaining and amending an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing w Vot. 25.

the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties 1 was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdlm for the Y<e,g; I

Tellers for the Noes|j£; ] JJ.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Punishment intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punish- °/TJ,e.J^n w ment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, ja*d)| JJj " in the Highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Scotland. Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prjfccutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read a Second time Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more Disarming effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's ti e High-Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands j and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-Six; and for obliging the Maders and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to regider the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Miniders in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government 1 be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 2 2* die Martii;

Anno 21* Georgii IIa Regis, 1747.

Phatehs.

A PETITION of the principal Tradesmen of and Licensing within the City of Winchester, in the County of H*^ers

Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting Peilars* forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the 9th and '

10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, a Liberty is given them to trade from Town to Town, or to other Men's Hou!'e>, either on Foot, or with Horle or Horses, or otherwise, within the Kingdom of England, Lominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon;

which said Act, by subsequent additional Ciaules, has been continued from the 23d of June 1710, for Nmetv and Seven Yean; and that it is with great Concern the Pc-. 7 L tiuoners

D ized by

Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ditto.

Lingen's

Name.

Maney, &c. Drainage.

59°

titioners find, that the Liberty given, in and by the said Act, for such Persons to trade from Place to Place as aforesaid, has proved destructive to Trade in general, and a great Discouragement to all fair Traders, who, in all the Cities and Towns in Great Britain, bear the Burden of Civil and other Offices, whilst those who have been licensed under the said Act bear no Office at all, but daily carry on an illicit Trade or Dealing, and, under Cover of the said Statute, defraud the Revenue, and impose upon and greatly abuse ignorant and unwary People, by felling them deceitful Wares, and often at double the real Value thereof, to the great Scandal and Reproach of Trade: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Confederation, and amend, dr totally repeal, the said Act; and if it be the Pleafore of the Legislature to repeal the Act, then, as an Equivalent for the fame, and to be appropriated to like Uses, they would be pleated to lay a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, on all Traders within the Limitation of the said recited Statute; and that the Act for that Purpose may be supported by such Clauses, on behalf of the settled and fair Trader, and for the intire suppressing of Hawking and Pedling, as may appear to the House most effectual to answer the laudable Intention of the said Equivalent; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved ks to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the trading Citizens of the City of terborough, inhabiting within the said City, and Parts adjacent: And also, '

A Petition of the trading People inhabiting within the Borough of New Malt on, in Torkjkire;

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; severally setting forth the said Act; and that the Petitioners apprehend, That the said Statute, however well intended, has proved of the highest Detriment imaginable to the fair Trader, by such as have been licensed praftifipg illicit Dealing* and, under Cover of the said Statute, defrauding the Revenue, and abusing ignorant and unwary People with deceitful Wares and Merchandizes, to the great Scandal and Reproach of Trade: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and amend, or totally repeal, the said Act; and that if it bp, the Pleafore of the Lc* giflature to repeal the Act, then, as an Equivalent for the fame; and to be appropriated to the like Uses, they would be pleasecj to lay a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings, on all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; and that the Act for that Purpose may be foppqrted by such Clauses, on

.. behalf of the settled and' fair Trader and for the intire suppressing of Hawking and Pqdjfog, as may appear to the House most effectual to answer the laudable Intention of the said Equivalent ;- that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. -,

Mr. Lyfier reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lingen, and the Heirs Male of his Bpdy, to take and use the Surname of Burton only, purfoant to the Will of f

Button Esquire, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of teris, and Mepall, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and ot Earith, Cone, Somersham, Ridley, i,

*3

A. 1747.

and Warbois, in the County of Names

are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in the Middle Level of the Fens, being Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are advised, thatfhould the Bill brought into the House for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the Parishes of Money, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witchford, and Went-

worth, and in a certain extra-parochial Place called Byall Fenu, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, pass into a Law, as the same is now penned, it will be very prejudicial to all the Petitioners Lands which lie most remote from the Outfall in that Part of the Great Level of the Fens called the Middle Level, and will frequently occasion them to be laid under Water: And therefore praying, That the House will give the Petitioners Leave to be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill, before it shall pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard by themselves, upon the Matter of their laid Petition, before the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manors of Wookeing, and

Bagskott, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Surrey, to Abel Walter Esquire, and his Heirs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manors of Wookeing, Chabham, and Bags and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Surrey, to Abel Walter Esquire, and his Heirs.

Ordered, That the Lord Baltimore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, in the county of ,

in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bjllinat the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Cleyland, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had m^de to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for continuing, during the Time therein mentioned, the Wages of such Officers and Seamen of his Majesty's Ships, taken by the Enemy, as shall appear, by the Sentence of a Court Martial, to have done their utmost to defend the said

2 2° Ma.

Walter'*

Estate.

Earl Brooke's Eliate.

NavalCourts

Martial.

Pnri^Tifnt of Trcalon in the Highland of Scot-UwL

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Pipifts

Elates.

Disarming the Highlands in Scotland.

21 Geo. II. 2 2°-^23° Martii. $91

said Ships, and, finee the Taking thereof, to have behaved themf-lyes according to the DiicipSine of the Navy,

And the said Clause was twice read; and, upob the Question put thereuj>ou, agreed to by the Hou^t, to be made Hart of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; ¥

a* *'

An.! the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered to be added to the Bill;

The House was moved. That the loth and 14th Ar* tides of the Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the R.i*n of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the tftiblishing Articles and Orders for the regulating and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships cf War, and Forces by Sea, might be read:

And the said Articles were read accordingly:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the N gative.

T.ion several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grolf.d.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the in graded Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Sco; and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal ProlVcutions; and for making i'ome further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read a Second time T0-1 morrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, rtfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Dtvifees, and Leffecs, of Estates of Papists.

Ordered, That the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 19^1 Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the mote effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland', and for more effectually

securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for re-straining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Justicidry in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Matters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successfor?, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministersin Scotland-, and to oblige the Dirrftors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government; be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

Mercitrii, 2 ‘!Atihtoii4 Gepr^ti'*1 Regis, 1747. Prayers.

SIR Miles Stapylton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, dividing, And exchanging, the common Fidds, common Manures, tom-moh MeadoWs, dnd other Grounds, in the ^arior and Township of Fkteby, in Clevelahdin tRU North-Riding of the County of York j and for providing certain Re-compchees to the Impropriators arid Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Tythes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, Anid found tlife same to be true; and that the Parties Concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Margaret Atletey Widow, whp is Tenant for Life of in F.state of about Thirteen Pounds per Annum, and hath been apptifed of the intended In-ddfure, and witticd Succels to the pill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bify and mdde several Amendments thereunto; which tfbey had directed him to report to the House'; and he read 'the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments were ntfeeflary to be made to the said Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be-recommitteef to the Committee to whom the said Bill Was committed.

A Petition of the principal Tradesmeb of and within the City of Wincheflet, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, a Liberty is given to them to trade from Town to Town, or to other Men's Houses, either on Foot, or with Horse or Horses, or otherwise, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town or Berwick upon Tweed; which said Act, by subsequent additional Clauses, has been continued from the 23d of Juni 1710, for Ninety and Seven Years; and that it is with great Concern the Petitioners find, that the Liberty given in and by the said Act, for such Persons: to trade from Place to Place as aforesaid, has proved destructive to Trade in general, and a great Discouragement to all salt; Traders, who, in all the Cities and Towns in Great Britain, bear the Burden of Civil and other Offices, whilst fhofe who have been lidCrifed under the said Act bear no Office at all, but daily carry on an illicit Trade or Dealing, and, under Cover of the said Statute, defraud the Revenue, and impose upon and greatly abuse ignorant and unwaTy People, by felling them deceitful Wares, and often at double the real Value thereof, to the great Scandal and Reproach of Trade: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Corisideration, and amend, or totally repeal, the said Act; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legrcfature to repeal the Act, then, as an Equivalent for the fame, and to be appropriated to the like Uses, they would be pleased to lay a Tax, not exceeding Two ahillirigs a Year, on all Traders within the Limitation of the said recited Statute; and that the Act for that Purpose may be supported by such Cltufes, on behalf of the settled arid fair Trader, and for the intire suppressing of Hawking and Pedling, as may appear to the Horil'e most effectual to answer the laudable Intention of the said Equivalent; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet. Ordered, That the said' Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti(uled, An Act to enable Robert Burton, lately called Robeit Lingen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname

Facebjr

Inclosure.

Licensing Hawkers and Pedlara.

Lini-pri'*

Name.

59* 2 3° Martii. 1747.

of Burton only, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Burton Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Kefohed, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Examining Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to

Drug*, Jcc. whom the Petition of several- Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, Apothecaries of the Cities of London and Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and all other the regular Apothecaries of the said Cities and Suburbs thereof; and also the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Apothecaries within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Seven Miles thereof, on behalf of themselves, and all other the Apothecaries within that Distance, not free of the Society of Apothecaries of the City of London; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Rc-solutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions,

Letters Patent, granted by King James the First, on the Sixth of December, in the 15th Year of his Reign, were read; and recites, That the said King did, on the 9th of April, in the 4th Year of his Reign, by his Letters Patent, incorporate the Grocers and Apothecaries of the City of London; and lets forth. That it had been represented to him, on behalf of the Apothecaries of -dun, and also affirmed and appnved by Theodore de Mayerne and Henry Atkins, his Physicians, that in latter Years very many Empiricks, ignorant and unexperienced Men, inhabiting in the City and Suburbs of , did make and compound very many unwholsome, hurtful, false, corrupt, and pernicious Medicines, and fold and transmitted the same into many Parts of the Kingdom o( England, to the Reproach and Scandal, not only of the learned Physicians, and of the Apothecaries of the said City, educated and expert in the said Art, but also to the great Peril of his said Majesty's Subjects; and that, to prevent the Attempts of such wicked Persons for the future, his said Majesty, by the Advice of his Counsel learned in the Law, did think necessary to disunite and separate the Apothecaries from the Grocers, and to erect such Apothecaries into One Body Corporate and Politick, to whom, in all future Times, the Care and Amendment ofthofelnconveniencics should be committed: And therefore his said Majesty, being moved by the Petitions of the said Theodore de Mayerne and Henry , and also of the said Apothecaries, but chiefly out of his Regard for the publick Good, and to the end that the Ignorance and Ralhness of the aforesaid Empiricks, and ignorant and un-skilful Men, might be suppfeffed, from whence many Dangers daily arose to ignorant and credulous People, did, by those Letters Patent, disunite all Apothecaries, whether free of the Grocers or any other Company, from such Companies; and did constitute all Apothecaries, inhabiting within London and Seven Miles Distance of the lame, as had been brought up and were expert in the said Art, One Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of the Master, Wardens, and Society, of the Art and Mystery of Apothecaries of the City of London: And in order to prevent, as much as possible, the Dangers and Inconveniences daily happening by unskilful, inexpert, deceitful, and wicked Men, praftlfing the said Art, it was declared, That no Person, free of the Mystery of Grocers, or any other Art or Mystery of the City of London, and brought up in such Arts or Mysteries, should keep any Apothecary's Shop, or make, compound, prepare, apply, or administer, any Medicines, or in any way fell any compound Medicines, or medicinable Compositions, or by any other Way whatsoever exercise the said Art of an Apothecary, within the said Limits, under the Pain of

Five Pounds for every Month such Person should exer-cile the said Mystery; which Penalty was to be levied by Di.lrels, or recovered by Action of Debt, or otherwise, in the Courts at ffestminster: And that no Person should kfeep an Apothecary's Shop or Warehouse, or exercise the said Art, or prepare, fell, or administer Medicines, but who had been Seven Years at least Apprentice to some Apothecary, free of the said Mystery; and which Apprentice, at the Expiration of his Time, should be by the said Mailer and Wardens (calling unto them the President of the College of Physicians, or any Physician or Physicians by him appointed, if, upon Warning, such Physician or Physicians would be present), examined and tried concerning his Knowledge of Simples, and preparing, dispensing, and compounding of Medicines; and by such Physician or Physicians, and Master and Wardens, approved, before he presume to keep an Apothecary's Shop, or in any Manner exercise that Art within the aforesaid Limits.

And full Power was given to the said Master and Wardens, from time to time, to survey, search, examine, govern, and correct all Persons, as well Freeman as others, exercising the said Art, or any Part thereof, within the said Limits, as often as they should think fit; and they, or One of them, or some Assistants by them to be appointed, at convenient Times and in convenient and lawful Manner, might enter into the Shop or House of any Person exercising the said Art, or any Part thereof, within the said Limits, where any Medicines, simple or compounded, Wares, Drugs, distilled Waters, chymical Oils, Syrups, Cohferves, Electuaries, Pills, Powders, Troches, Oils, Ointments, Emplaifters, or other Things whatsoever, which appertained to the Art of an Apothecary, should be probable to be found, and to inspect, search, and prove, whether such Medicines, Preparations, and Compositions, were wholsome, medicinable, and fit for the Cure, Health, and Relief of the People: And full Power was given to examine and try all Personsprofessing or exetcifing the said Art, or any Part thereof, within the said Limits, concerning their Skill and Understanding in such Art; and to prohibit all those from the Practice of the fame, whom they should find Impostors, unskilful, ignorant, or insufficient; or who should refuse to be examined; and also all such Medicines, Preparations, and Compositions, as they should find unlawful, deceitful, stale, unwholsome, corrupt, unmedicinable, or hurtful, to burn before the Offenders Doors; and might also im-pole and execute Punishments, and other Pains and Penalties, by Fines and Amerciaments, upon such Offenders, at their Discretion, and according to the Ordinances made by the said Society; but expert and approved Surgeons might exercise that Art, and.enjoy their proper Practice, as much as belonged to the Composition and Application of outward Salves or Medicines only, so that they did not vend to others such Salves or Medicines, according to the common Manner of Apothecaries.

As to that Part of the Petition which alleges the Impossibility of the said Company's answering the End of their Incorporation the Agent for the Petitioners informed the Committee, That as the said Charter had never been confirmed by the Legislature, the Corporation conceived that they were not vested with a legal Authority to execute all the Powers thereby granted; and therefore had not, for many Years past, attempted to destroy any bad Drugs or Medicines.

Mr. John Staples was examined: Who said, That he is now, and has been, Beadle of the Company Thirteen Years: That he is well acquainted with the Shops where Medicines are fold within London, and Seven Miles round, and had constantly attended the Committee of the Company in their yearly Visitations, which were made as well to the Shops of Foreigners as of Freemen; and which Visitations the Foreigners had not ever refused to submit to: That he computed the Number of Apothecaries and Chymists Shops within the said limits, at about Seven hundred. Half of which, at least, he was of Opinion, were kept by Persons not free of the Company; but that

the

i Geo. II.

tifMartii.

m

ie Company did not visit the Sham of Druggists; nor id he include such Shops in this Computation.

Being asked the Question, he said. That when the if;tors have found bad Medicines, either in the Shops f Freemen or Foreigners, they only exprefi their Dif-pprobation of such Medicines, and desiredthat Gare light be taken to prepare better for the future t but did ot remember an Indance of the Visitors destroying any let! cines.

Mr. Samuel Crawton produced to the Committee Two nedicinal Compositions, which he said he bought for /enice-treacle and Mithridate, at a Shop in tear Covert-garden, called Doctor Butler's Dispensatory: ."hat the Fird of the said Compositions he purchased on he 17th of February, and the other at a different Time;

mt t hat he observed they were both taken out of the ime Pot: That the Quantity he produced was an Ounce of each, and for which he gave, as was demanded, a->iece:

lie further said. That he was an Apothecary himself; ind that the said Medicines are usually sold at trie Rate of 4 d.an Ounce in Apothecaries Shops.

Mr. William Watson, being examined, said, That he vas acquainted with the Business of Pharmacy, and had seen free of the Company of Apothecaries about Twelve fears:

And, being required to give his Opinion of the said Compositions, with regard to the fird-mentioned, said, That he thought it was very indifferent Venice-treacle, ind faded too (trong of Aniseed: That he did not believe it was made conformable to the Kule peferihet' by the Pharmacopeia of the College of Physicians; for that the Materials had been very ill prepared, the Ponders not well ground, ami some Ingredients might be faded which ought not to be in: That Venice-treacle should be compounded of about One hundred different Materials; and although it was impossible to discover whether every one of such Materials were in the Medicine, yet a Person (killed in the Business of Pharmacy might easily distinguish the principal Ingredients by the Tade.

Being shewn the other Composition, he said. He Alas of Opinion that both were made at the same time, and of the same Drugs; and that there was a greenish Colour, which ought not to be in either of the Medicines the said Compositions were fold for: That Venice-treacle and Mithridate were very different Compositions, particularly with regard to Opium, the Quantity of which, in the Fird, ought to be equal to ode Seventy-fifth Part of the Whole, but, in the other, to only a Two hundred and Fortieth Part; so that if a sick Person, who was advised to take a Quarter of an Ounce of Mithridate, should, indead thereof, take*the same Quantity of Venice-treacle, he might be drangled by the Violence of the Operation of the Opium:

That Vcnice-treacle, prepared with the bed Ingredients, cods the Apothecaries about 3 8 or 3 9 d. a Pound, and Mithridate rather more; so that they can afford to fell those Medicines, as they usually do, at Four Pence per Ounce.

Mr. David Little produced Two medicinal Compositions, One of which he said he bought foijVenice-treacle, on the 13th of February lad, at a Shop kept by Mr.

Oldham, in the Hay Market; and the other for Mithridate, on the 1 ath of February, at the same Place; and that he gave 6 d. for each Compcfition:

The said Mr. Watson said, That he believed the Quantity produced of the Fird was a little above Two Ounces, and the Quantity of the other something less:

Being required to give his Opinion of the said Two Compositions, he said. That he apprehended they were both the fame: That he could distinguish a Granger Tade of Pepper than ought to be in either; and that they were not black enough Tor Venice-treacle, nor yellow enough for Mithridate: That he could also distinguish too drong aTafteof Agarick, which should be in bothMedicines, but much more in Quantity in the fird than in the latter: Vox., 25.

That the said Cotnpositions'we»e so Vw^bad, he though t it impossible they should have been made by any 'Raid '; and that, as the Peppcr was'probably (ubdituted indead of much more exDenfive Ingredients, the Compounder was thereby enabled tlo underfed any Person. who followed the Directions of the.Pharmacopeia, or. < V 1

Mr. Edward Williams produced a mftdixinal OoMpd* fit ion, which he said he bought for Diafirerdram, at a "Shop kept by Mr. Frauk&md in OdfordRuud; about &rvea Weeks or Two Months ago:

Mr. John Hdl being examined, said, That htP'had practised the Business of an Apothecary Ten Yeafs, but was not free of the Company :<

And, being requited to give his Opinion of the said Composition, be laid. He should as fdon have guefied it to have 1 been any thing else as Diafcordium: That he coudd not distinguish with Certainty, by reason of its being greatly perished, whether it was compounded of the Drugs it ought to be; but did not believe it Was: That it was made of very bad Honey; and he was of Optnioft that it was not fit to be administered to ar'sick Person :'I The said Mr. Watson, being also a(ked his Opinion, confirmed the Evidence, of the said tot. Hit/, with regard to the said Composition's being very much perished, and not proper to be ad r inidered: And added, Thai Diafr cordrum ought to have a drong Smell of Cirtnam<it(,

Wnich this Medicine had hot. ' «»' -.0

The said Mr. Little produced aBall^which he said hfe bought for a Ball of Gascoigne's Powder, on the Y8 Gintf JFebruary lad, at the said Shop called Doctor Buster'vDiC-peniitory, and that he gave for it is. and td. 1

The said Mr. Watson being required to give hir Opinion of this Medicine, he said, That the Genuihends of it was not to be discovered by. the Taste, but by the Colbtif, when dissolved; and, after he had wetted and rubbed Part of it upon Paper, he said, that it had not the trfife Colour of Gaftoigne's Powder: That in every Pound 6f that Medicine there ought to be One Ounce of Orient

Bezoar; but, as that Ingredient is Very dear, it is'frequently omitted; and the greenish Colour, which it gives the Powder, imitated with the Juice of Spinnage, or some other Vegetable, or with a Preparation from Copper called Verditer, of a noxious Quality, and which, if taken in a great Quantity, will make a Person sick:

That the genuine Powder is easily distinguished from the counterfeit, by diluting them in Water; when, in the fird, the Bezoar will fink to the Bottom, and leave the Water clear; and, in the other, the green Tinge of the Vegetables will colour the Water:

He also said. That a Quantity of the true Powder, equal to the said Ball, might be afforded at the same Price.

Mr. Charles Dancer also produced several Balls, which he said he bought for Gascoigne's Powder at Mr. Hogarth's Shop near Sw allow-street, and at a Shop kept by Mr. Smith, near Smiihfield Bars, and gave at the Rato of Haifa Crown an Ounce at the Fird place, and 4;. an Ounce, at the latter, and asked for the bed Sort at both:

He further said, That he had practised the Business of an Apothecary 15 Years, but was not free of the Company:

And being required to give his Opinion of the said Balls, he said, He bad tried them, and was sure they were counterfeit Gascoigne's Powder.

Being further examined, he said, That, about Two Days before the Petition was presented to the House, lie went to a ChymiG's Shop in Bond-streel, kept by Mr.

Cecill, to whom he was known; and upon asking for some Vcnice-treacle and Mithridate, was told. That he ( Cecill) had not either of those Medicines: That, in about Half an Hour after, he sent a Person to the said Shop, to ask for the said Medicines; who was served with them, and brought them to him (the Witness); which Medicines, so brought, he laid, he was sure were one and the same Composition, and that, in his Opinion, very bad:

7 M And,

594

MartfL

A. 1747-

fwMirtrtj And b^irtp* (iiwd the Question^ lae said. That the *4Ac* Hstfan of hi* not producing the said Medicinta to the Committee, vtts, that they had nothin in his. Gostody cvor since. ' 'i ' v- ->i n

L JHe also produced a Liquid, which he said he bought forfmall Cinnamon-.watftr, at M t. ShadweifaSholp ia lActdtnha&ftiteti* t the Price of Six Bence a Pint:

< Being aikcd lus Opinion, he said. That it was very had Cmnanaoo-wafer* for it did not taste so ftrorigof Cinnamon as it ought; and that, if it had been properly made, it would hate cost: the Maker above double the Sum he (the Witnds) gave for it;

The said Mr. Wat fort said. That he was of Opinion the said Liquid was dtawn from a certain Bark called Cassia Caryophyllata; which is a Species of Cinnamon, but greatly inferior in Quality, and which ought not to be made use of in the Distillation of Cinnamon-water: That the Rule, by whickihe said Water ought to be piade, is, to cjiftill only jt Gallon of Water from every Troy Pound of Cinnamon 3 and that the Price Cinnamon bears, is, from. Eight Shillings to Nine Shillings every Pound Avoirdupois. 1 >

t, The said M r. Danceralfo produced Two Liquids, which

bn said he bought for Tincture of Rhubarb in Wine 3 and that One of such Liquids was purchased at the Shop of Mr. Daltnahoy, upon Lu about the 9th or 10th of February, at the Rate of 6 an Ounce; and the other

«( the Shop of Mr* Foot, in Hattan-garden, at the Rate of 4id, ftr Ounce;

H# delivered his Opinion of the said Liquids to be. That there was no Wine in either; but that Malt Spirits, let dotfflwHbWater, bad been fuhstituted instead thereof: i: The said Mr. Wat Jon said, That the said Liquids were not good Medicines of the Kind; and that Tincture of Rhubarb,; if made of the befi. Ingredients, which are, Rhubarb, Saffron, Cardamom Seeds, and Wine, will Rand the Compounder in 5}^ an Ounce, exclusive of Hoy Calculation for the Trouble.

The said Mr. Dancer also produced another Liquid, which he said ho bought for Syrup of Balsam, at the said Mr, Hogarth's Shop, at the Rate of Ounce:

He further said. That he saw the said Liquid compounded by mixing the Syrup of Mar(h-mallows with the Tincture of Ballatn of Tolu: That Syrup of Marsh-mallows (which ought not to bean Ingredient) he apprehended, was made use of to reduce the Expence of the Medicine; for that, if it had been prepared in the true Method, by boiling in Water the Balsam of Tolu with Sugar, those very Ingredients would have cost as much, or rather more than he gave for the said Liquid.

He also produced a certain Species of Salt, which he said he bought for Glauber Salt, at the Shop of the said Mr. Foot, at the Rate of Four Pence for Half a Pound: He said, his Opinion was, that the said Salt was not Glauber Salt, but Lymington Salt:

The said Mr. Watson said. That, in his Opinion, the said Salt was of a counterfeit Sort, made at , in

a much more compendious Manner, and of cheaper Ingredients than the true Glauber Salt; but as that coun* terfejt Salt is bitterer, and less transparent than the genuine, it is easily distinguished; And added. That he believed Three Pounds of the counterfeit are fold for Glauber Salt to One Pound of the real.

The said Mr. Dancer produced a medicinal Composition, which he said he bought the iSth of for

Diafcordium with Honey, at a Shop kept by Mr. Singleton in Bishopsgate-street:

Being shewn the Word " Diafeordal," which was written upon the Paper at the Top of the Pot in which the said Composition was contained, he said, That he (aw the Man of the Shop write the said Word:

The said Mr. Watson being required to give his Opinion of the said Composition, he said, That it was a very stale Medicine, and, by the Smell, he judged it to be made of falle Ingredients; for, in particular, he could not distinguish in it either Cinnamon or Honey, which are Part 20

of the proper Materials: That if this Medicine had been rightly compounded, he (houkl not have thought it stale if it had been kepi Two Years; nor would the Smell nave been loft; though the Colour would probably have been ch&tiged. '

Mr; Samuel Deepup produced a Drug, which he said be bought for Rhubarb-root, at the Shop of Mr. Albom in Fore street, on the 04th of February' last, and gave One Shilling for a Quarter of an Ounce of it:

He also produced a Powder, which he said he bought for Powder of Rhubarb at the same Place:

The {kid Mr. Watfou, being shewn the said Drug and Powder, said, That the Drug was very ok! Rhubarb, and of a very bad Sort: And added, That he hiiriself fells the bed Sort of Rhubarb at the Rate of for a Quarter of an Ounce: That the Powder was not Rhubarb; and, if he had not been told, he should not have been able to have determined what Drug it was fold for.

The said Mr. Deepup also produced Two Papers of Powder, One of which he said he bought at the Shop of Messieurs Kent and Catverley, in the Borough of Southwark j and the other at the Shop of Mr. in Shoreditch; and that the Powder in both the said Papers was sold to him-for Powder of Rhubarb:

The said Mr. Watson said, That the Powder purchased at Kent and Cahierley's was better than the Powder before produced, but very bad of the Kind; and that the Powder purchased at Bird's was a very indifferent Sort, but of a superior Quality to either of the other Two.

Mri Deepup also produced another Powder, which lie said he bought at the said Mr. Rifats Shop for Bark:

The said Mr. Wat Jon said, That this Powder was as taste-less and bad Bark as if an Extract had been made from it: And the said Mr. Deepup, being called in again, laid, That, when he purchasecf the said Powder, he asked for the bed Bark 1 and Bird told him It was the best:

He then produced a Liquid, which he said he purchased at the (kid Mr. Albon 8bop for Tincture of Senna:

Mr. Watson said, That it was not the Tinftpre, but an Infuliion of Senna: That there was Salt of Tartar in it, which should not bej and Brandy which ought to be in it, was not.

The said Mr. Deepup also produced a medicinal Composition, which he said he boughc at the said Mr. Albone's Shop for Confeftio Cardiaca:

The said Mr. Dancerf&id that this Composition was not Confedio Cardiaca; but Gonfcdio Rawleighapa, which, in the old Difpcnfatofy, was Hireded to be made; but, in the new, Confedio Cardiaca was substituted instead thereof:

Mr. William Sheapherd also said, That the said Composition appeared to him to be Confedio Rawleighapj, if it could properly be called any thing; for he was of -Opinion it was not a good Medicine of any Sort.

The Petitioners acquainted your Committee, That they had various other Proofs of the Vending of bad Medicines; but your Committee did not thimeit necessary to examine further into that Particular,

The laid Mr. Watson said, he was of Opinion, That Two-thirds of the Medicines used in the Country are (ent from London; and that thisTrade is almost intirely in the hands of the DruggiftS and Chymists.

Being asked, Whether he knew any thing more of the Chymists and Druggists fending bad Medicines into the Country, than the Judgment he formed of their Practice upon seeing the Specimens produced to him at the Committee ? he laid, hedid not; but that he had-heard them say, when Fault had been found with their Medicines* that they would serve their Country Customers.

That the Medicines sent to the East Indies are furnished by the Two Bevans, Apothecaries; whose Medicines, he was of Opinion, from what he had seen, were very good: That the West-India, and other Merchants, almost uni-verfally purchase of the Druggists or Chymists, who he did not believe fold cheaper than the Apothecaries

Being

a i Geo. II. ^5° Marty. 59$

Being asked, Whether fewenil Merchants were not formerly supplied with Medicine* at Apothecaries HoR ? he said, They were; but.those Dealing* being considered as a HardHnp upon the Individual*, by depriving them of that Bufioef*. the Company had agreed not to fopply any Merchant. .1

Mr. Edmund Stallard, being examined, laid, That he served an Apprenticeship to a regular Apothecary Uk Lrn-don\ and had *&ed a* Operator, which he explained to mean Compounder of Medicines, first to Mr. Midgky a Chymist, then to Mr. Hall« Drnggrit, and was afteth wards concerned inPertnerlbip in the ChymicaJ. MuQneA himself j That, when be was employed by Mr. he understood that Two Sorts or Medicines wefe made, which were distingudhed by the JvaincVof r<rr*» and varum; and had foot discovered That to be the common Pratt fee in abovf an Hundred Qbvmifts and: Druggists Shops; and though he knew feverd Chymists and Drug-gifts had compounded and vended the very best Sort of Medicine#, vet he was of Opinion they were all under a Necessity of preparing the Non varum Sort to supply Country Apothecaries, and other Customers, who often asked for Medicines at such Prices a* the genuine could not be afforded aft and that, particularly, when he was in the Business, his Partners and himlieU were frequently obliged to make the Non veru on purpose toiurnish Dealers in the Country at the very low Prices they ex-praffed in their Orders,

And he added. That an Ounce of a Medicine of the Verum Sort, worth 5 a.wm commonly fold, of the Non verum, at about the Proportion of Two Shillings.

That, for want of a proper Inspection, Non verum Medicine* were frequently sold by Chymists and Drug-gifts to Apothecaries in Town; but could not say he knew any of good Reputation in that Bufioefi, who had bought such Medicines.

That he had also known bad JMtidfciocs often exported to the Plantations; and had frequently seen, on board of Ships returned from a Voyage, Medicines which he was positive were never good.

Being asked. What Use the Druggists made of the Refuse of Drugs* which the Apothecaries would not buy ? he said. That what they could use they made into Tinctures; but that, in general, be had known some Apothecaries buy, and make into Medicines, the worst Drugs,1 and dispose of them better than either the Chymists or Druggists; but this, he laid, was only practised by those Apothecaries who lived in Placet where Persons, not brought up in the Bufinefe, had, by felling at alow Price, obliged such Apothecaries to buy the worst Ingredients, in order to be able tp fell as cheap; and did not know whether those Apothecaries were liable to any Inspection.

He said further. That all the Powders used in the Farrying Business were fold far left than the genuine Roots would eoft.

The Cause of the Sale of bad Medicines, he laid, he was of Opinion, was owing in a great measure to Persons setting up in the Trade of an Apotbecary'without having any Knowledge in the Art; and who, by vending bad Medicines, undersold the regular Apothecaries; who were thereby necelfitaied also to keep the worst Sortments, particularly the Apothecaries in the Country; and mentioned an Instance of his having known a Drum-mar practise the said Business.

Mr. John Hornidge laid. That he served an Apprentice ship to, and now practises, the Business of an Apothecary } but, before h« set up, was Operator at an Ela-boratory in Old Fi/hstreet, where only One Kind of Medicines was made, and that in general pretty good: That he could not say they were compounded from the best or the worst, but in general from a middling. Sort of Simples: That, when he compounded, he had always the Pharmacopeia before him; and that he always strained the Gums, but was not very nice in either picking or draining the other Ingredients.

And be added. That, if all Chymists prepared as good Vol. 25.

Medicines as was cqmpotVKled at thi* Pla^e, he.apprehended there wopld, not be Id great Occafian a* thw? ipj Dr<*c. for some Regulation,

The said Mr. Wqtfon said. He hfd Rc^son to believe: that more Persons kept Chymists and Druggists Shops, who never served any Appxentfeeftnp to either of those Bufioeifya than there arc who hays; and that, in hi? own.

Neighbourhood, he had known Hatter* a Barber, a Linendraper, and a Writipg-master* who set bp in, and practised, the said Bufinefies, and compounded Medicine* yifi ted Patients, and jprescribed Pfiyfifk.

Then an A <ftqf Parliament, made in the 14th and 75th Yeans of the Reign of King Hour] the Eighth, wa*. read i which Act recite* and confirms certain dUtteis Patent granted by the said Kfog, whereby it was, directed,'That;

00 Person should exerqjfo the Faculty of Pfiyfick within London, or Seven Miles Distance of the lame, unjefs be was admitted, by Letters under the Seal of the College of Physicians, to practise the said Faculty, under the penalty of L-S, for every Month such Person.so prattHpd,

And an Act of Parliament, made in the |§th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was also read; which Act recites certain Letter^ Patent granted by King Charles the First, whereby it was ordained, That no Person, whether free of the Society of Surgeons of London, or a Foreigner.

should exercise the Art of Surgery within the City of London, or Seven Miles Distance of the fapge (except such Physicians as where therein mentioned) unfefi fuejv Person was first examined, in the Presence of Two of thpi Governors of the said Commonalty, by Fpur^xamii>ers, and, by the publick Letters Testimoniai oft lie same Go\ vernors, under their common Seal, approved of, and ad- mitted to exercise the said Art, under the Penalty in the: said Letters Patent mentioned; which Part of the said Letters Patent was by the said Act confirmed.

Then the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Rejalved, That it it the Opinion of this Committee.

That the Petitioners have proved several of the Allegations of their Petition.

Rejo/vod, That it i* the Opinion of Committee,

That the House be moved, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Making and Vending nf counterfeit, falle, and pernicious Medicines, and medicinal Compositions, within the Cities of and West-

minder, and Seven Mile* of the said City of London.

The House was moved, That Part «?f an Act, made in the xeth Year of the Reign of his Jatni Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better view- ing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines,

Waters, Oils, Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Safe, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City; and which said Act was by another Act, made in the 13th Year of his said Majesty* Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned, relating to Copper Bars exported; and for better preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts; and for searching Drug*, and Compositions for Medicines; further continued for the Space of Three Years, and from thence ro the End of the then next Session of Parliament; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That I^eave be given to bring in a Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the loth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled,

An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oil*, and Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Safe, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City: And that Sir William Calvert, Mr, Plumptre, Mr. Charles Townshend,

Mr. Hardinge, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Hay, Lieutenant-

General Oglethorpef and Mr. Mel, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered,

Account of Indigo imported.

Languith

Iiclosure.

Wolverhampton, See. Roads.

PanUhment of Treason in the High-laud* of Scot-laad.

5 96 2$° Martii. 1747.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Indigo imported for Ten Years past, distinguishing each Year, and how much from America, Europe, or as Prize.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing certain common Pasture Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Languith and Plefley, and the Hamlets of Stony Houghton and Shir-

hook, in the said Parishes, in the County of Derby, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing certain common Pasture Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Languith and Plefley, and the Hamlets of Stony Houghton and Shirbrook, in the said Parishes, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called The Mott-house, and through^ Wood-end Lane, to the Town of Waif all; and from SneaPs Green, through Peake-house Lane, to Wa/fall aforesaid; and from through

the Towns of Willinhalland Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet Lane, leading from Bilflon, to the Town of Wolverhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to Bridg:north, in the County of Salopand from

Wolverhampton, through Tettenhall, to the and

from thence to Shiffnall, in the said County of; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newport-, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfi; was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made. That the Bill be committed;

The House was moved. That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Fr eholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the Bill be Committed to Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Wilfen, Mr. Carter, Mr Webster, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Parker, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Proby, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Banks Hodgkinson, Mr. Barbor, Mr. George Selwyn, Mr. Baptist Leveson Gower, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Chetwynd senior. Sir John Act ley, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bodville, Mr.

Mr. Brereton, Sir Richard Corbett, Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Gray, Sir Rickard Lloyd, Mr. Anson, Sir Hugh Sniitbfon, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Tuckfield, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Crewe, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Leighton, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lyfier, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Heruey, Mr. Mackworth, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Curzon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial artd Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland-, and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be now read:

And the said Order beinjr read accordingly;

The laid Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee' of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole' House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day; for the Second: Reading of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual,' an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland\and for more effectually re-curing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying fjch Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Maders and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chap ains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to regider the fame: and for explaining a Clause, in aqofher Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters' of Orders of Epitiropal Miniders in; and to ob-

lige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to thfc Government; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the laid Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for confirminjg and establishing Agreements for inclosing and exchangingLands in Holton, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing Agreements for inclosing and exchanging Lands in Holton, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of thq Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devi-fees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Di (arming the Highlands in Scotland.

Holton

lodofae*

Supply.

Way* a id Means*

Papists

Efhtcs.

2i Geo. II

Army tiny and rlcrtion.

licet and mploy-ucnit.

t rat ford Water om patty.

NeAdtU'

Name.

Ditto.

African

Trade.

24* Martii. 597.

jfovis, 240 dfe Martii-,

Anno 21* Georgii II" Regis, 1747.

Praters.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The L onis have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering George Montgomerie and Thomas ^r./l'.squires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Unde; taking for furnishing 1 he Inhabitants of tiic several P.: ih-ts and Places of Stratford, West-Ham, Boui, , Mile-End, Stepney,

and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undeitaking, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Richard fVeddell Esquire, lately called Richard Elcock, and his Issue, to take and hear the Surname and Arms of Weddell, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Weddell Esquire, deceased; and for in.powering the said Richard Weddell, and those in Remainder after him, to make Leases of the Estates deviled to him and them by the said Will: To which the Lords desire the-Concurrer.ee of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Beginning; and that it is fa far from being in any Danger of being loft, that the British Subjects never made lo near an Approach to a total erigrofling of it as they now do -, and that the Dutch have not the Number of Ships on the Coast they formerly had j that the Portvguefe appear fel-dom; and that the French, our most dangerous Rivals in Trade, are quite drove out of it, the Petitioners not having heard of a Ship of theirs upon the Coast for some Years past, except One, which was an Angola in September last; and that, if a free and open Exercise of it be still allowed, in the manner it now is, with the Protection' of Two or Three Ships of War on the Coast, the Petitioners will engage to preserve to Great Britain the principal Share in the African Trade, against all powerful Companies and Competitors whatever, without seeking Or receiving the least Benefit or Security from any of the Forts, Castles, or Settlements, on the Coast; none of which, the Petitioners are convinced, canever lerveTradp, protest our Ships, or annoy an Enemy and Cape

Coast excepted): And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, if, by Inquiry into Fasts, and many Years national Experience, our State of this Trade be confirmed as above, that it will appear to this House altogether un-j necessary to make any Alteration in the Manner of carrying it on; but if it should appear otherwise, through any artful Suggestions of a Set of Men who envy the separate Traders in the Out-ports the present Share they hold in this Branch of Trade; that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before any Resolution ip formed relating thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants of London, and others, interested in, and trading to, Africa, and the Colonies and Planta-i

tions in America.

An ingfoffed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Weddell Esquire, lately called Richard Elcock, and his Ilfuc, to take and bear the Surname and Arms cf Weddell, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Weddell Esquire, deceased; and for impowering the said Richard Weddell, and those in Remainder after him, to make Leases of the Estates deviled to him and them by the said Will; was read the First time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned in the Trade to Africa, from the Port of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; expressing the Surprize of the Petitioners to find, in the Votes of this House, of the 14th Instant, a Petition of several Merchants of London, and others, interested in, and trading to, Africa, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America, letting forth, " That the British Trade in general to the Coast of Africa, is in Danger of being loft to this Nation; and that it never can be supported and preserved against the powertul Competition of other Joint-Stock Companies, without keeping and maintaining, and * even increasing, the Number of our Forts, Castles, and Possessions, on that Coast, in the Hands of a Company with a sufficient joint Stock to maintain and sup- port their said Forts and Settlements, for the Protection " and Security of all his Majesty's Subjects trading to " those Parts, against all Insults from the Natives, and " Encroachments of other foreign po werful Companies, " upon the British Rights on that Coast " and, in order to shew how groundlels all thefa Allegations are, referring to the present State of our African Trade, and the many great Advantages arising to the Nation in general from it: And setting forth. That the Petitioners are fully persuaded, if a fair Account of the Ships now engaged in it was laid before the House, it would fully rppear, that the Trade has been gradually, for many Years past, extended and enlarged, till it now (lands in the most (lourishing Way, and higlieit Degree of Improvement, ti e Naiian ever knew at any One former Period of Time since its VoL. 25.

A Petition of the trading Inhabitants of the Borough Licensing of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, and Parts adja- ker* cent; and also,; Fedl‘rs-

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Capital Burgefl'es. Shopkeepers, and Tradesmen of the Town of Cardiff, in the County of Glamorgan;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fe-vcrally alleging. That the Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King William tire Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader and the Revenue: And therefore praying. That the House will amend or repeal the said Act; and, if it be the Pleasure of the Legislatuie to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent for the fame, aTax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid on all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants and Traders of the Borough of Lynn Regis, commonly called King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, was also presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as are mentioned in the Two preceding Petitions: And praying.

That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and amend, or totally repeal, the said Act; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hume reported from the Committee appointed to Assurances of consider of Heads of a Bill for better regulating of Af- Ships, &c. furances on Ships, and Goods laden thereon; and for preventing Frauds therein; That the Committee had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as followeth;

7 N Resolveedt

Assurance* of Ship*, &c.

598

24 Mar

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all A durances upon any Goods or Merchandizes, or Freight, where the Interest of the Assured is, by the Policy, valued at a Sum certain, or is valued at the Sum allured, or no particular Value is set thereupon, the Af-sured shall, in case of Loss or Damage, total or partial, recover only according to the true and real Value of the Goods and Merchandizes assured at the Place where the same were shipped, or the net Freight which would be due if the Ship had arrived safe, together with the Premium of such Assurance; but this shall not extend to prevent the Fixing of a particular Value in the Assurance upon the Weight, Measure, or Tale, or upon each Calk, Bale, or usual Parcel or Package, of each Sort of Goods or Merchandizes, which make up the interest of the Af-sured, or such Part thereof as shall be valued, as aforesaid, according to the Weight, Measure, Tale, or Calk, Bale, or usual Parcel or Package, by which such Goods or Merchandize are usually purchased or shipped at the Place where the said Goods or Merchandize, so valued, are purchased or shipped; provided that each Sort of Goods or Merchandize, so valued as aforesaid, be specified in the Assurance: and in case of Loss or Damage, total or partial, the Assured shall recover according to the Value fixed in the Assurance for the Goods the Assured hath loft, or which have been damaged, in proportion to the Value set upon the Goods, in manner before-mentioned.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Assurances upon any Ship or Vessel, or Share thereof, in which the said Ship, Vessel, or Share thereof, is valued at a Sum certain, or at the Sum assured, or no articular Value is set thereupon, the Assured shall, efore the Execution or Under-writing of such Assurance, specify in the Assurance the estimated Burthen of such Ship, and whether the Ship be of British Plantation, or foreign-built, and the Value of such Ship, and upon what Share of the Ship such Assurance is made; and, in case of total Lois, the Assurer shall, notwithstanding the Value is specified in the Assurance, as aforesaid, be at Liberty to controvert the Value of such Ship j and in case it shall appear, that the Assured has overvalued the said Ship, or Share thereof, Part, or more, in

such same the Assured shall recover only the true and real Value of the said Ship or Share; but in case the Value specified in the Assurance shall not exceed the true and real Value by Part, or more, then the

Assured shall recover according to the Value specified in the Assurance; and in all Actions to be brought upon such Assurances, the Assurer, if lie intends to controvert the Value of the Ship or Share specified in the Assurance, shall, together with his Plea to the Declaration, give notice to the Assured, that he intends, at the Trial of the said Action, to controvert the said Value; but in all Assurances upon any Ship, or Share thereof aforesaid, in which the Burthen and Built of such Ship is not specified in the Assurance, but the said Ship is valued at a Sum certain, or at the Sum assured, or no particular Value is set thereupon, the Assured shall prove what is the true and real Value of such Ship, or Share thereof; and shall recover such Value only, together with the Premium of Assurance in case of Lois.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Assurances, where the Interest assured shall be Wages of the Master or Mariners of any Ship or Ships, the Amount of the Wages of the Assured, either per Month or for the Voyage, shall, at or before the Execution or Under-writing of such Assurance, be inserted in, or indorsed upon, the Policy; and in case of Loss, where the Time of such Lois appears, and the \\ages are by Agreement payable per Month, the Assured shall recover only a Satisfaction from the Assurer for of such Wages as accrued to him at the time of the Loss; but, where the Time of the Loss does not appear, in such case the Assured shall recover Satisfaction for Wages for of the Time that such Voyages are usually performed in; and where Wages are payable by

A. 1747-

the Voyage or the Run, in case of Loss, the Assured shall recover only of such Wages as would

have been due to him if the Ship had arrived safe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in all Cases of Assurance against the Barratry' of the Master and Mariners, the Allured shall not recover upon account of such Barratry, unless it appears that the Master or Mariners run away with the Ship or Goods, or Hole, pilfered, or imbezzled the fame, or any Part thereof; and the Assured shall, in such Cases, only recover a Satisfaction for the true and just Value of the Ship and Goods, or such Part thereof as was so run away with, stolen, pilfered, cr imbezzled. '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Assurances upon Goods or Merchandize from any Port or Place in Europe, there shall be, in or upon the Assurance, a Declaration, subscribed by the Assurer or respective Assurers for whose Account such Assurance is made; and on all Assurances upon Goods and Merchandizes from any Port or Place in A ft a, Africa, ox America, there shall be, in or upon the Assurance, a Declaration, subscribed by the Assurer or respective Assurers for whole Account such Assurance is made, or to whom such Goods hnd Merchandizes are actually consigned; and that all Other Declarations of Interest, not made as aforesaid, shall be and all Assurances, which have not

such Declarations, as aforesaid, shall he deemed, taken, and adjudged, to be made for the Account of the Person or Persons in whole Name the Assurance is made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Assurances, where the Assured, or the Broker or Agent employed by the Assured to make any Affur-ance, shall give Information or Intelligence to the Assurer, or shall undertake or warrant any Fact or Circumstance relative to the Ship, Merchandize, or Voyage assured, which may materially affect the Terms of the Assurance, such Information, Intelligence, Undertaking* or Warranty, shall be inserted in the AfluranCe before the Underwriting or Execution thereof; and no Evidence shall be admitted to prove, that any Information, Intelligence, Undertaking, or Warranty, was given or made, except what is inserted in the Assurance, as aforesaid; but this shall not be construed to extend to hinder the Assurer from giving Evidence to prove, that the Information, Intelligence, Undertaking, or Warranty aforesaid, was known to be false at the time of the making thereof; or that some material Information or Intelligence was known to the Assured, and concealed from the Assurer at the time of making the Assurance; and all Assurances, which have no such Information, Intelligence, Undertaking, or Warranty, inserted in the Assurance, shall be deemed and taken as if no Information, Intelligence, Undertaking, or Warranty, had ever been given or made.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Cases, where the Interest of the Assured shall fall short of the Interest specified in the Assurance, the Assured shall be intitled to a Return of Premium, in proportion to the Deficiency of his Interest, allowing per Cent, to the Assurer; but, in all Cases where the Assurance shall be adjudged void, or of no Effect, by reason of any Fraud or Deceit, the Assured shall not recover any Part of the Premium paid for such Assurance.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That in all Actions to be brought upon Assurances in the Name or Names of any Person or Persons residing in Parts beyond the Seas, or not within the Reach of the Process of the Court where such Action shall be brought, such Court, in Term Time, or any Judge of that Court out of Term, may, upon Application or Motion in behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, and making it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Court or Judge, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiff) do relideor are without the Reach of the Process, as aforesaid, stay all Proceedings in such Action until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs have given such. Security as the Court or udge shall deem sufficient to pay Colts to the Defendant, in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

shalV

Account of Cambricks and French Lawoi re-ca port ed» lee.

Belief of Orphans and Creditors ot London.

African

Trade.

11 Geo. II. 24° M £99

shall discontinue the Action, be Nonsuited, or have Judgment agamfl him or them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That all AflTurances at Interest or no Interest, or without Benefit of Salvage, shall be

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thai in all Assurances upon any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Merchandize?, or other Effects, in case of Damage or partial Loss, the Allured shall not abandon to the Assurer any Interest which the Allured shall be mtitled to, but shall recover against the Aflurer only a Satisfaction for what shall be li> damaged, or partially loft.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agree-' to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hume, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Alderman Raker, Mr. Bet hell, and Mr. Janfjen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this House, an Account of what Quantity of Cambricks and French Lawns have been re-exported, for Seven Years last pad, distinguiQiing each Year, and the several Ports from which and for which they were entered outward; and likewise, an Account of what Cambricks or French Lawns have been imported, (ince the ift Day of 1745, for Re-exportati n, together with the Amount of the Bonds given thereupon, and how much of the said Bonds has been (ince discharged.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according to Order, a lid! for the further Relief of the Orphans, and other Credkor?, of the City of London: And the same war rear ed; and read the First time.

R<fshed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England,c n behalf of themselves, and the other Cre-

duois of the said Company, was presented to the House, and riad; setting forth. That the said Company are very conlitlerably indebted to the Petitioners, and a great many other Persons; which Debt, the Petitioners conceive, has been principally contracted by the said Company's In-▼eftments in divers Goods, Merchandizes, and Stores, by them exported to the Coast of Africa, for the necessary Support of their Settlements, and upon the Credit given to the said Company by the annual Aids granted to them by Parliament for that Purpose; and that, from the present melancholy Circumstances of the said Company, the Petitioners have but too much Real'on to consider their Forts, Castles, and Possessions, on the Coast of Africa, as the only remaining Property of the said Company, and consequently as the foie llefource and Security from which their unhappy Creditors can hope to obtain a Satisfaction for their just Demands; and that therefore the Petitioners and their Fellow-fuffcrers cannot bufbe alarmed at ever)* Proceeding which may tend to affect the lame; and that in this Light they consider a Petition, lately presented to this House by several Merchants of London, and others, setting forth the declining State of the British Trade to Africa from the Port of London, the Importance of the said Trade to Great Britain, and the Impossibility of preserving the same without maintaining the said Forts, Castles, and Possessions, in the Hands of a Company with a sufficient Joint-Stock: And therefore praying some effectual Provision in the Premises: and that, as the Petition presented this Session, by the said present Company, makes no Mention of thetr Creditors, contrary to their former constantPraftice the Pe-titioners think they should be wanting to themfekres and to their Fellow-sufferers, if they did not lay their same before the House; and that, from the known Justice and Humanity of a British Parliament, the Petitioners make

no doubt, but, in whatever Shape the House shall think Vol. 25.

it necessary for the publick Good to dispose of the said Company, or of their said Fort), Settlements, and Possessions, all due Regard will be had to, and effectual Care will be taken of, the just Claims and Demahds of the Creditors of the said Company; and the rather,.as many of them, if not all, have, by intruding the said Conjpany with Money, Goods, and stores, contributed to support the said Forts and Settlements, and thereby to protest his Majesty's Subjects trading to the Coast of Africa: And therefore praying the House to take the Prerrfife$ into Consideration; and grant them such Protection and Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants of London, and others, interested in, and trading to, Africa, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act -for veiling the settled Estate of the Right Honourable' Francis Earl Brooke^in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal, or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill far explaining and amending an Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants of London, and others, interested in, and trading to, Africa, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America; and the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hotife, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

Earl Brooke's Estate.

Supply Bill; House and Window Duty*

African

Trade*

m

Cambricks and French Lawns.

Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Lord

Trentham's

Mate.

Lord

tancfborough'!

- wyt.

Byng's

L&ttc.

(foq 2 50 Martii. 1748.

Veneris, 25® die Martii;

Anno a 1* Georgii Ity1' Regis, 1748. Praters.

, A PETITION of the Mayor, Jurats, Commonalty, and trading Inhabitants, of the Town and Liberty of Ftversham, in the County of and al'o,

A. Petition of the trading Persons of the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, inhabiting

within the said Town } and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and others, inhabiting within the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York , and also,

A Petition of the Bailiff and Traders of the Town and Borough of Hindott, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed 5 and also,

A Petition of the trading Citizens of the City of Oxford, inhabiting: within the said City, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and trading Commonalty, of the Borough of Arundel, in the County of S-jifsex, inhabiting within the said Borough;

‘ Wffe (everally. p^fented.to the House, and read; fe-. ...venally alleging. That the Act, made in the 9th and icth Years of the Reign of King William the Third,

- for lic^njQqg - Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chap-/j),l;ruen, has^prpved detrimental to the fair Trader and to the Rpyenu?,: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and if it be the Pleasune of the Legislature to repeal the said A^, thjit them, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Trader? within the Limitation of the said Statute} or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as ,to t.he FJpufe shall Teem meet.

" And the laifj Petitions were severally ordered to lie jlgoh ifie.Table.

» . I ' j . f ‘ '

Mr. Harbor'reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lord?, intituled, An Act for impowering Granville. Leveson Gower, commonly called

' Lord Trent ham, to raise Portions for youpger Children; and also to explain, and amend certain Powers for making Jointures in the Settlement made on his Marriage,.with Elizabeth his late Wife } was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true , and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Tl>e said Bill, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dtvpaf?.

Ordered, That Mr. Barhor do carry the Bill tq the X.prd$, ana acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to, the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom ' the ingrossed BUI, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for unrolling, the WjH of George late Lord Viscount Lanejbo-rciigft, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in all, Courts in Great Britain and Ireland, was committed, That the Committee

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric's Table. The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill to pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for *5

vetting the settled Estate late of the Honourable Robert Brng Esquire, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be (old; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Purposes-therein mentioned; was committed } That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had* given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him ta report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill tq the Lords, anti acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mn Montagu.:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of tire Year 1748, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manors of Wookeing, Chabham, and Bagshott, and othe-

Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, to Abel Walter Esquire, and his Heirs, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Hugh Smithson. presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the High Road from Bridge to Kirkmerringlon. in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road, near Sunderland Bridge, in the feme County: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second time*

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Mane heft er, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of to Auster-

lands, in the Parish of Saddlew in the County of York; and for making the same more effectual} was read a Second time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Sydenham, Sir I homes Egerton, Mr. Mr.

Norihey, Lord Harley, Mr. Brereton, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lifter, Sir Nathanael Curzou, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Miles Stapy/lon, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Great heed. Sir James , Lord

Parker, Mr. Powney, Sir Hugh , Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Sloper, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Mr. Tren-

chard, Mr. Mtdlycott, Mr. , Lord Dupplin,

Mt. Gwynn, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Admiral Townshend,

Mr. Pytts, Mr. Hale, Mr. Whitworth, Lord Harrington, Mr. La/celkf, Mr. Levefen Gower, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Curzon, Mr. West, Mr. Leslie-, and all the Members who ferye for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five, of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Number of British Ships that have been, entered as to and from the Coast of Africa, from the 25th of December 1727, to the 25th of December 1^47, diffinguishing each Year and each Port, and which belonged to the lfoyal African Company of England, and which to the separate Traders.

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroner for the County of Flint, in bebalf of himself, and the rest of the Coroners of different Countiesand Libert es in this Kingdom of England, was presented to the House, and read; praying.

Supply Bill Land Tax.

Walwr'i

Estate.

Piers Bridge Road.

MsAchester

Sec.

Roads.

Accounts of Ships trading to Africa.

Coroner*

Fecv

2i Geo. II. £5* Martii. 601

ing, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may he ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the faiiPPctition do lie upon the Table.

jury St. Ed- Mr. Proiy reported from the Committee, to whom the numli Poor Bill forerefting Work-houses for the better employing and od Street*, maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury

munds, in the County of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Cleric's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed toby the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Maner, &« Ordered', That Mr. V Mr. Monson, Mr.

Drainage. Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Willes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Torke, Mr. Bed, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Cust, Mr. , Mr. Mr. Webb, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Money, Upwell, Downham,

and Wentworth, and in a certain extra-parochial Place

called By all Fen, in the ljle of Ely and County of Cambridge, is committed.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr.

10 Bill*. Bellenden, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr, Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned ;'

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the feveraf publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, andtfeejr Quarters:; An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices <uid Employments within the Time limited by Law; and for allowing further Tim^ for that Purpose: 1

An Act to prohibit Assurance on Ships beloi^ing to France, and on Merchandizes or Effects laden thereon, during the present War with France:

An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Bowes, in the County of Turk, to Barnard in the County of Durham-, and from thence, through Stain-drop, to Newgate in and from Newgate along Gibb Chair, to Bridge-, and from

thence by MelJerfionGill, otherwise Camion Gill, to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the County of Durham:

An Act for impowering Montgomerie and

Thomas Byrd Elquive?, and Patching, to complete

an Undertaking for furmlking the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places of Stratford, West-Ham, Bow, Bromley, Mile-End, Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking.

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of the Right Vol. 25.

Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, in the County of Southampton, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out thd Money arising thereby in the Purchase of other Hereditaments of equal or greater Value, to be settled in lieu thereof; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for impowering Granville LGower, commonly called Lord Trentham, to raise Portions for younger Children; and also to explain and amend certain Powers for making Jointures in the Settlement made on his Marriage with Elizabeth his late Wife:

An Act to enable James Stanley Esquire, commonly called Lord Strange, eldest Son and Heir apparent of Edtvard Earl of Derby, and his Mile by Lucy his Wife (late Lucy Smith) to take and use the Surname of Smith, and bear the Arms of Smith and Heriz:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate late of the Honourable Robert Byng Esquire, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Money arising by such Sale for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for inrolling the Will of George late Lord Vise count Lanesborough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and making the Exemplification thereof Evidence in aft Courts in Great Britain and Ireland:

An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields in the Hamlet of Badbury, in the County of Wilts:

An Act to enable Robert Burton, lately called Robert Lingen, and the Heirs Male of his B.ody, to take and use the Surname of Burton only, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Burton Esquire, deceased:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manors of Wookeing, Chabham, and Bagshott, and other Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Surrey, to Abel Walter Esquire, and his Heirs: j

An Act for naturalizing Anthony Andyf David Andrfa and others.

.The Order of the Day being read, for the House tp Supply* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted, tp his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. (i.;s

. - - S r

t . ' . - 1 f -

.The Order of the Day being read, far the Hpufq Way* to resolve itself into af Committee of the . whole House^ and Mean,‘ tO/Consider further of Ways and Means for raisiqg the Supply granted to his Majesty; - . .*

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ttself into the said Committee.

The Oyder of the Day being read, for the House to Papirt*

resolve itself into a Committee of the tyhole House, upon. EftatC3‘

the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and,

Lyflees, of Estates of Papists;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday f>\oxyt. , ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of Lftc- whpfer House, upon the said Bill. 7

The other Orefer of the Day being read; . , c,

the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Supply Bill; House, to cobfider further of the Bill for. explaiping and *nd amending an Act, passed the last Session of Paflfement, j)uty°W intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates apd Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon houses,

Windows, or Lights;and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may bav*

Leave to fit again.

0 f

‘ 7 O Resolved,

602 25* — 28® Martii. . 1748.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con side r further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 28° Martii;

Anno xi* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

P* AYERS,

A N ingroITed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Name. Xjl to enable Richard Weddell Esquire, lately called Richard Elcock, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Weddell, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Weddell Esquire, deceased; and for impowering the said Richard Weddelland those in Remainder after him, to make Leases of the Estates devised to him and them by the said Will j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

land, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Plumer, Mr. Colleton,

Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Southwell, Colonel Lyttelton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir John Cust, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Ashe, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Proby, Lord Dupplin, Mr. , Lord Baltimore, Mr. Savile, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Butler, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gwynn, Sir Henry Marshall, Mr.

Wilkinson j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Licen&ig A Petition of the Tradesmen inhabiting within the *?J*f" Borough of War eh am, in the County of Dorset; and

Pedlar*. aif0>

A Petition of the trading Citizens of the City of Durham, inhabiting within the said City, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the trading Burgesses of the Borough of Stamford, inhabiting within the said Borough; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Traders of the Borough of Wool ton in the County of Wilts,

inhabiting within the said Borough; and also,

A Petition of the chief trading Inhabitants of the Pari fh of Woodbridge, in the County of Suffolk; and also,

A Petition of the trading Citizens of the City of Norwich, inhabiting within the said City, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford; and also,

A Petition of the Traders of the Town and Corporation of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, inhabiting within the said Town, and Parts adjacent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging. That the Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader, and to the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and trading Inhabitants, of the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset, was also presented to the House, and lead; alleging, That the said Act for licensing Hawkers, t Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved of the greatest Prejudice to the fair and settled Traders; such licensed Persons not only, in the Course of their Dealings, imposing

*7

upon injudicious and unwary People, with deceitful Wares and Merchandizes, and Goods pretended to have been run, but being actual Promoters of Smuggling, by frequently carrying with them, and felling, uncustomed and prohibited Goods, whereby the Revenue is greatly defrauded: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Traders of the Borough of Chipping Norton, in the County of Oxford, was also presented to the House, and read; complaining of the great Inconveniences and Loss that this Nation luftaihs, by reason of the great Number of Persons licensed to hawk and vend all manner of Goods they think proper, within this Kingdom; and setting forth, That fine Goods, and such as are charged with the highest Duty, are what belt answer their Purposes, and chiefly tend to promote the pernicious Practice of Smuggling, and render the Suppression thereof a Matter of the greatest Difficulty; and that, by their incessant Travelling about the Kingdom, they have an Opportunity of dealing with Persons who pay ready Money for their said Goods, and thereby prevent such Persons from dealing with the settled Traders, who are, by that means, in order to carry on their Trades, obliged to give large Credit for their Goods, which otherwise they would not have done, the bad Consequence of which is, as the Petitioners apprehend, that Multitudes of House-dwelling Tradesmen are rendered not only unable to contribute towards the necessary Expences of the Parishes where they dwell, but are reduced to such Poverty as obliges them to become chargeable to others; whereby the Burthen of the Poor is very much increased, and the Number of those who remain to support them is become almost incapable, in many Places, of doing it, or discharging the necessary Taxes and Payments: And therefore praying, That the Act for licensing Hawkers may be amended or repealed; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Cornewall repotted from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Wore eft er; and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to rectifya Mistake in an Act, made in this Session of Parliament,

Insolvent

Debtors.

Birmingham fcc. Roads.

Army; Mutiny n* Defcrtioib

2i Geo. II.

28° — 290 Martii.

603

ment, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Defer- That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

tion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their An Act for further regulating the Proceedings upon Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Tho- Courts Martial in the Sea Service; and for extending the

Faceby

ludofurr.

mas Core, do prepare, and bring in, the tame.

Sir Miles Stops It on reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Township of Faceby, in Cleveland, in the North-Riding of the County of York; and for providing certain Uecompences to the Impropriators and Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Tythes; was recommitted; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill 1 which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at thcClerk'sTable: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Discipline of the Navy to the Crews of his Majesty's Ships wrecked, loft, or taken; and for continuing to them their Wages, upon certain Conditions.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morrt- Ways

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole and Me,n»* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve Supply Bill; of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House and House, to consider further of the Bill for explaining and m<low amending an Act, passed the last Selfton or Parliament, u y* intituled, An Act ‘for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of

Birmingham

to

lligb Bitllen Hoads.

.. . , _. Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annui-

Sir Charles Mordaunt presented to the House, according ti tQ charged on the said or Duties.

to Order, a Bill for enlarging the 1 erm and Powers grant-

ed by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of . __________

Wednesbtary, to a Place called High Bullen, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further End of Brit tel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick,

Stafford, and Worcester:And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account of Duties on House*, &c.

Account of Monies in Receipt of Exchequer.

Account of Duties on Conches.

Nival

Courts

Martini.

Martis, 290 d Martii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IP* Regis, 1748. Praters.

A PETITIONof the Tradesmen and Manufacturers of the Town of Buckingham, in the County Bucks; and also,

A Petition of the trading Inhabitants of the County Borough of Carmarthen, inhabiting within the said County Borough, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Chief Bur-

Licensing of Hawker* and Pedlars.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1748, to

satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, by the Act of the gestes, of the Borough of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, 20th Year of his Majesty *s Reign. in the County of Southampton, and other the trading

Oritrei, That the proper Officer do lay before this l^biums of the Cud Boroughi; and also,

House. an Account of the Monies remaining in the Re- . £ P'onofth' Braden of the Botough of B«rf,i,

eeiptof his Majestrjs Exchequer at Lai,-do, ,748. of IP«S of thetSding People of the Town and Arreats of the Du.te, on Houses, wh.eh exp, ted at Lai,- TUra ,he County of York, and also,

ay *747- A Petition of the Traders and others inhabiting in the

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Parish of Leachdale, in the County of Gloucester j and House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the also,

A Petition of the Traders and others inhabiting in the

Parish of Fair ford, in the County of Gloucester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging. That the Act, made in the 9th and loth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fairTrader and to the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Tradersand Shopkeepers, Inhabitants of the Borough of Pembroke, in the county of ,

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging. That Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, who travel and trade from Place to Place, by virtue, and under Colour, of Two Acts of Parliament, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, are highly prejudicial to the Petitioners, and others the settled Traders, Inhabitants of the several Cities, Towns, and Villages, in England and Wales, who so largely and chearfiilly contribute

Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages to Lady-day last.

An ingrafted Bill for further regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service, was read the the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 13. After " Orders," to insert " I will duly " administer Justice

L. 22. After " Court," to insert " unless thereunto required by lawful Authority

L. 37. After " Court" to insert " unlds thereunto required by lawful Authority

Pr. 8. L. 30. After " that," to insert " all or any " of:"

L. 31. After " Officers," to leave out " and, " and insert " or

Pr. 10. L. 12. After "that," to insert "from and after the First Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight:

L. 23. After " that," to insert " from and after " the said First Day of May." And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Vojl. 2;.

604

2 9° Ma

A. 1748.

Lic;nfing bute to the Exigencies and Support of the Government; 'll'" an<* ant^ ^at great Numbers of the said Hawkers, Pedlars, c ar*‘ and petty Chapmen, under Pretext of the said Acts of Parliament, travel about and vend their Wares of various kinds, without Licences; depending on the Good-nature and Connivance of the Buyers, who are, for the nroft part, scrupulousot becoming Informers; whereby the Revenue is defrauded, and the Intention of the Legislature eluded; and that nroft of them being obscure Persons of low Credit, in mean Circumstances, and having no certain or fixed Places of Abode, frequently take Advantage of the Credulous and Injudicious, by putting off their damaged and unmerchantable Goods, under the Notion of Pcny worths, to the great Injury and Disad vantage of many of his Majesty's Subjects, who, for the Reasons aforesaid, are without Remedy: And setting forth. That the Petitioners, the Traders and Shopkeepers of the said Borough, and, as they are credibly informed, the other settled and fair Traders throughout England and content

to pay annually (during the Remainder of the Term of Years for permitting and licensing the said Ilawkers, still subsisting, by virtue of the said Acts) such an ade- quate Tax, as, in the Judgment of Parliament, may be ' at least an Equivalent for any Diminution or Deficiency which may accrue to the publick Revenue, by the Sup-. predion of such itinerant and fraudulent Dealers: And therefore praying. That the said Two several Acts of Parliament, or so much of the same as impowers or permits Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, to travel and trade from Town to Town, or private Houses, in and

Wales, may be repealed; and that, in lieu thereof, a Law may be enacted for laying such an equal annual Tax on the fixed and settled Traders, in that Part of the Kingdom, a« to the House shall seem reasonable.

A Petition of the trading Burgesses and Inhabitants of the Borough of Dor chef er, in the County of and

Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the said Act has proved of the highest Detriment to the fair Trader, and to the Revenue: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises , into Gpnsideration, and amend, or totally repeal, the said Act i or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Traders, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the City of Coventry, and County of the fame, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the present Act for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, is greatly evaded and abused, by such as have been licensed, and others, pretending to be Makers or Manufacturers of Goods, or to be their Servants or Agents; and others with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, with Goods for Sale, having only a Foot Licence; and that many, having none, travel from Town to Town, and House to House, defrauding the Revenue, and imposing on great Numbers of ignorant and unwary People, by felling faulty and deceitful Wares and Merchandizes, or bartering and exchanging such, using all manner of fallacious Dealing, to the great Scandal and Reproach of Trade; and as such kind of strolling Traders too frequently correspondwith Smugglers, and other clandcstine Dealers, and may, injure the Revenue in many Branches of the Duty on Goods and Merchandize, and do, by fore-itaHing Markets, and other illicit Practices, greatly injure all the settled fair Traders in general: Therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Conlitleration, and amend, or totally repeal, the said Act; and if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax of Two Shillings a Year, if needful, may be laid on all Traders, or such as are therein concerned; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as.to the House shall leem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

African

Trad.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was pre-

22

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition of several Merchants of , and others, stiling

themselves interested in, and trading to, and the

BritiJ/iColonies and Plantations in America, hath been presented to the House; suggesting, among other Things, That the African Trade cannot be supported and pre-served against the powerful Competition of other foreign Joint-Stock Companies, without keeping, maintaining, and even increasing, the Number of our Forts, Castles, and Possessions, on that Coast, in the Hands of a Company, with a sufficient Joint-Stock: And representing to the House, That the Trade which is now carried on by the Merchants of tins City to the Coast of , and from thence to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in rica, is the principal and most considerable Branch of Trade belonging to the said City; and that, since such Trade has been free and open, the same has been greatly increased, and his Majesty's Plantations thereby much better supplied with Negroes, and larger Quantities of the Manufactures of the Kingdom exported; and that the same is, at this time, in a very flourishing Condition: And therefore praying the House, That the Trade to Africa may remain free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchant Adventurers, within the City of Bristol, under their common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting several Allegations contained in a Petition, presented to the House, of several Merchants of , and others, interested in, and trading to, Africa, and the British Colonies and Plantations in America:And representing to the House, That the principal and most valuable Trade of the said City depends, in a great measure, on the Commerce which is now carried on to the Coast of , and from thence to his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America; and that since the Trade hath been free and open, the same is greatly increased and enlarged, our Plantations much better supplied with Negroes, vast Quantities of Woollen, Iron, Pewter, and other the Manufactures of this Kingdom, exported, many Families employed and supported, and his Majesty's Revenues greatly increased: And therefore praying, That the Trade to Africa may not be subjected to a Company or Joint-Stock; but that it may remain free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of several Merchants in , and

others, interested in, and trading to, , and the British Colonies and Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign,'intituled, An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title-Deeds and Writings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels, in the late Rebellion: And that the Lord Advocate of,

and the Lord Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be commuted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whule House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting Work-houses for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk-, and for the better repairing" and paving the Streets and Highways there; was read the Third time.

An

African

Tragic.

Relief in reflect to Title Deeds ae-stroyed by Scotch Rebels.

Relief of Orphans and Creditors of London.

Bury St. Edmunds Poor and Streets.

Uiiraocei if Ships, Ac,

kipply Bill;

'rlok.fe and Window

>u»7.

Ciandcstine

Outlawries.

Puoishment of Treason in the Highland* af Scotland.

Papiib

Estatet.

Army; Mutiny and Desertkm*

ai Geo. II. — 30* Martii.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for allowing the solemn Affirmation of any Person, being a Quaker, to be taken instead of an Oath.

And the same was thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for erect ing Work*houses for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there.

Ordered, That Mr. Proby do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.£&*re presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for better regulating of Assurances on Ships, and Goods laden thereon; and for preventing Frauds therein: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Commitece of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for explaining and amending an Act, patted the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. S| eaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dirafted him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Re/ofved, Thar this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, lefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland-, and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relat ing to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purehal'ers, Devisees, and Lessees of Estates of Papists.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion: And for the better Payment of the Army, and t heir Quarters: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Burr ord have Leave to make a Motion:

Vofc. 25.

05

And he moved the House accordingly.'

And presented to the House a Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Downham, and Wentworth,

and in a certain extra-parochial Place called By all Fen, in the ljle of Ely and County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed:

Which Petition was read; letting forth. That the Petitioners Richard Houlditch Esquire, who is Owner of an hundred and Fifty Acres of Fen Land, lying in the said Parish of Downham, and Francis Longman, who is also Owner of Five hundred Acres of Fen Lands, commonly called Carter's Farm, lying in the said extra-parochial Place called Byall Fen (making, together, Six hundred and Fifty Acres of Fen Land) fie contiguous to each other; and that the said Petitioners, and the former Owners thereof, have already been at a great Charge, and expended several considerable Sums of Money in imbanking and draining the fame, and in erecting Water Engines thereupon, and for the Improvement and Maintenance thereof; and that the said Carter's Farm, and several other Acres of the other Petitioners Lands, included in the Bill depending in the House, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Money, Welney,

Downham, Witchford, and Wentworth, and in a certain extra-parochial Place called Byall Fen, being Adventurers Land, and for ever subjected to a large annual draining Tax, by an Act, passed in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, the Petitioners apprehend, That, after Payment of that Tax, and of the Tax intended by the said Bill to be laid on those Lands, very little (if anything) will remain from the said Lands for the Petitioners, the respective Owners thereof; and that all the Petitioners apprehend, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, that the same will be highly prejudicial to the several Estates of the said Petitioners, by reason that the said Fen Lands, lying in the said several Parishes of Downham, Witchford, Wentworth, and the said extraparochial Place called Byall Fen, being all low Grounds, and of very inconsiderable Value, and having only a Moor for making the greatest Part of the Banks, to keep out the Water, cannot be improved, drained, or preserved, or any greater, or more. Advantage made of the said low Grounds, to the respective Proprietors thereof, although the contrary is untruly suggested by the said Bill: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Pet itioners, That the said Bill will be rejected, or, at least, that all the Petitioners said Fen Lands may be left out of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° Martii j

Anno ai* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1748. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr.

from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Indigo imported for Ten Years past, distinguishing each Year, and how much from America, Europe, and Prize.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be_perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

7 P The

V

Manev, Ac. Drainage.

Account of

Indigo

imported.

Account of Duties on House*, &c.

Li cei.fi ng Hawkers i Pedlars.

606 30* Martii. 1748.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, a Paper, containing an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1748, to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, by the Act of the 10th

Year of his Majesty's Reign; also, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at Lady-day 1748, of Arrears of the Duties on Houses, &c. which expired at Lady-day 1747.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1748, to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, by the Act of the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign; also, An Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at Lady-day 1748, of Arrears of the Duties on Houses, Hic.which expired at Lady-day 1747.

There was due, at Lady-day 1748, the Sums following, which are charged on the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, by the said Act of the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign j viz.

s. d.

To the Aggregate Fund, for One Year, due at Lady-day 1748 -

To satisfy the Annuities at per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.4,400,000

transferrable at the Bank of England, for Six Months, ended at Lady-day 1748

Towards satisfying whereof, there remains in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the Income of the said Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, the Sum of ——

And of the Surplus of the Duties on Coaches, &Y. after satisfying all Payments thereupon, at Christmas last, the Sum of - -

£ r. dm

35»525 ——

40,647 18 6

91.485 — 6f

88,000 ——

179.485 — 6i

76,171 it 6

Deficiency at Lady-day 1748

c

103,312 2 — i

Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of the Arrears of the Duty on Houses, at Lady-day 1748, which expired at Lady-day

1747 - - - . - ....

Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer of Arrears of the additional Duties on Houses, at Lady-day 1748, which expired at Lady day 1747 -

Exchequer, John Dawson.

30th March 1748.

*2.175 *4 4i

16,530 3 8i

28,705 18 11

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Traders, of the Town of Nottingham whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Tradesmen of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Statute, now in Force, giving Liberty to licensed Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, to trade from Town to Town, and to other Men's Houses, however well intended, hath, for several Years past, been greatly prejudicial to the fair "Trader, by reafori such who have been so licensed, practice illicit Dealings, give great Encouragement to Smugglers and others, by vending and disposing Goods, which have not paid any Duty or Custom, and thereby not only defraud the Crown of the Revenue, but are enabled to fell Goods of equal Value, for less than the prime Cost to the fair Trader; and that, under Cover of the said Statute, such licensed Hawkers and Pedlars frequently impose upon People with deceitful and damaged Wares and Merchandizes, that are, in general, a Reproach and Scandal to Trade: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and repeal the said Statute; and that the Legislature will please, in lieu thereof, to lay a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, on all Traders within the Limitation of the said recited Statute, as an Equivalent, and to be appropriated to the like Dfes; and that all Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, may be intirely suppressed; and the Petitioners otherwise -relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet. A Petition of the Freeholders of the County of marthen, trading and inhabiting within the County and borough of Carmarthen: And ailo,

24

A Petition of the trading People of the Town and Borough of Mine head

Were also severally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging, That the said Act has proved detrimental to the fair Trader and to the Revenue:

And therefore praying. That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and, if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were fevemlly ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, Cottar*,

to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolkr, late the Estate of Thontas Cart hew Esquire, deceased, in his Executors, to enable them to convey the same pursuant to Art ides'entered into for the Purchase thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for repairing the High Road from Piers Bridge Pic to A irkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from Ro»d/

thence to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the same County, was read a Second time.

Resolved,

at Geo. II. 30^ — 3:

Resolved, That the Bid be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Fyner, Mr. Kinafton, Mr. , Mr.

Gore, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Yorke, Mr. , Mr. Charles

Townshend, Sir NathanaelMr. Mr.

Mr. Compton, M r. Fmaker lev, Mr. Leslie, Mr.

Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Mr. , Lord Gage, Mr.

Willes, Lord Harley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Nor they, Mr. , Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bond,

Si 1 Cor del Firebrace, M'. Hale, Mr. , Lord Offul-

stone\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties' of York, Durham, and Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Army; A Bill to rectify a Mi (like in an Act, made in this Sef.

Mutiny and fion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mu-Dafenion. tmy -md Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

0 Mdrtii. 607

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.'

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to (it again;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning pSpi(t< next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Estates. upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, De-vilees, and Lefices, of Estates of Papists.

Supply Bill 5 Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Home and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Duty0* explaining and amending an Act, passed the lad Sef-

(inn of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Dunes upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bdl; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was dif-agreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Word "like," in Folio 6. Line 14. and inlerting the Words " same Kind of in (lead thereof;

And the Question being put, that the Word "like" Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TtU"s fOT lhe Yw { Mr. rT{/Z': }

Tellers for the Noes, { ^'GrmvUU: }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That thi Words " same Kind of" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Morning next, retolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of the Exportation of Tea to Breland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mu Fane took the Chair of the'CommiUee.

Vol. >5.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovfs, 31* die Mar tit;

Anno 2i* Georgii IId* Regis, 1748.

Praters.

THE I-ord Advocate of Scotland presented to the Relief in House, according to Order, a Bill to render more respect to effectual an Act, made in the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of such of his Majes- scotch ty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Rebels. Scotland, whose Title Deeds and Writings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels, in the late Rebellion: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the trading Inhabitants of the Town and Licensing County of HaverfordWeft, was presented to the House, Hawkers and

and read; alleging. That the Act, made in the 9th and Median. 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader, and to the Revenue:

And therefore praying, That the House will amend, of totally repeal, the said Act; and, if it be the Pleasureof the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equir valent for the fame, and to be appropriated to the like Use, they would be pleased to lay such a Tax, as to the House shall seem meet, upon all Traders who are affected by the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House Qiall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made Army-in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pu- Mutiny and nishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Pay- Delation, ment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And thM the Title be. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, tpade in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment if the Army, and their Qu liters.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore do carry the Bill to the Lotds, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Ways Committee of the whale House, to whom it was referred an<*Mwn*' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fbtloweih; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That from and after the First Day of June 1748, it shall be

Poundage o Goods imported.

Difarrning the Highlands in Scotland.

Punishment of Treason in the Highlands of Scotland.

608, 3Martiu — A. 1748.

be lawful to export Tea to and his Majesty's

Plantations in America, without paying the inland Duties charged thereupon, by the Act of the 18th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itfeli into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Execution of an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the eoth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacts, That Prize Goods and Merchandize may be exported, without paying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the fame.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, Ior not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutionsj and for making some further Regulations

relating to Sheriffs Depute; and Stewards Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for impowering the Court of Session in Scotland to regulate the Fees of the Clerks or Writers to the Signet there.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i°;

Anno at* Georgii Il<; Regis, 1748. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, late the Estate of Thomas Carthew Esquire, deceased, in his Executors, to enable them to convey the same pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed. That Mr. Dawson, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That the Paper by him presented to the House, upon Wednesday last, pursuant to their Order, containing an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day x 748, to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, by the Act of the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign; also, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at Lady-Aay 1748, of Arrears of the Duties on

Houses, isle, which expired at Lady-day 1747; not being satisfactory, he was directed to present, in pursuance of that Order, a Paper, containing an Account of the Arrears of the Duties on Houses, determined at Lady-day 1747, which have been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, between Lady-day 1747 and Lady-day 1748; and how the same have been applied; as also, an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on. Houses, which commenced at Lady-day 1747, to satisfy all Payments thereupon, to Lady-day 1748.

And he presented the said Paper to the House.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

The said Paper is as followeth; viz.

Carthew'*

Estate.

Account of Duties on Houses.

a i Geo. II.

i° April

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Arrears of the Duties on Houses, determined at Lady-day 1747, which have been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, between Lady-day 1747 and Lady-day 1748, and how the same have been applied; as also. An Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, which commenced at Lady-day 1747, to satisfy all Payments thereupon, to Lady-day 1748.

There was received at the Exchequer, of Arrears of the Duties on Houses, within the Time aforesaid ——

Whereof there has been applied to the Aggregate Fund - 75,206 5 11

And to the Lottery Fund, A* 1710, the Surplus of which is carried to the Aggregate Fund - -- - 18,180 13 10

Remained in the Exchequer, at Lady-day 1748

The present Duties on Houses are charged with the following Payments; 'To the Aggregate Fund, for On: Year due at Lady-day 1748 - -

To pay 6 Months intereston £. 4,400,000 to Lady-day 1748 -

d.

There has been applied to the Aggregate Fund, of Arrears of Duties on Houses,

as above ----- ----- -- 93,386 19 9

And there remains in the Exchequer,

Of the present Dunes on Houses Of the Duties on Coaches,

Of Arrears of Houses, as above

Exchequer, ill April 1748.

' 35.525 ——

40,647 18 6

- 18,705 18 1$

I- 198,265 16 4}

£ * d.

122,092 17 iof

93.386 19 9 28, ,05 18 1

122,092 17 iof

91,485 — 6f 88,000 — —

‘79.4*5 — 6I

John Dawftn.

Ordered, That the said Paper be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty. Ordered, That the Paper presented to the House, upon Wednesday last, containing an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at

day 1748, to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, by the Act of the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign; also, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at Lady-day 1748, of Arrears of the Duties on Houses, &c. which expired at Lady-day 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Lteenfiny A Petition of the trading Citizens of the City of Can-

Hawkers and ter bury, inhabiting within the said City, and Parts adjacent; and also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-Coun-. cil. Freemen, and Tradesmen.of the Borough of,

in the County of Westmorland; and also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs and trading Inhabitants of . the Towns of Cowbridge and in the County of

Glamorgan-,

Were federally presented to the House, and read; severally alleging. That the Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King the Third,

for licensing H . vkers. Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader, and to the Revenue; And therefore praying. That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and, if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Manchester, The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to tfc. Road., whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Vot. 25.

Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failjwtrtn, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Jlerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworthi in the County of York; and for making the same more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fer-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Cufireported from the Committee, who were Erpirinj appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- Laws, piring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly; and that the Committee had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read; and is as follo*veth; viz.

Refo/ved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons, which was to continue in Force for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and was explained and amended by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and which by another Act, made in the ' Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was v further explained and amended, and continued until the 25th Day of March 1740, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and which by another Act, made in the 14th Year of the Reign of

7 Q his

<fi© rd ApriliSs > 1748.

lift present Majesty; with ths fevcftl Articles and Cjaufcs therein container) (except the Clause in the said last mentioned Act, for setting mutual Debts one against the other, which by the said Act is made perpetual) was fur* ther continued, from the Expifation thereof, until the First Day of June 1747, and from thence to the Ehd of the then next Session of Parliament; is near expiring, and fit to be continued*

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was. Upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Bill be brought it), pursuant to the said Resolution > And that Sir John Gift, Mr. Fane, and Sir Nathanael Cnr % on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

,fcc. Mr. Ftllozves reported from the Committee, to a8* whorp the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in the several Parishes of,

Downham, Witchford, and and in a certain 'eXtraparpehial Place called Bya/l Feu, in the and County of Cambridge, was committed. That the Committee had considered the Petition of several of the Inhabitant^ of Stilton, Chatteri, and in the Isle of

Ely and County of Cambridgeand of Eritk, Cotu, Sp* mersham, Pidley, fey oh, and , in the County of

Huntingdon, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, be* ing Owners and Occupiers of Lands lying in the Middle Level of the Fenjs, being Part of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, qb behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands there; and also the Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Fen Lands, lying in the several Parishes of Downham, Witchford, and Wentworth, and in a certain extraparochial Place called Byall Fen, in the ljle of Ely and County of Cambridge, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and had examined the Allegations of the Hill, and found the same to be true; and that the Lords of the Manors of Money and Vpwell, and the Rectors of the Parishes of Money and Vpwell, and the other Parties concerned, had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Eight Personjs, whose Lands contain less than One-seventh Part of the whole Lands intended to be drained; and except Eight others, who, had been apprised of the Contents of the Bill, and did not declare any piflent thereto, and whose Lands contain less than One-eighth Part of the whole of the said Lands; and except Three others, who are fcifed of One hundred and Two Acres, Part of the said Land?, and whole respective Places of Abode, upon Inquiry, copld not be found; and except One who is seised of Eighteen Acres, Part of the said Lands, and who bad not been applied to for his Consent; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made, several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read 1 And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Seconjd time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Another Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

The House wag moved. That so much of an Act, made in the 14-th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual Draining and Preservation of Water beach Level, in the county of ,

and to establish an Agreement made between the Lord of the Manor of Waterbeach cum Denny, and the Commoners within the said Manor, as relates to the Punishments inflicted by the said Act on such Persons as shall wilfully or maliciously set Fire to, or burn, any of the Engines erected by virtue of the said Act, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tq by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Com-

*7

mittee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed tb by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill-.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Poumhp Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred . onG"*il to consider of the Execution of an Act, of this present UBpon ,i£l Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be Imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and for re« pealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enacts, That Prize Goods and Merchandise may be exported, without paying any Duty of Custopi or Excise for the fsyne; the ResolutioW which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are aa followeth j via,

Resolved,.That it is the Opinion, of this Cobimittee,

That the Time fop Payment on the Subscription of Six tntUioos Three hundred thousand Pounds bc enlarged; so that, instead of the Payments which, by the-Act of this Session of Parliament, are to be made on or before the ft2d Day of April and the 24th Day of May next, be made on or before the 2 2d Day of and the 24th

Day of November next, respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Proprietors do allow Interest, at the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for the Payments made after Michaelmas next, from the said Day, tq the Time of actual Payment, the said Interest to be deducted from the Interest due to them on former Payments.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by leaving otit the Words " instead of:"

And the Question being put, That the Words "ipftc^d of," stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, thus amended. That the Time for Payment on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds be enlarged; so that the Payments which, by the ACtof this Session of Parliament, are to be made on or before the and Day of April and the 34th Day of May next, be made, on or before the 23d Day oiOStaber and the 24th Day of November next,

respectively.

The Other Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time, was, upon the Question. put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered That it be an. Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Resolution which was Yesterday reported from the Committer of the whole House, to. whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Mcana for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and which was then agreed to by the House, That they do insert in the said Bill, a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the Resolutions of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Execution of an Act, of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a Subsidy of Poundage upon all Goods and Merchandizes to be imported into this Kingdom; and for raising a certain Sum of Money by Annuities and a Lottery, to be charged on the said Subsidy; and fod repealing so much of an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as enafb, Th^t Prize Goods and Merchandize may be exported, withoutpaying any Duty of Custom or Excise for the fame; which have been this Day reported, and agreed to by the House.

A Message

i i Geo. II. 1° Jprilis.

611

Thorbcekc'i

Nat.

ftcclwood'i

EfUtc.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Thorbeeke: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates late of Henry Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances aflefting the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Ulos of a former Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to consider of the Arrears of the Duties on Houses, determined at Lady-day 1747, which have been paid into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, between Lady-day 1747 and Lady-day 1748} and also of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, which commenced at Lady-day 1747, to fetisfy all Payments charged thereupon, to Lady-day 1748.

The several Papers pret'ented to this House upon the 15th Day of Marth last, relating to the Demands made on behalf of several of his Majesty's Provinces in North America, and others, for the Expences incurred by them in taking and securing the Island of same , with the Town of Loutjbotcrg, and its Dependencies, were feve-tally ordered to be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said C6m-outtee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had cone to several ficsolutions; which they had directetJL

him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, De vifees, and Lessees, of EHates of Papists.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland-, and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions j and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewards Deputy, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned $ was committed; be received upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Efliroate of the Buildings and Rebuildings of Ships of War, at his Majesty's and the Merchants Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1748.

And the Title of the fitid Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followed^ viz.

1

Vol. as.

Papists*

Rftates,

Punishment of Treason in the Highlands of Scotland.

Estimate of Building Ships, &c.

Navy-Office, >Ak ESTIMATE of the Buildings and Rebuilding of Ships of War, at his Majesty‘s and the Merchants Yards, over and above what are proposed to be done on

h 1748J the Head of Wear and Tear, and are not included in the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1748; oreoared inn, rr., ----- Pf P»n» oe__«ne on

Honourable House of Commons, dated the ift of February 1*747

18th March

Place whet *.

Deptford

Woolwich, -

Chatham -

Portsmouth -Plymouth -

In the Merchants Yards

Time when to be

7 , u 10 °e cKJne on O

prepared in pursuance of a Precept from the

Completed.

(December next '< Uncertain -(Uncertain -|CUncertain -\December next October next

Uncertain -

(Uncertain -< May next -^Uncertain -

Uncertain -

For the Hulls of the Ships Rigging and Stores

ABSTRACT.

Charge of their

lilulls, Masts, and Yards - N . Rigging and Stores.

1 £ s. d. jC* 1*

- 15,187 6,240

‘ 12>713 — — 1,940

- 12,312 1,280

7,000 — — m

- 12,144 4,196 — —

5,426 4,196

I 4,000

\ 7,000 -

4,000 m* mu

5,000 — — 5,656

‘I 5,000 — —

[ f 9,000 — —

I «,oco — — m m

r 4,000 — — m m

1 j 1,000 — — . - «.

1 t 1,000 — -

r 4.598 — 5,909

4 6,056 — — . 4.551

1 4.092 3,778

| 6,472 3.778

I 134,020 41.524

It*

Total.

£ s. d.

134,020 — —

41,524 — —

175-544 ——

Vix. The Sum of One hundred Seventy-five thousand Five hundred Forty-four Pounds. Rd Haddock^ Jah Afflorth, Jos, Dan, JD

£ . S.

21,427 ——

14,673 ——

15,592 — —

7.000 — —

16,340 — — 9,622-----

4.000 — —

7.000 — —

4.000 — — 10,656 — —

5.000 — —

9.000 -

8.000 — . —

4.000 — —

1.000 ——

1.000 — —

10,507 ——

10,607 — —

7,870 ——

10,250 ----- --.

i75»544 ——

Will. Corbett* fRufelL

'£0

o

o

2i Geo. II.

Thorbeeke's

Nat.

Birmingham ro High Bullcn Roads.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie ujkm the Table. Failsworth, and in the County Palatine of

to be perused by the Members of the House; coffer, to in the Parish of iri

the County of and for making the same no, ore

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Newnham have Leave effectual; was read thfe Third time, to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock: Resolved, That the Bill db pass: And that the Title

And he moved the Houseaccordingly: And, be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled. Art by an Act, made in the Eighth Veat of the Reign of Act for naturalizing John Thorbeeke, was read the First his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the time. Town of , leading through Newton,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. worth, and , in the County Palatine'of Lancaster, to , in the Parish of Saddleicbrth, in the

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt have Leave t6 County of York; and for making the same more ef-make a Morion: feftual.

And he moved the House accordingly: And, Ordered, That the Lord Strange do tarry the Bill to the

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Lords, and desire their Concurrence, by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his

late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough Licensini several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the of Derby, in the County of Derby, and also of several H»«'krr«iffll

Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called///?^ Bullen, Gentlemen and others, the fair Traders residing within Pedlar*,

and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of the same Borough, whose Names are thereunto sub-

Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilfotr, feribed, was presented to the House, and read; taking

and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswin- Notice of a Petition presented to the House, of the trad-

ford, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the ing Citizens of the City of London, for amending, or to

Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester; was read tally repealing, an Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years a Second time. of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen; and for taking

Mordaunt, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Kynaston, Lord into Consideration an Equivalent to be made for the fame,

Harley, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Nor they, Mr. and appropriated to the like Uses, bya Tax on all Traders

Lyjler, Mr. Fane, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Pytts, within the Limitation of the said Starute; hot only to

Sir Richard Wrolteffey, Mr. Robinson, Sir Nathanael Cur- prevent the illicit Dealings of such Hawkers and Pedlars; zon, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hay, Mr. Curzon, Mr. but also to put a Stop to their common Frauds commit-

Hale, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Turner-, and all the ted on his Majesty's Revenue; with many other gross

Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Salop, Abuses imposed on ignorant arid unwary People: And

Stafford, and Worcester: And they are to meet this therefore praying. That the House will take the Pre-Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's miles into Consideration; and give such Aid and Relief Chamber. therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyffer have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And, Birmingham, A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted fcc. Roads. by an passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the county of ;

and from the said Town of tb' the Town of

Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leaiding from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester-, and for making the same more effectual; was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Hale, Mr. Bond, Mr. Lyffer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hay, Mr. , Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Newnham, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Ft I!owes, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Gray, Lord Parker, Mr. Tuckffefd, Mr. Wilson, Sir John Cuff, Mr. Turner-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Worcester, and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clocks in the Speaker's Chamber.

r. 1

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

t

Luna:, 40 dAprilis;

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Maney, kci Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Money, Drainsg*.

Welney, Down ham, Witchford, and Wentworth, and in a certain extraparochial Place called Byall Fen, in the 1 Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes oi'Money, Upwell,

Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extraparochial Place in Byall Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Robinson Morris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing, dividing, and exebaog- Faceby ing, the common Fields, common Pastures, common hwlofurea Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Town-Ibip of Faceby, in Cleveland, in the North Riding of the County of York-, and for providing certain Recompences to the Impropriators and Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Tythes; was read the Third titfte.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Township of in Cleveland, in the North-Riding of the County of York

and for providing certain Recompences to the Impropriators and Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Ty thes.

Ordered,-Yhoi Sir Miles Stapylton do carry the Bill to the Lotds.and desire their Concurrence.

- Anno at* GeorgiiTIdi Regis, 1748. Prayers.

Mane he for, A N Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers

*c. Roads. dm. granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manch leading through Newton,

Vot.2.5.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in the Relief in r*.-20th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for <pe#io mie-Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title-Deeds Scotch and Writings were destroyed, or carried 0$ by the kebei*. Rebels, in the/late Rebellion, was read a Second time.

Resolved "thafthe Bill be committed.

7 R

6i4 4° Aprilis. A. 1748.

-Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee. $f the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Exportation tylr. Farft prefenfed to the Hoqfe, according to Order, of Tea a Bill for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and to Ireland. pjs Majesty's Plantations in without paying the

inland Duties charged thereupon, by an Act of the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for feme of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds,.by vjrtpe of an Act of this Region of Parliament: And th& same was received; and, read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Muraitce of A Bill for better, regulating of Assurances on Ships, Ship*, ^c. and Qoods laden thereon; and for preventing Frauds therein; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rtfo(ved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Expiring The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made Laws. jp tfip last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, plight be read:

Aridthe same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be a^n Instruction to the Gentlemen

Jflip are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pur-uatjt to the Resolution which was, reported on Friday lad, ja'°tn thp Committee who were appointed, to inquire what Laws are expired, or expiring; and po report their Opinion to the Hpufe, which of th?m are fit to ,be . revived or continued; and which Resolution was then agtged to by the House; That they do infeft in the said Rill, a Clause to rectify a Mistakein the said Act.

Distemper Th® House was also moved, That Part of an Act, amongCattie. tpade in tjip last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to continue, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intitufed, An Act to enable his Majesty to nvak,e Rules, Orders, apd Regulations, more efeftually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages ajnongst the Horned Cattle in th $ Kingdom, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it he an InstruSion ro the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do insert therein a Clause or C laules, to continue, the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament; apd also for thef to continue the said Act, m^de in the preceding Session of Parliament.

Fleetwood's Ah ingrq^jed Bill frptn Lop!?, intitulfd. An Act iiilate. for ^|p ^ive Jtftates late of Henty Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, in the County of Rwf after, for railing Money to difeh^rge the Incumbrances, affecting the fame; and for laying Out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Safe, in the Purchase of other fends and Hereditaments) jo be settled to the Ufesof a former Settlement; yva$ yead vthe First time.

That the Bill be read a Secqnd finje.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, fom the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him so report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ft the Clerk's Table: Where the same f/ere read; and are as followeth; yiz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is just and reasonable, that the several Provinces and Colonies of MassachuRn Ray, New Hampfld?*

neSicut, and Rhode Island, be reimbtirfed the Expenses they have been at ip taking and securing to the Crown of Great Britain the Island of Cape Breton, and its Dependencies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Eighty-three thousand Six hundred Forty-nine Pounds Two Shillings and $even Pence Half-penny, be granted to his Majesty, for reimbursing to the Province of Massachusets Bay their Expences in the said Expedition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Three hundred Fifty-five Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Penpe, be granted to his Majesty, for reimbursing to the Province of New Hampfbrre their Expences in the said Expedition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Eight hundred Sixty-three Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ope Penny, be granted to his Majesty, for reimbursing to the Colony of Conneflicut their Expences in the said Expedition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Three hundred Thirty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for reimbursing to the Colony of Rhode Island their Expences in the said Expedition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Forty-feveo Founds Fifteen Shillings, be granted to his Majesty, to be allowed to James Gibson Esquire, for his Services and Expences in the said Expedition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred thousand Pounds, be granted ,to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour both by Sea and Land; and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be foade with his Majesty's Allies, for the-Year 174S.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Monies which staye arisen, or shall arise, into . the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of the several Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747, foail be deemed and taken, and be applied, as Part of the Fund for paying and dischargir.g the several Annuities; and other Payments, charged, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on certain Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by the said Act, and shall and may be iflueef and applied thereunto accordingly.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Surp. not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Comtpissioners for budding a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from'tKe City of iVefimiifier to the oppositje Shore, in the County of Surry, to finish the fftd Bridge; and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The laid Resolutions, being {Severally read a Second time, were, upon tlye Qupfti^jn severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meant consider further of Ways and Means for railing tfe Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly';

Ordered, That Surplus feted at Lady-dqy 1747, be referred to the said Commitfoe.

Ordered, That Surplus feted at A#chaeljnas 1747, be referred to the said Committee.

Then thp House refolypd itself mtp the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr, Fane took the Chair of the Committed ' r

Mr. Speaker refurewd the Chair.

Mr. Fane, reported from the Committee, That they hod com? IQ IMolution* which they bad di refed' him

to

s i Geo. II. 40 Aprilis . dig

tb report, when -the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

nrply Bill; House and Window Duty.

An ingrossed Bill foreXplaining and amending an Act, pa fled the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was praposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Ft. 8. L. 1. To leave out " Reed," and insert, indead thereof, these Words, " upon any other Material commooly used to plader upon.'*

And the same was, upon the Qued'ron put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Rejohed. , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining, amending, and for ther enforcing, the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to His Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the (hid Rates or Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Punishment The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported, of Treason from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the UadTof *ngr°fl"c<l Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for $coUud t^lc rnore effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Mispriflon of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland', and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making (bme further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 13. After " determine," insert " in the " Court of Judiciary there, in the County, Shire, or " Stewartry, where the said Court shall fit

L. 24. Leave out " or," and after " Shire,", insert " or Stewartry:"

L. at. Leave out " and by good and lawful " Men of the Body of the same County or Shire respect lively :*

L 33. Leave out the Second " or," and after Shire," insert " or Stewartry

L. 35. Leave out from " aforesaid," to the End of the Clause in Press i. Line to and insert Clause At

Pr. a. L. 39. Leave out " or," and after " Shire," insert, " or Stewartry and after " found," insert " or of that, and of One or more of the Counties, Shires, " or Stewartries, next adjoining

Pr. 3. L. 27. After " to,", insert " the Lossof:" Pr. 4, L. 4. After " abolished," insert Clause B:

L. 13, 14. Leave out " for the Commitment H and (afe Custody of Offenders

L. 14. Leave out " Officer or:"

L. ao. Leave out " his or?"

L. 21. After " Magistrate," insert Clause C-: L. 24. 25: Leave out " to be appointed:

L. 25. Leave out " March" and insert " De-

ftnber Vol. 25.

L- 27. Leave out u or," and after Characterlain," insert " or Commissioner

L. a 8. After whatsoever," insert ic or Cols

lector of the Eels

L. 29. Leave out the lift cl or t"

L. 30. After " Chamberlain," insert Commissioner or Collector

L. 37. After " fame,'* insert Clause* D and

E:

At the End of the Bill add Clause F.

Clause A: " And to the End that there may be no * Defect of Jurors to inquire of or try the said Offences " of High Treason, and Mispriflon of High Treason*

" committed in any Part of Scotland, Be it enacted. by the Authority aforesaid, That all Inquiries and Trials " for High Treason, or Mispriflon of High Treason,

" committed or to be committed iri that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, may be had by good and lawful Men, not only of the Body of the County, Shire,

" or Stewartry, out of which they ought to come, by " virtue of the Provision aforesaid, or of former Laws;

" but also of the Bodies of the Counties, Shires, or " Stewartries, next adjoining, or any of them; and the " said Court of Judiciary, and the said Commissionen " or Justices of Oyer and Terminer, respectively, may " and shall issue Process for that Purpose, to the respective Sheriffs or Stewarts of the said County, Shire, o " Stewartry, out of which the Jury ought to come as " aforesaid, and the Coutics, Shires, or Stewartries, next " adjoining thereto, or any of them, requiring them to " return such a Number of Jurors respectively as to " the said Court, or the said Commissioners or Justices,

" shall seem meet; and that in all such Cases, no Challenge for the County, Shire, or Stewartry, shall be €‘ allowed; but nevertheless upon the Trial of any such High Treason, or Mispriflon of High Treason, the " Challenge to any Juror, for not being possessed, i

his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands " or Tenements, as Proprietor or Life-Renter within " the County, Shire, or Stewartry, out of which the " Jury ought to come as aforesaid, or within any of *' the Counties, Shires, or Stewartries, next adjoining " thereto; and all other lawful Challenges to Jurors " shall be allowed."

Clause B: " Provided always, and be it enacted, That " in such Cases where the Testimony of Witnesses shall not be reduced into Writing, the Counsel on both " Sides, and the Pannel, may interrogate the Witnesses " to and upon pertinent and legal Questions; and that immediately before the Assizeorjury shall be inclosed, " the Evidence shall be summed up by the Judges, be-* fore whom such Trial shall be had, or One of them.*'.

Clause C: " And be it enacted, That in Cafe' of " Escapes of Persons committed for civil Causes, the " respective Officers commanding such Forts shall be " accountable to their superior Officers, and shall not be " liable to any Action for the fame."

Clause D: " And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Sheriff Depute, of " Stewart Depute, shall be capable of being elected, or " of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of " Commons."

Clause E: " And whereas his Majesty has thought fit, " for the more easy Administ ration of Justice, to appoint. " One Sheriff Depute only for the Shires of

" ross. One only for the Shires of Stirling and

" nan. One only for the Shires of Argyll and Bute, One " only for the Shires of Elgin znd Nairn, One only for the " Shires of Southerland and Caithness, and One only for " the Shires of Rqfs and Cromartie, Be it enacted, by the " Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff Deputes appointed for the said Shires, shall not be Obliged to reside ^Four Months in each of the said Shires; but that " their nefidence^within the Two Shires, considered as " One District in that Respect, shall be deemed sufficient " to all Intents and Purposes."

Clause

Punishment

of Trca fun in the

Highlands c Scotland,

Cambricki

mnd tra:<h L*v ns.

4°" 5°

Clause F: " Ar.d whereas, t>y the said Act of the 20th

Year of his present Majesty's Reigti, the Court of f " Session in Scotland is dtrested and requited to take into " their Consideration what Fees they shall judge reasonable to be paid to the Clerks, or other Officers, offidating in the Circuit Courts, or in the Courts of She-. ft riffs, or Stewarts in civil Causes, and regulate the same " by One or more Act or Acts of , On or before

the 25th Day of March 1748; which shall be binding " on all Parties concerned, unless or until the same shall " be altered by Act of Parliament: And whereas there " has been no Regulation of the Fees of the Clerks or

Writers to his Majesty's Signet since the Act, passed . " in the Parliament of Scotland Anno 1672, intituled, An '* Act concerning the Regulation of Judicatories, which Act is partly gone into Disuse; and that it hath been " found by Experience, that the said Regulations are not now sufficient to anl'wer the Purposes thereby intended: " And as the fixing and establishing such real'onable Fees for the Clerks or Writers to the Signet, as may be a " proper Recompence for their Service and Trouble, " will prevent Abuses and Exactions upon his Majesty's " Subjects, Be it therefore Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That the Court of Session in Scotland thill be, and is hereby, impowered and required to take into their Consideration what Fees they shall judge " reatonable to be paid to the Clerks or Writers of his Majesty's'Signet, for and in respect of all Summonses, and other ordinary Letters, Sulpensions, Advocations, " Signatures, Precepts, and other Writs by them to be drawn, passing the Signet or other Seals, and regulate . " the fame, by One or more Act or Acts of Sederunt, on " or before the First Day of February next; which shall be binding upon all Parties concerned, until the same " shall be altered by Act of Parliament."

The first Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by adding, at the End thereof, the Word " or:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Then the said Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and is as followeth; viz,

Pr. 1. L. 23. After determined," insert ft in the " Court of Judiciary there, in the County, Shire, or " Stewartry, where the said Court shall fit, or."

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Press 4. Line 13, 14. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Press 4. Line 13, 14. being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

the Two next Amendments, made- by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon; agreed to by the House.

Clause C, the next Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second 'time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House.

The subsequent Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, as far as Clause F, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause F,the laftAmendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed to by the House,

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present

Aprilis. A. 1748

Majesty, intituled, An Act fdf jVotiibiting the Importation and Wearing of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to atbend, and rendet more effectual-, an Act, trfade in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highland? -in Scotland; and for more effectually lecilring the Peace, of the said Highlands; and for restraining the life. of . the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Maftci;s.'and Teachers of private Schools in and Chaplains,

Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs.or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Ep.ilcopal Miliiftefs in Scotland', and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself.into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant PurchaseA, Devilees, and Lessees, of Estates of Pap ills.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 50 d Aprilis: Anno ai* Georgii IIJi( Regis, 1748. Prayers.

MR. Frankland reported from the Committee,- to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Richard Weddell Esquire, lately called Richard Elcock, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Weddell, pursuant-to the-Will of Thomas Weddell Esquire, deceased; and for Empowering the said Richard Weddell, and those in Remainder after him, to

make Leases of the Estates devised to him and them by the said Will; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the BtM in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and trading Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Acts, made in the several Reigns of King William the Third, Queen Anne, and his fate Majesty King George the First, for licencing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, have proved detrimental to the fair Trader, by means of the illicit and fraudulent Dealings of such as have been licensed: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, in order to amend, or totally repeal, the Provisions in the same Acts, touching the said Licences; and, if it shall be the Pleasure of the Parliament to-repeal the fame, that then, as an Equivalent for, and to be appropriated to the like Use as the Duties thereby granted, the House would be pleated to lay a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, on every Trader within the Description of the said Acts; or that the Petitioners may beotherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and trading Inhabitants, of the Town and County of Southampton, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Act, made in the.9th- and

r ibth

Disarming the High- . lands in ,. Scotland.

Papists

Estates.

Weddell'*

Name.

Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

a i Geo. II.

5° April's. 617

loth Years of the Reign Of King the Third, for

Ifeenfing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader and to the Revenue: And therefore playing. That the said Act may be amended or repealed , and that, if it be the Pteaiure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, then, as an Equivalent, a 'lax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute) or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Alderman Baker, Mr. Bterelon, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

dart, Mr. Lafudies, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Edwin,

Mr. Marion, Mr. Southwell, Sir Mr.

Hoblyn, Sir Richard Bampfylde, Lord , Colonel

Lyttelton, Sir Henry Marshall, Sir Hugh Mr.

John Frederick, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Charles,

Mr. Maule, Mr. Thornton, Sir Peter , Mr. Bel-

chier, Mr. Richards, Mr. Abraham Hume, Mr. Tracy; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Relief in re- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House spefttoTitle- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, "P00 the Bill to render more effectual an Act, made in Scorch the ^otb Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

Etc'wcU. for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that

Par of Great Britain called ,whose Title-Deeds

and Writings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels in the late Kcbellton, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j waich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Rcjx>n be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

Aocfcinghae 'The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act A&xes. for holding the Summer Assizes, for the County of Buckingham, at< the County Town of Buckingham, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Kneovraging A Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of Growth of himself, and several other Merchants trading to his Ma-co' jesty's Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That One of the tnoft considerable Brandies of the French American Commerce is Indieo, with which they supply all the Markets in Europe-, and that in England alone the Consumption is upwards of Six hundred shoutand Pounds W'eight per Annum, which, at Five Shillings the Pound, is One hundred and Fifty thousand Pounds; and that Indieo is absolutely necessary to be used in Dyeing, as no good Blue is or can be dyed without it; and that formerly great Quantities of Indieo were made in the British Plantations, but that of late the making thereof has been neglected; and that the Plant from which Indieo is made, grows in great Plenty in South Carolina; and great Quantities thereof have been already made, which, in all respects, is as good for Dyeing as French Indieo; and that much greater Quantities can be m me, wtiercby the French will be deprived of a valuable Branch of their Commerce, if proper Encouragement was given to the Planters in America to promote the making tlu eof: And therefore praying the l louie to take the Picmifes into Consideration; and to do thereupon as u» the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conlidciation of a Committee: And that they do examine, and llate to the House, the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Hume, Mr. Heath, General Oglethorpe, Sir Richard Mr. Charles , Mr. A ajjau, Mr. Jr.njjcn, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

Mr. Codeton, Mr. io, Lord , Mr. Burrell, Lard Barrington, Mr. Hume Campbell, Sir Bour-cher Way, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Benson, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bethtll, Mr, Mr,

VOL. 2 j.

Sir William Calvert presented to the House, according Examining to Order, a Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, ' Drugs, &c. made in the totb Year of the Reign of King the

First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, and Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City<of'London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a'Second time.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thoibeeke'a for naturalizing John Thorbeeke, was read a Second time. Nau

Refohjed,. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas -ham, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

Lord Strange, Mr. Hervey, Lord , Mr. Plumer

Mr. Fyner, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Fonntreau, Mr. Mellish,

Mr Hume, Mr. White, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Sergifun, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lascelles, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Peter Thompson, Kir. Selwyn,

Lord Trent ham, Mr. Turner, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Frank-

land, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Rujhoul, Mr. Willes, Mr.

Taaffe, Mr. Thomas Howard, Mr. Mr. Gray:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for permitting Tea to be exported to Exporting «f

and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying Tea to Ire^ the inland Duties charged thereupon, by an Act of the . *and' *c‘ 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and foren-larging the Time for some of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Way* and Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One million out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutio: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder,

Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Soli-:

7 S citor-

Neau's Nat.

Dry pool Inclostire.

Laagwith

Inclosure.

Holton

Ihdofore.

African

Trade.

Clandestiae

Outlawries.

Disarming the High* lands in Scotland.

618 50 — 6° Aprilis. A. 1748.

citor-General, Mr. Scrape, and Mr. prepare, and

bring in, the feme.

The House was moved, That the Eighth Resolution, which was Yesterday rep orted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the said Resolution was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That all Monies which have arisen.or shall

arise, into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, of " the several Rates and Duties on Houses, which deter-* mined at Lady-day 1747, shall be deemed and taken, and be applied, as Part of the Fund for paying and dif-« charging the several Annuities, and other Payments, " charged, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, on certain Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, granted by the said Act, and shall and may " be issued and applied thereunto accordingly."

Ordered, That it be an Inftrtidtion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Grid Bill, That they do insert therein a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the last mentioned Resolution.

upon the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, >An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for redraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Maders and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and: Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the same; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, delating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Miniders in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Thtrston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Neau:To which the Lords desire the

Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing a large open common Padure Ground called Somergangs, otherwise Somergams, in the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing certain common Padure Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Langwith and Plejley, and the Hamlets of Stoney Houghton and Skirbrook, in the said Parishes, in the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act for confirming and establishing Agreements for inclosing and exchanging Lands in Holton, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read;

And the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of several Merchants of London, and others, interested in, and trading to, , and the Colonies and Plantations in America; and of the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, being read;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Vyner took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

ReJbhedfDxaX. this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *7

Mercuriiy 6* die A;

Anno 21* Georgii II« Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the trading Citizens of the City of LicenGng Carlifc, inhabiting within the said City, and Parts Hawkenud adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, P«dfa«. That the Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader, and to the Revenue: And therefore praying, That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and, if it be the Pleasure of the Legislature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.'

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wedddr. to enable Richard Weddell Esquire, lately called Richard Nine.

Elcock, and his issue, to take and Bear the Surname and Arms of IVeddell, pursuant to the Will of Thomas Weddell Esquire, deceased; and for impowering the said Richard Weddell, and those in Remainder after him, to rqake Leases of the Effaces devised to him and them by the said Will; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Frankland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. West presented to the House, according to Order, gappjy . a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money Sinking '

out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year Fun*-

1748 f and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Exporting of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Tea w the Bill'for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and Ireh»l»S;c« his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying the inland Duties charged thereupon, by an Act of the 18th.

Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for some of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand

Founds,

t

21 Geo. IL 6° Aprilis. lp

Pounds, by virtue of an Act; of this Session of Parliament; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Consequence of recovering and securing this Branch of Commerce to the British Plantations: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Crockatt Esquire is referred: And that they do examine, and Hate to the House, the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petitions.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Indico imported for Ten Years pad, distinguishing each Year, and how much from America, Europe, and Prize, be referred to the said Committee.

jn«tfor»a,nS Gre"* oi lid*0.

A Petition of several Dyers residing in Southwark j and A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. also, Tkurfion:

A Petition of several Dyers residing in and near Mr. Speaker,

London; The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Homfrcy*.

Were severally presented to the House, and read; the Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of Barking and severally setting forth. That Indico is absolutely Dagenham, in the County of Part of the Eft.ite;

necessary in the Trade of the Petitioners, as they of the late Sir Orlando Baronet, deceased, for

cannot dye a good Blue without it, the Importation the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords of which has been for many Years mostly from France',desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, and that the Petitioners have lately bought Indico, The Lords , have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lloyd's which they believe to be the Growth and Produce veiling certain Estates of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and Anne Eftat*. of Carolina, and find it equally good for Dyeing as his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incum-the French', and that, as the Petitioners are informed, brances affecting the fame; and for settling other Estates the Plant, of which Indico is made, grows there in to the Uses in their Marriage-Settlement: To which the great Plenty; so that the Petitioners may expect to Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, be supplied from thence with any Quantity, if proper The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl Brooke'* Encouragement for a few Years were given thereto; veiling a Moiety of the late Sir George Strode' % Estates, in Estate. and that the Making of this useful Article in the Bri- the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, in the Right Honour-tish Plantations will be of great Service to the Peti- able Francis Earl as the same is now held and

ttoners, not only as the Means of reducing the Price, enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Strode's Wiil, and but in furnishing them with more certain and constant the Partition of the said Estates made by virtue of aDecree Sbpplies: And therefore praying the House to take of the Court of Chancery: To which the Lords desire the the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Concurrence of this House.

Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet. And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of several Planters and Inhabitants of South Carolina, now in London, on behalf of themselves, and The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported, from Relief other Planters of that Province, was also presented to the the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to,

House, and read; setting forth, That the principal Com- render more effectual an Act, made in the loth Year of modifies made in Carolina, and shipped from thence to his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of such scotch Great Britain, are Rice, Pijch, Tar, and Turpentine; all of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part of Great Bri- Rebel*, which, being bulky, and of small Value, have, by the tain called Scotland, whose Title-Deeds and Writings were excessive high Freight and Insurance since the War, been destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels in the late Rebellion, sold by the Petitioners at so low a Price, as was not suffi- was committed, the Amendments which the Committee dent even to pay the unavoidable Expences attending the had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him Making of them; and that this has proved the Rum of to report to the House; and he read the Report in his many industrious People, and reduced the Petitioners to Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-the Necessity of employing many of their Servants, used ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments to such Work, in making Cloths, tdc. of Woollen, were once read throughoutand then a Second time, one Linen, and Cotton, also other Necessaries, the Petitioners by one; and, upon, the Question severally put thereupon, were formerly supplied with from England, whiclf were were agreed to by the House.

then a much cheaper Purchase to them by the Produce Ord, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be of what they sent to Great Britain; and that this Cala- ingrafted, roity induced most of the Subscribers, and many other

Planters, to attempt several new Articles proper for the Mr. Nathanael Newnham reported from the Commit- Thorbeeke's Climate, and useful to the Trade of Great Britain, One tee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intitu- Nat. of which is Indico; in which the Petitioners have fuc- led, An Act for naturalizing John Thorbeeke, was com-ceeded so well, as to have sent a considerable Quantity mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations already to England; and that by the Report of Dyers, of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that ‘ and others eonverfant in this Article, as well as by the the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the

Price it has sold at, and by the Experience of the Peti- House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the tioners, and Knowlege of the Fast, they are certain it Bill in at the Clerk's Table, can be made as good in Carolina as in any other Part of

America; and, if once established as a Staple Commodity, Sir Richard Wrottesley reported from the Committee, to Wolver-that the Petitioners could make more than is consumed in whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Roads hampmn.fcc. Great Britain; that the Erecting of Buildings, and pur- from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called chafing proper Tools necessary in this Manufacture, which Sutton Coldfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County will feryc for no other Use, is attended with a considerable of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm Expence, and more than any Planters, in their present called The Mott-house, and through Wood-end Lane, to the Distress, can afford on a precarious Undertaking, unless Town of and from SneaVs Green, through Peak-

they have a Prospect of Advantage over the French Plant- house Lane, to Walsall aforesaid; and from Walsall, ers, by some Encouragement for a few Years; which the through the Towns of Willinhall and

Petitioners are convinced will be attended with the good and from Gibbett Lane, leading from BUston, to the Town Vet, 25.

6 20 > 6° — 7° AA. 1748.

t>f Wolverhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of leading to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop-, and from Wolverhampton, through Teltenhall, to the IVergs, and from thence to Shtffnall, in the said County of ' and from the fVergs to the End of Hales Heath, leading to Newport ;and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Roa'd to Litchfield-, was committed i That the Committee hid examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they hid directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration To-moffow Morning.

Callington Ordered, That Warwick Qfllmady Esq'uire be at Liberty Etediom withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for th^ Borough of in the,

County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That the Orders made for hearing, at. the Bar of this House, the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged,

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to ihe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Callington, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Thomas Copleston Esquire, deceased.

"Cornwall Otdered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Election, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir Coventry Carew Baronet, deceased.

1 '

Relief of The Order of the t)ay being read, for the House td Orphans and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Creditors of the Bill for the further Relief of Ihe Orphans, and other 1^*7 0 Creditors, of the City of London;

Ordered, That the Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the several Funds granted to the City of London by an Act, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of Le«</o«vpafled in the 5th Year of King William and Queen Mary, to

Midsummer 1747, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered,'That the Copy of the Report made, by a Committee of Aldermen, to the Court of Ldrd Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, the atft Day of July last, of the State of the Revenue belonging to the said City, and Orphans Fund, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled. Amount of the now capital Debt due to the Orphans, and other Creditors, of die City of London, as it was settled and adjusted pursuant to the Act, passed in the 5th Year of King and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning,

The other Order of the Day being read;

PapiAs Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-Sl*‘tes night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devi* fees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords, BucWojhaia. to the Bill, intituled, An Act for holding the Summer A"ae*' Assizes, for the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of Buckingham, be now taken into Consideration:

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followed); viz.

Pr. 1. L. 9. Leave out " Regulation,'* and insert " Usage :"

L. 23. Leave out "Thirty," aftd insert

" Forty

L. 24. After " Assize," insert "and;" and, after " Nisi prius," insert " and all general Commissiona "of:"

L.23. After "and,'* insert " all Commissions of Pr. 2. L. 6. Leave out from " Exigency" to to," iil the 9th Line.

The First Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being.put.

That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.;

felta for Y} -3<-

'r^thcNocs.f^f^ } 7*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amertdments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Gore have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossied Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Humfrey* for the Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, Part of the Estate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys Baronet, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhurst have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act EariBroole* for veiling a Moiety of the late Sir George 's Estates, E^*rc‘

in the Counties of Dorsetand Somerset, in the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George 's Will, and the Partition of the said Estates made by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis> 70 die Aprilis;

Anno ai* Georgii IP* Regis, 1748.

PfcAYERS.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, Cambrfcb from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended a"? Frencfc at the Door; A'a*,fc

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of whatQuan-tity of Cambricks and French Lawns have been re-exported

for

Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

£iverpo«le Church and Streets, 4c.

Export of Tea to Ireland, 4c.

Lloyd's

fiflate.

aiGEO. II. 7* Aprilis. Sit

for Seven Years last past, ending at Christmas 1747, diis- Amu hb Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging tinguithing each Year, and how much thereof was ex* Incumbrances affecting the same; and for settling other ported from London, and how much from the Out-ports, Estates to the Uses in their Marriage-Settlement; was with the Places where to exported. read the First time.

And then he withdrew. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said, Account do lie upon the Table, Orde, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Montgomery to be perused by the Members of the House. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt-

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

of this Session. for the Borough of ,in the County of Mont-

gomery, in the room of Henry Herbert Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and several Person5 trading, of the Town and Soak of Grantham, in the An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act New'* Nat. County of Lincoln, and Parts adjacent, was presented to for naturalizing Peter Neau, was read the First time, the House, and read; alleging, That the Act, made in Re/oThat the Bill be read a Second time, the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William

the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty The Lord reported from the Committee, Hertford

Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader, and to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers ®rld*e

to the Revenue: And therefore praying. That the House granted by an Act, passed in the 10th Year ofs the Reign °*

will take the Premises into Consideration, and amend or of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hert~ repeal the said Act; or that the Petitioners may be other- ford Bridge Hill to the Town of; and also the

wife relieved as to the House shall seem meet. Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of

A Petition of the Constable and Traders of the Bo- Odiham, in the County of Southampton 1 and for making rough of Sterning, and Parts adjacent, in the County of the said Act more effectual; was committed; That the

Su/fex, was also presented to the House, and read; con- Committee bad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and taining the same Allegations as are mentioned in the pre- found the same to be true 1 and that the Committee had ceding Petition: And praying, That the said Act may be gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments amended or repealed; and, if it be the Pleasure of the thereunto; which they had directed him to report to Legidature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equi- the Houses and he read the Report in his Place; and valent, a Tax, not exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once Statute; or that the Petitioners may beotherwise relieved read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; as to the House shall seem meet. and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

A Petition of the trading Inhabitants of the Towns of agreed to by the House.

Swansea and Neath, in the County of Glamorgan, wasallo OrdThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Pc- grofled. titioners have been propertionably prejudiced in their

Trade by licensed Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, The Lord according to Order, reported, from Relief of Or-

with the Traders and Citizens of London, as appears by Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill £*?? *"* , their Petition, presented to the House, in relation there- for the further Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, to: And therefore praying for such Kedress in the Pre- o( the City of London, was committed, the Amend- London, mises as may seem most meet to the House. raents which the Committee had made to the Bill; and

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie which they had directed him to report to the House and upon the Table. be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabic:

Mr. Breretonpresented to the House, according to Order, Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and

a Bill for building a Church in the Town of Liverpool, then a Second t,me»onc ty onc i «>d, upon the Question in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlightening severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to and cleaning the Streets in the said Town; and for keep- One of them, agreed to by the House: ing and maintaining a Nightly Watch there: And the ^cvera^ Amendments were made by the House to

fame was received; and read the First time. *bc Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be m-

grossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Screpe do make the Report, which was ordered to be made this Day, from the Committee of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Preferruioa the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting Tea explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his £fP*|b,iek to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation Ro"* in America, without paying the inland Duties charged of the publick Roads; and so much of an Act, passed in thereupon, by an Act of the 18th Year of his present the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for some of Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six mil- and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of lions Three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates Act of this Session of Parliament; was committed: of the Carriage of Goods: And that Mr. Wilkinson and

Mr. Scrope accordingly reported from the said Com- s»r Jdo prepare, and bring in, the fame, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made

to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Mercers

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and to Order, a Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Company's

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in Creditors of the Mercers Company: And the same was "',nu, tant*»

at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once received; and read the First time.

read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; Reftlved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were

agreed to by the House. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Disarming

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend, the H'gb-grossed. and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth 3*°£'

Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act more effectual dilarming the Highlands in Scotland-, and for veiling certain Estates of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and for more effectuallyiecuring the Peace of the said High-Vot, 25. 7 T lands;

Ivcr-

onf&c.

ads.

cks

for

ition.

►okc1!

e.

6ai

7<'-rtt'i4* Aprilis.

A. 1748.

lands; and for retraining the Use of the Highland Drest; and for further indemnifying such Persons as haveaftcdia Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion 1 and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Office!*, of the Court of justiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging thie Matters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating so the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige the Directon of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government.

,- Mr; Speaker left the Chair.

' The Lord Dublin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made forae Progress in the Bill} and that he ‘was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have-leave to fit, again'.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm

called The Mott-house, and through ,to

the-Town of Welf all; and from , through

Peake-house Lane, to Waif all aforesaid; and from Walsall, through the Towns of Willin and Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet Lade, leading from Bilfion, to the Town of Wolverhampton, tend from the said Town to and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop-, and from Wolverhampton, through Tettenhall, to the and

From thence to Shiffnall, in the said County of; and ffom the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newport', and from Wolverhampton, to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Arid then the House adjourned till this Day Seven-night, Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 14° j

Anno 210 Georgii IId» Regis, 1748.. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Paul, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Accourit of the Amount of the Bonds given for the Exportation of Cambricks imported into the Fort of London, from the First 6i A tiguft 1746, to Christmas 1747, and how much

of the said Bonds have been since discharged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Settion.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intitulefd. An Act for vesting a Moiety of the late Sir George 's Estates, in the Counties of Derfet and Somerset, in the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, as the same is now-held and

enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Strode'1 Will, and the Partition df tb* said Estates made by virtue of a. Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read a Second time. - -Rtffaived, That, the Rill be committed to Lord Deer-hurst, Mr. George Pitt, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Mr,

George Selwyn, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Whittington,

Sir Edwated Dering, Mr- Barbor, Mr. Mr. Charles

Torke, Sir Hugh Smthfan, Lord Dupplin, Mr. , Mr.

Hamilton, Mr. Laroche, Mr MitcheUifAr. Hay, Mr. tre, Mr. Dowdffwell, Lord Peterftiam, General Onslow, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Gildart, Lord Strange, Mr. Amyand, Lord Perceval, Mr. Great heed,

Mr. Hope. Weir, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Gray, Sir Ludowick Grant, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Humphry HawortMr.. hend, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Janffen, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Aske; a^d all the Members who serve foe the Counties of Dorset, Somerset, and Warwick: And they are to meet tbia Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrotted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the County of Effete, Part of the Estate of the late Sir Orlando Hunffreys Baronet, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Whichcot, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr, Lord

Deer hurfi, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hawkins, Sir: Maifkcdl,

Mr. Phmptre, Mr. A/he, Mr. Brereton, Dr Mr. Win-

nington, Mr. Gildart, Lord Perceval, Sir John AJlley. Sir Humph. Haworth, Sir John Ramsden, General Onslow, Mn

Thornton* Mr. Gwynn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Laroche, Mr.

Symtnds, Mr. Janffen, Mr. Wilkirtfon, Mr. Mar ton, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Peac/ty, Mr. Hale, Mr. yer. Sir John Cufl; and all the Members who felVe for the Counties, of Essex, Hertford, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for buildinga Church in the Town of Liverpool

in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlighten* Church and ing and deanfing the Streets of the said Town; and for Streets>&c-keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to M Mr. Aldworth, Lord Parker, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Medlycott,

Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Hale, Mr. Gildart,

General Onslow, Mr. Chetw^nd, Mr. Laroche, Mr. delfon, Mr. Scrope, Sir Richard Wrsttefky, Mr.

Mp. Barbor, Lord Perceval, Mr. Owen, Mr. Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Winnington, Mr . Lloyd, Dr. Let, Mr. Har-rifon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Mr, Pauktt*

Mr. George Selwyn, Mr. Nor they. Sir 'Thomas Hales, Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hawkins, Sir John.Gast,

Mr. Tuckfitjd; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Lancaster inch York: And they.are to meet meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act. made in Examining the Tenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, in- Drug*, ice. tituled. An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, and Competitions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburb* thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City, was read a Second:time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir. William Calvert, Mr. George Selwyn, Mr. Charles Tawnshend, Mr.

Huntfreys, Mr. Phmptre, Mr. Hay, Sir Henry.Marshall,

Mr. . Brereton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gildart, Mr.. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Yorkc* Mr. Janffen, Lord Dupplin, Sir John Cust, Mr. Northey, Mr. Carmichael, Mrr Thomas Gore, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Whichcot, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Scrape,

Mr. Amyand, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Me Ge-

acral

a Geo. II. 140 Aprilis\ 623,

neral Onslow, Lord Per, Mr. Yorke, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Trevor, Mr. AufoHy Mr. Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Levejon Gower, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Betheli, Mr. Clayton, Sir Humphry Howorth, Colonel Sir John Peachy,

Mr. Hawkins, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr. Sir

John Aftley, Mr. Martin, Mr. Mr.

ton. Lord Strange; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties, of, Surrey, Middlesex, Kent, and Ejft: And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Fleetwood's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Efl, tc> for Sale of the Estates late of Henry Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money to discharge the Incumbrancesaffefting the same { and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale,

in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of a former Settlement} was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Walter WagstaffBagot, Lord Strange, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hay, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Carter, Mr. , Sir

John Cust, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Symonds, Sir Humph. Haworth, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Levejon Gower, Mr. Palmer, General Onslow, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mr.

Mr Frederick, Mr. Pop Mr. Alar tin, Mr. Charles

Tonmshend.Sir NathanaH Mr. Hawkins, Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. , Mr. Plumplre,

Colonel Moftyu, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sir

Marshall-, ami all the Members who fi-rve for the Counties of Lane eft cr, York, Chester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

Relief of An ingrossed Bill lor the further Relief of the Orphans. CreditoT* of other Creditors, of the City of London, was read the Lonoon. Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be. An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupjfiu do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

M«rmr« A Bill lor the Relief of five Anuitapts and Creditors of Company'* the Mercers Company, was read a Second time.

Annuitant*. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole IIoulc.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night,.resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Relief in re- An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, spefl to made in the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, Tfl* a v^k* An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, Search in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title-Rebet*. Deeds and Writings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels, in the late Rebellion, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to rendpr more effectual an Act, made in the 2*th Year of his Majesty's I'eign, intituled, An Act for Relief of ludi of his Majesty's loyal Subjects in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whose Title-Deeds and Writings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels, in the late Rebellion.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

Expo t of An ingrossed Bill for permittineTea to be exported to Te* to Ireland, and his Majesty;s Plantation, ip America, without re otl, Stc. p4ying t]ie inland Duties charged thereupon, by an Act

Vol. 25.

of the Eighteenth Year of his jpresent Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for tome of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Sdfcan of Parliament; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title he. An Act for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying the inland Duties charged thereupon, by an Act. of the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Rcigo; and for enlarging the Time for tome of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Scrope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and define their Concurrence.

An ingross&d Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Neu'* Nat. for naturalizing Peter Neak, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mar(in,

Sir Bourcker Wrey, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Carter, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Walter staff Bagot, Sir John Cust, Mr. H, Mr. Potter, Mr. Wimungton, Mr. Whichcot, Sir Peter

Mr. Carmichael, Lord Perceval, Mr. Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Lockyer, General,

Lord Dupplist, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bayntun Roll, Mr. Tuck-

field, Sir Humphry Haworth, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gildart,

Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Levejon Gower, Sir John Aftley,

Sir Nathanael Cttrsuni, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.'

Tcvoushend, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hoblyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lloyd'* for veiling certain Estates of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the same 1 and for settling other Estates to the Uses in their Marriage-Settlement; waa read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. Charles Towufkend, Lord Dterkurst, Mr. Non hey.

Sir Humphry Haworth, Mr. Sandys, Sir Richard Wrotte«. ftey, Mr. Aldworih, Mr. Owen, Sir Bourcker,

Mr. Barlow, Mr. Badville, Mr. Symonds, Mr.

ham, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Tuckficid, Mr. Carter, Sir Peter Thompson, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Tracy, Mr.

Wimungton, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Lascelles, Sir John -nard. Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Palmer, Mr.

Sir Walter Wagstaff Bagot, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Hawkins,

Sir John Cust, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Nathanael CurzoHi Lord Perceval, Mr. Delmi, Mr. LeveftmGower, Mr. Bel-chier, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Reynolds, General Oglethorpe,

Mr. Piuney, Sir Wiliam Calvert, Sir John Aftley; and all the Members who serve for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Sp^ak- . er's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Thorbeejce'* for naturalizing John Thorbeeke, was read the Third time. Nat* Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Nathanael Newnkom do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Order of the* Day, for taking into Wolver-Considerationthe Report from the Committee^ to whom hampton,&c. the Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the Road>*

End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called' Sutton Coltffield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm-called 72*

Alott-house, and through Wood-end the Town of

Walsall; and from Sneed's. Greek, through Peok-house Lane, to Walsall aforesaid; and from. Walsall, through the Towns of Willinhall and Wolverhampton, and km Gibbet Lane, leading from Bilston to the Town of Wolverhampton,

624

14* — 15°

A. 1748.

Hertford Arid;

verhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and from Wolverhampton, through Tettenhall, to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, in the said County of Salop; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newport j and from Wolverhampton to Cannock in the

Road to Litchfield; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 150 die Aprilis;

Anno 210 Georgii II" Regis, 1748.

Fra TERS.

>rd AN ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers e il. granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke; and also -the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the lteign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of; and also

the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of Southampton; and for making the said Act more effectual.

Ordered, That, the Lord Harry Powlett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Licensing A Petition of the fair Traders in the Borough of New-H*p In" *rd t0H* 'n County, of Lancaster, inhabiting within the said

Pedlar*. Borough and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and Vtad; alleging, That the Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, has proved detrimental to the fair Trader, and to the Revenue: And therefore praying. That the said Act may be amended or repealed; and, if it be the Pleasure of the Le-gillature to repeal the said Act, that then, as an Equivalent, a Tax, nor exceeding Two Shillings a Year, may be laid upon all Traders within the Limitation of the said Statute; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Punishment - An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An of Treason for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of

landTofScoi- Nigh Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in land. the Highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Prac-

tice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions} and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were tfcrerally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 27. After " or," to insert " to

L. 33. To leave out " said," and to leave out " April," and insert " July

Pr. 4. L. 1. After " such," and before " Witnesses," to insert " Witness or."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing in what manner any Person, against whom a Commission of Bankrupt hath been awarded, and who hath not already obtained his Certificate and Discharge, in pursuance of the Laws now in Force, relating to Bankrupts, shall become intitled to the Benefit of this Act:

And the said Clause was twice read; and the Blanks therein being filled up, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Kingston upon Hull, and the County of York, late the Estate of George Dawson Esquire, deceased, in Roper Dawson, hiseldeft Son and Heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the several Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to make a Provision for his Brothers and Sifters: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties; without any Amendment:' And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to rectify a Miilake in an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And also. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for further regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service; and for extending the Discipline of the Navy to the Crews of his Majesty's Ships wrecked, loft, or taken; and for continuing to them their Wages, upon certain Conditions; without, any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for cresting Work-houses for the better employiag and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the Town of Manchester, leading through Newton, Failsworth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of York-, and for making the same more effectual; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefleogers withdrew'.

‘ Sir

Insolvent

Debtor^.

Daw Ton's Estate.

Supply Bil!; House and Window Duty.

Army; Mutiny and Delation.

NavalCourti

Martial.

Bury St. Edmuod* Poor and Streets.

M ancheffre, 5cc. Roads.

*i Geo. II. 15 18

Sir Hugh Smithjet reported -from the Committee* to

Ro"" whom the Bill lor repairing the High Road from Piers Bridge to Kirkmerringtoin the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike ftoad near Sunderland Bridge, in the same County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; a^d-that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after* wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's T^ble: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, japon the Question severaliy put thereupon. One of them wasdilagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be io-eroded.

Dawfoo't An ingrafted Bilk from the Lords, intituled, An Act

ESate. for vesting the Equity of Redemption of divers Messuages,

Laads, and HeKditareents, in Kingston upon and the County of Vent, late the Estate of Esquire,

deceased, in Roper Daw/on, his elded Son and Heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the Icverai Incumbrances afiefting the tame, and to nuke a Provision for his Brothers and Sifters, was read the Fird time.

Be/aived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Wo|*er- Ordered, Ttagt the Report from the Committee to C whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton C0I4/L eld, in the Parish of in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called Tie Mott-house, and through to the Town

of Walsall -, and from Sural's Green, through Ptak-house Lane, to Wal/allatbresaid; and from through the

Towns of WilUnhall and , and from Gibbet

Lane, leading from Bilfion, to the Town of Wolverhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of leading to Bridgenorth,

in the County of Salop; and from Wolverhampton, through 1Tettenhall ,to the Wergs, and from thence to Skiff nail, in the said County of Salop-, and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newport-, and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to ffeld was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

v And then the House adjourned till Monday

Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luneet 18*;

Anno at* Georgii II. Regis, 1748.

P* A YKKS.

"Birmingham, OIR Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, Ice. Read*. to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fird, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester -, and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of in the County of Worceft and for making the same more effectual; was committed; That the Committee , had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the HOufe; and he read the Report in his Place; and after-VOL. 25.

' Hprtlis.

wards delivered 4heBilU with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Whore the Amendments were once read . throughout; and then a Second time, ooe by one; and, upon the Question Ieveraliy put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grossed.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto Licensing subscri bed, Traders and Inhabitants of the Town of Shrew/-bury, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, who travel and trade about the Country, by virtue of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of Kiqs;

William the Third, are very prejudicial to the Petitioners,

and others the settled Traders and Inhabitants of England and Wales \and frequently fell Wares of various druids,

without Licences, with Impunity, most People-being ferq-pulous of becoming Informers; whe»fby hjjs MajestyS Revenues are diminished, and the Intention of the said Act of Parliament <vad«l; and that, notwithstanding the said itinerant petty Chapmen, who contribute nothing (except for their Licences, if taken out) to the Exigencies of the State, have mocha he Advantage of the Petitioners, who greatly, and with Chearfuinels, bear their Proportions in all public k Taxes, and may, consequently, afford to undersell the Petitioners; yet, taking Advantage of the weak and injudicious. Experience evinces. That they not only frequently vend damaged and unmerchantable Goods, but at higher Prices than settled and fair Traders commonly fell, to the great Detriment of the Petitioners and this Kingdom: And therefore praying. That, upon __

the Petitioners and others the lettled and lair Traders of this Kingdom railing and making good an annual Revenue, equal to the Money arising from the Licences granted as aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper, the said Act, or so much thereof as permits Hawkers,

Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, to travel and trade from House to House, may be repealed; or that the House will grant such Remedy in the Premises as the Nature of the Cale shall or may require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers to High granted by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign Bullen Roada. of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bulkn, and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bil/on; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswin/ord, and to the further End of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments Were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon* were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Cufipresented to the House, according to Imprifoii-

Order, a Bill to continue several Laws for the Relief of ment of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Per- Debt0l'» c* fans; relating to Frauds in the Customs, and Copper Ore of th tBriti/hPlantations; and to the Distemper amongst

the Horned Cattle: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

7 U Mr.

Preservation of publick Roads.

V ' M

i*. V

Scotch

Heretable

Jurisdiction.

i8° Apritts.

Mr. IVilhnfon presented to the House, according tb (jrder, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads; and To much of an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of King liam' and Queen Maty, intitiilfed, An Act for the bfilter repairing and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling 'the Rates of the Carriage of Goods: And the fame' was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.1

Mr. Chancellorof the Exchequer acquainted; the House, That he had a Message from his Majesty to this-'House, signed by his Majesty; and further acquainted the House, ^That he was commanded by his Majesty to lay before tins;-House, Copy of- the Report and Certificate of the Rdtift of Council and Session "in Scotland, made tb his Majesty in-his Privy-Council*‘pursuant to the Act of Parliament, ^affedin the 26th YeatOf his Majesty's Reign, :for taking away arid abolishing the HeretablO Juristl/c-tions'in that Pdrt oi Great Britahd-foi*

making Satisfaction-to the Proprietors thereof, tec.-

And hedelivered his Majesty's Message to Mr. Speakei*; ifid delivered the said Copy in at the Clerk's Table.

His Majesty's Message-was read by Mr. Speaker all the Members of the'House being uncovered, and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGER.

The Court of Session in Scotland having, in pursuarree of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, ftnished the Examination thereby directed, touching the Titles and Values of the several Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices, 'claimed before that Court, and made a Certificate of *their Opinions thereupon to his Majesty, in his Privy-Council; and all the said Jurisdictions and Offices being actually extinguished, or resumed and annexed to the Crown respectively, from the 25th Day of March last, his Majesty has commanded a Copy of the said Cert ificate to be laid before this House; and recommends it to his faithful Commons, to make Provision for the Payment of such reasonable and just: Compensation and Satisfaction to the Proprietors of those Jurisdictions and Offices, as was by the said Act intended and directed.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow. Morning, take his Majesty's most gracious Message into Consideration.

Then the Title of the said Copy was read;

The laid Copy is as followeth;

Unto the King's most Excellent Majesty in Privy-

Council:

The humble Report and Certificate of the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland:

Sheweth,

That, by the Act of the Twentieth of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction " to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such " Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice " throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the " King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all f< Persons aft ing as Procurators, Writers, or Agents, in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more " completeit being Enacted, That all- Heretable Jurisdictions of Justiciary, and all Regalities, and Heretable Bailliaries, and all HeretableConstabularies, other than the Office of High Constable of Scotland, and all S^ewartries, being Parts only of Shires or Counties, and all Sheriffships and Deputy Sheriffships of Districts, being Parts only of Shires or Counties, within that Part, of Great Britain called Scotland, belonging unto, or possessed, or claimed, by any Subject or Subjects, and all Juris-£2

distjBh's, Powers, Authorities, and Privileges, thereunto appurfepant, or annexed, or dependent thereupon, shall be, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March± in the Yeas bf our Lord One thousand- ISeven hundred and Forty-eight, abrogated, taken'ri way, and totally dissolve^ and extin gfiifhe'd. ' Z‘ >"

n And: it! Rcing furihCr Enacted, That reasonable and iuft Compensation and! Satisfaction shall be made but of the next Aids, to be granted in Parliament, for,' and in rei spect of, every such Justicrary, Regality, Sheriffship.TDe-puty Sheriffship, StewartqvConftafeulary,;'and Railiiary, thereby taken away and diuolVfed,^f flefiamed and annexed to the CCown, to all'Sfld every Perfbri and Persons respectively, Who shall appeSf ^o*ba lawfully possesstfd ofariyli&ft Justiciary, ltegali ty, Shefiffthip, Deputy Sheriffship, SteW-artry, Constabularyj or BailUkry, and^e^ftf1 Clerk there-of, who; was, on the Eleventh Day of-One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, lawfully possessed, for Life, of his Clerkship, in cate such Office shall be rtecef&rily ejftihguished, in cohfequinite dfthis Act.

" And it being the 'rein' further liriafted; That all rind evfty PeYf&\ arid Petforisfj lawfully possessed of any such Justiciary, Regality, Shefiffship, Deputy: Shefiffship, StevVartry, Constabulary,' Bailliary, or Gferkship, thou Id on or before the Eleventh Day of in the Year

of our Lord One thousand Seven: hundred and Forty-seven, make and enter his, her, and their. Claim or Claims thereto respectively, in the Court of Session in Scotland-, and that all such Claims, or Vouchers produced in Support thereof, should be given out, in the ilfual Mariner, ‘to his Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, orhis Deputy, or to his Majesty's Solicitor-General there, wfioare thereby authorized ancf required to appear, on behalf of his Majesty, to defend orobjeft against all or any such Gfeim or Claims, as they shall find Causeto oppose, either in respect of the Validity of the Clairiiant's Title to the Jurisdiction therein set forth, or of the Value and Price thereof; and that the said Court of Session should, in a summary way, examine the several and respective Titles to the feme; and, in case they shall find any such Person or Persons to have been so lawfully possessed, as aforesaid, of any such Justiciary, Regality, Shcrrffftiip, Deputy Sheriffship, Stewart-ry, Constabulary, Bailliary, or Clerkship, then the said Court should, with all Dispatch, consider, and declare their Opinion, touching the Value- arid Price thereof; and should cause all such Opinions to be entered in a Roll, to be keeped for that Purpose, and make Certificate, or Certificates, thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs, or Successors, in his, or their, Privy-Council.

We do therefore most humbly report and certify to your Majesty, in Privy-Council, That, in pursuance of the said Act of Parliament, numerous Claims to Heretable Jurisdictions of Justiciary, and others, in the said Act mentioned, were entered before us, in the Court of Session, on and before the Eleventh Day of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven: That, after hearing. 'Counsel bn behalf of the Claimants, as also your Majesty's Advocate, on behalf of the Crown, and due Confederation thereof had, many of these Claims have beeh dismissed as insufficient, and a good many others have been sustained; and our' Opinion declared, touching the Value and Price thereof, and such Opinions entered in a Roll or Book, keeped for that Purpose, according to the Directions of the Statute.

And we do more particularly most humbly certify to your Majesty in Privy-Council, That, upon the Claims entered, by the Persons after-named, for the Heretable Jurisdictions herein after expressed, the Court has adjudged the Claimants to be lawfully possessed of those several Jurisdictions, in Terms of the aforesaid Act of Parliament, and have declared their Opinion, touching the Value-or Price thereof, in Manner under-written, viz.

Duke

it Geo II. 18° Aprilis.

Duke of Hamilton. That the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Rcgality of

Hamilton, claimed by his Grace James Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, may be rated at the Sum of Three thousand Pounds Sterling - - - 3fiOO — —

Duke of Bucclenth, That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by his Grace Francis Duke of

and clench, and Francii -Earl of Dalkeith, his Son, may be rated at the Sums under-

Earl of Dalkeith, written, viz.The Heretable Office of Lordship apd Jurisdiction of the Regality of

Liddifdale, at- the Sum of Six hundred Pounds Sterling; the 1'eretable Office of Lordshipand Jurisdiction of the Regality of Dalkeith, at the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and juiitdidlioooof the Regality otllawick, at the Sum of Four hundred Pounds, Sterling; and the Heretable Office of the Lord lh ip and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Ejkdale, at One thousand Tour lrundred Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of MufsJeburgh, at Three hundred Pouness Sterling - - 3,400 ~ -‘-3

Duke of Gordon. That the followiagJurildtdLibns, claimed by his Grace Cojmo George Duke o'f

Gordon, may-be rated at the Sums under-written, The Heretable Office of '

Lordshipand Jurisdiction of the Regality of ,at the Sum of Four thousand

Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction ci the'.Regality of Ur qu hart, at Thrde hundred Pounds Sterling; the Office of Heritable Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Five hundred Poundsjpter-

ling; the Office of Herctabie Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of in

: the Shire of Murray, at One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings r" - - and Six Pence Sterling; and the Office of Heretable Baillie of the Regality of the

Bishop of Aberdeen's Lands, at Three hundred Pounds Sterling - - 5,282 19 6

DuchelsofGordon. .-That the Office of Herctabie Baillie of the Regality and JurisJicUon, claimed

over the Landi. of Preftonhatl by her Grace Henrietta Duclich Dowager of Gordon, may be-nt-rd-at Twenty-dvr Pounds Nine Shillings and Ren Pence Sterling; - 25 9 10

Duke of Queehf- That the following Jurisdictions, claimed b\ his Grace Charles Duke of,

berry. berry and Dover, may berated at the Sums toiipwing, viz. The HeretableSheriff-

ship of the Shire of Dum/reis, at the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Lordship and Juriididt ion of New at One thousand Six hundred and Twenty one Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence Sterling 6,621 8

Duke of Argyle. That the following Jur-fu.Cfions, claimed by his Grace Duke of

" Argyll, may be rated at the Sums under written, viz. The Herctab.c Sherifi'ship of the Shire of Argyle, at ne Sum of Five thousand Pounds S.erling; the He'etabie Jurisdiction ef Justice-General of the Shire >1 and the whole Islands of

Scotland (excepting Orkney, Zetland, and Arran) at the Sum of Fifteen thousand

Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office ot Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Campbell, at One thousand Pounds Sterling - -21,000 — —

Duke of Douglas. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by his Grace Archibald Duke of Douglas, may be rated a: the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office and Jurisdiction of the Constabulary of Dundee, at the Sum of One thousir.d Eight hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of tire Regality of Kirriemuir, at the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship of the Regality of at Thirty-

seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Four Pence Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of , at Sixteen Pounds Five

Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Jedburgh Forest, at Nine hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Bunckle and Preston, at Four hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality o f.Botkivell, at Three hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Douglas, at Eight hundred Pounds-Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Dudhope, at One hundred Pounds Nine Shillings and One Peny Sterling - -- - 5,104 5 i

Duke of Athole. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by his Grace James Duke of Athole, may be rated at the Sums‘under-written, The Office of the Sheriff for Life of the Shire of Perth, at the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordshipand Jurisdiction of the Regality of , at One thousand One hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Stewart of the Stewartry of HuntingtoivAr,at Two hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Eighteen Shillings Sterling; and the Herctabie Office of Stewart of the Stewartry of Fife, at One thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling - 4,023 *8 —

Duke of Montrose. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by his Grace William Duke of

trofe, may be rated at the Sums under-written, The Heretable Office of Shenff-

ship of the Shire of Dunbarton, at the Sutn of Three thousand Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of , at Five hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling; the Heret ;bie Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regdity of Montrcfc, at One thousand Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Darnly, at Eight hundred Pounds Sterling; and Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

at Two hundred Pounds Sterling ----- --- 5,578 18 4

DukeofRo.v/>wrjL That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by his Grace Robert Duke of Roxburgh,- may be rated at the Sums under-written, The Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of ,at the Sum of One thousand Vot, 25. Three

Scorch

Hrretable

jariiidiction.

6i % 18* Aprilis. A. 1748.

Scotch Three hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heritable Office of Baillieahd;Juri£lidioa<of f.

t!?.g;rj;a:le the Regality of Sproufloun, at Three hundred Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable

*" ' Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Glasgow> over the Baronies of

Ancrum, LiUiJleaf, and AJkerk, at Five hundred Pounds Sterling - . - , - 5},xoo —

Marquis of Tweed- That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

dale. fermling, claimed by John Marquis of Tweeddale, may be fated at Two thousand

Six hundred Seventy-two Pounds Seven Shillings Sterling: - - - - 2,67a 7- —

Marquis of Annan- That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by George Marquis of Amandale, may dale. ' be rated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Moffat, at the Sum of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling; and' the Heretable Office and Jurisdiction of Stewart of the Stewartry of

Annandale, at Two thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling - - n. - 3,000 — —

Court tess of Hope- That the Heretable Office of Stewart of the Stewartxy or Shire of,

ton. claimed by Henrietta Countess Dowager of Hopetan, ma.y be rated at Five thour

sand Pounds Sterling - - - . - . - . - - 5,000 — —

Trustees for the That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Saint Creditors of the Andrewr be North Forth, claimed by David Kinloch, of Qilmerton Esquire, and Earl of Crawfurd. others, Trustees for the Creditors of William Earl of Craufurd, may be rated at

the Sum of Three thousand Pounds Sterling - - - - 3,000- — —

CourttefsofErro//. That the Heritable Office of Lotdship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Stains, claimed by Mary Countess of Erroll, may be rated at One thousand Two

hundred Pounds Sterling - - - 1,200-

Earl of Sutherland.That the Heretable Offices of Sheriffship of the Shire of Sutherland, and tof the

Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of the Earldom of Sut herlandf cleaned by William Earl of Sutherland, may be rated at One thousand ..Pounds

Sterling - - - - - - - - 1,000-

Earl of Rothes. That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Fife, claimed by John Ci

Earl of Rothes, may be rated at the Sum of Six thousand Two hundred Sixty^eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings Sterling - - - r 6,268 16

.Earl of Morton. That the following J urildidions, claimed by James Earl of Morton, may berated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Offices of Judiciary, Sheriffship, or Stewartry, of the Shire of Orknay and Zetland, at Seven thousand One hundred,

Forty-seven Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jfcrildiction of the Regality of Aberdour, at Ninety-three Pounds Two Shillings Sterling - - - - 7,240 2 —

Earl of Eglinton. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by Earl of Egliuton, may be

rated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Bailliary of Cunninghame, at the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Juriiijidion of the Regality of Kilwinning, at Eight hundred Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Stieriff-ship of the Shire of Renfrew, and the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Paijtay, at Five thousand Pounds Sterling - - .- - 7,800 — —

Earl of Cafftllis. That the Heretable Office of Baillitf and Jurisdiction of the Bailliary of Garrick, claimed by John Earl of Caffillis, may be rated at One thousand Eight hundred Pounds Sterling - - - - 1,800 — -t-

Earl of Morray. That the following J urildidfions, claimed by James Earl of Morray, may be rated

at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Elgin, at Three thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office and Jurisdiction of Stewart of the Stewartry of Monteath, at One thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling - . 4,200 — —

Earl of Strathmore. That the Heretable Office and Jurilcii&ion, as Constable of the Burgh of,

claimed by Thomas Earl of Strathmore, may be rated at Six hundred Pounds Sterling - -- - 600 — —

Earl of Galloway. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by Alexander Earl of Galloway, may

be rated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office and Jurisdiction of Stewart of the Stewartry of Garlics, atOne hundred and Fifty-four Pounds Nine Shillings Ten Pence Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Whithorn, at One hundred Sixty-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings Two Pence Sterling - -- -- - - - 321 6 —

' Earl of Lauderdale. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by James Earl of Lauderdale, may be

rated at the Sums under-written, The Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Thirleft at Five hundred Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Bailliary of Lauderdale, at Five hundred Pounds Sterling ----- - - 1,000 — — -»

Earl of Kinnoull, That the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of and Balhoufie, claimed by George Earl of Kinnoull and Thomas Wfcount of , may

Viscount Duplin.be rated at Eight hundred Pounds Sterling ----- - 800 — —

Earl of London. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by John Earl of London, may be rated

at the Sums under-written, viz.The Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of London, at Three hundred and Sixty-nine Pounds Three Shillings and One Peny Sterling; the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Mauchlme, at Eight hundred and Six Pounds Two Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling; and the Office of Baillie, for Life, of the Bailliary . of Kyle, Stewart and Office of Sheriffship, for Life, of the Shire of at One thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling - - - -2,67559

Earl

a i Geo. II.

Bari of Dmfreii.

18 Aprilis.

629

Earl of Fk

That the following Jurisdictiorts, claimed Eari of Dumfrels, may be

rated at the Sums under-written, fix. The Heretable Sheriffship of the Suite of Clackmannan, at the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regaiitly of at

Fbuf hundred Potinds Sterling > - -1 -

That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by James Earl and

may oe rated at the Sums under-written, vit. The Heretable O(fitCof the Lordship and JurisdidUon of the Regality of at the Sum of Two hundred and

Eighty-four Pounds Nineteen Shillings Four PenctfSterling j the Heretable Office of Baiiiie and Jurisrii&ion oVef the Lands and Barony of Sttath at Two hundred Powrids Sterling; and the HeretableOfficfe of Constabulary of the Btirgh of Cullen, at Six hundred Pounds Sterling -

Earl of Bread alkane, That the Heretable Office of Batlhe andjurisdi&km of the Baillidry over the

d]

8ro»A

Hefciabie

Juiikhdion.

2,400 ——

- 1,084 19 4

and

Lord Glenorcky

Earl of March.

- 1,000 — —

Lands of Difchyre, Toy ere, Gltnlyon, and the Barony of Glendtxhart, claimed by

John Earl of Breadalbane. and John Lord may be rated at One thousand

Pounds Sterling ——

That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by William Earl of March, may be rated at the Sums under written, viz. The Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Peebles, at the Sum of Three thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of New/ands and Linton, at Two hundred and Eighteen Pounds Four Shillings and Five P.nee Sterling - - - j '3,4*8

That the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Marchment, claimed by Hugh Earl of Marchmont, may be rated'at Three hundred Pounds Sterling — - -

That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of , claimed by

Roderick MLeod, of Cadboll, as being an Incumbrancer thereon, in virtue of the Titles fn furth, in his Chum, may be rated at One thousand Nine hundred and Eleven Pounds Five Shillings and Six P.-nce Sterling -

That the Heretable Office of Deputy Sheriffship within a Part of the said Shire of Cromarty, vwer toe Lands of the Barony of Cromarty, and other*, belonging to William Urquhart, of Meldrum, and claimed by the said William ,may be

rated at Fifty Pounds Nineteen1 Shillings One Peny Srerling -

That the Heretable Office of Deputy Sheriffship within a Part of the Shire of Cromarty, over the Lands of Sew hall, and others, claimed by Patrick Hepburn,

Writer in Edinburgh, may be rated at Thirty-seven Pounds Fifteen Sniffings Five Pence Srerling -

That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of Regality over the Lands of Glet luce, claimed by John Earl of Stair, may be rated at Four hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling ——

That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by John Earl of Bute, may be rated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Bute, at the Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling; and the:Heretable Office of Lordship and JuriiHi&ion of the Regality of at One hundred Eighty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Three Pence Sterling -

That the following J urisdictions, claimed by John Earl of , may be rated

at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Linlithgow, at the Sum of Three thousand Pounds: Sterling; the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of Bathgate, at One hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings One Peny Sterling; land the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Saint Andrew's, on the South Side of Forth, at One thousand Four hundred Pounds Sterling - -

That the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality over the.

Burgh of Frafirburgh, and Lands called Faithlie, claimed by Alexander Lord Salton, may be rated at Fifty-two Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling ——

That the Heretible Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

pkichen, claimed by James Lord Terphicben, may be rated at One hundred and Thirty-four Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence Sterling - -

That the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Kirkpatrick, claimed by Walter Lord Blantyre, may be rated at Two hundred Pounds Sterling -

Lady IfabeUa Scott. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

claimed by Lady IfabeUa Scott, in so for as the same extends over the Lands belonging to the Claimant, may be rated at the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds Sterling ----- ----- 1,20b — —

.That the Heretable Office of Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Primrefe, claimed by John Lord Dalmeny, may be rated at One hundred and One Pound Thirteen Shillings and Seven Pence Sterling -

That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Wigtom, claimed by Sir Andrew Agnew, of Lochnaw, may be rated at Four thousand Pounds

Sterling ....

That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of weern, claiined by Sir John Assftruther, of may be rated at Two hundred

and Eighty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings Three Pence Sterling -

Earl of Marchmont.

Roderick MLeod.

William Urquhart.

Patrick Hepburn.

Earl of Stair.

Earl of Bute.

Earl of Hopeton.

4V

300 ——

'1.91*1 5

S* 19

37 >5

450 ——

2,186 9 3

Lord Salton.

Lord Torphichen.

Lord Blantyre.

4,568 16 1

52 18 4

134 12

200

John

Lord

meny.

Dal

Sir Andrew Agnew.

Sir

John Anf rather.

101 13 7

4,000 — —

282 is 3

Vol. 35.

Lord

Scotch

Heretable

Jariididiofl.

6$0 18® 1748.

Lord Braceo. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by William Lord Bracco, may be rated

at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Lord ship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Plufcarden, at Sixty-eight Pounds Eighteen Shillings Five Pence Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of Regality over the Lands of Pethnick, at Thirteen Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling - - - 82 2 I

Antonia Barclay. That the Heretable Office of Baillie of the Regality of Lindores, claimed by , Antonia Barclay, of Collerny, and Mr. Harry Barclay her Husband, may be rated at Two hundred and Fifteen Pounds Sterling - - - - -215 — —

Sir John Bruce That the Heretable Office of Lord ship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Kinross, claimed by Sir John Bruce, of Kinross, may be rated at Two hundred and

Forty-three Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling - 243 13 ®

Char lee Bruce. That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of claimed by C

Bruce Esquire, elded Son of the said Sivjohn Bruce, of Kinross, may be rated at Two thousand Pounds Sterling - - 2,000 — —

Sir Duncan Camp- That the Heretable Office of Baillie of the Regality of claimed by Sir

bell. Duncan Campbell, of Lochnell, may be rated at Eighty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings

and Four Pence Sterling - - - - 85 16 4

John Campbell. That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of claimed by John

Campbell of Colder, and Alexander Campell of Delnies, his Trustee, may be rated at Two thousand Pounds Sterling - -- -- - 2,000 — —

David Carmichaell. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Abernethy,

(of which the Duke of Douglas is Lord) claimed by David Carmichaell, of

die, and his Son, may be rated at One hundred and Eighty-seven Pounds Eleven

Shillings and Eleven Pence Sterling ----- --- 187 11 H

Robert Colvill. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Cullrofs,

claimed by Robert Colvitl', of Ochiltree, may be rated at Six hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling < - - t- - - 633 6 8

Archibald Douglas. That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire of Roxburgh, claimed by

Archibald Douglas, of Deanbrae, Brother-german.to Douglas, of Cavers,

may be rated at One thousand Six hundred and Sixty- six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling ----- - ----- - 1,666 13 4

DoQor Robert That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Dum-

Drummond. blane, claimed by Doctor Robert Drummond, of Cromlix, may be rated at Four

hundred Pounds Sterling - - 400 — —

David Erskine, That the Heretable Office of Constabulary of the Burgh of Montrose, claimed Lord Dun. by David Erskine, of Dun, may be rated at Five hundred Pounds Sterling - 500 — — -

Sir Arthur Forbes. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

Fintray, and others, formerly Parts of the Regality of Lindores, claimed by Sir Arthur Forbes, of Craigin ar, may be rated at Four hundred Pounds Sterling - 400 — —

SitLudovickGrant. That the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

Grant, claimed by Sir Ludovick Grant, of , may be rated at Nine hundred Pounds Sterling - - - - 900 — —

Nr. John Hamilton. That the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Drem, claimed by Mr. John Hamilton, Advocate, may be rated at Five hundred Pounds Sterling - - - - 500 — —

John Hay. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Bailliary of Dunbar,

claimed by John Hay, of Lawfield',may be rated at Eight hundred Pounds Sterling - -- - 8co — —

Heriot*s Hospital. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

Burghtoun, claimed by the Magistrates and Ministers of Edinburgh, Feoffees in Trust for Herriofs Hospital there, may be rated at Four hundred and E ghty-six Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling ----- 486 19 8

Sir James Lockhart. That the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Carjlairs, claimed by Sir James Lockhart, of Carjlairs, may be rated at Sixty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Nine Pence Sterling - v - - - 63199

William Maxwell. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by William Maxwell,

may be rated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdictions of the Regality of Terregles and Kirkgumion, at the Sum of One hundred and Twenty-three Pounds Four Shillings and One Peny Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Lincluden, at Four hundred Pounds Sterling - - 5*3 4 1

John Murray. That the Heretable Office of Sheriffship of the Shire 6f Selkirk, claimed by

John Murray younger, of Philiphaugh, may be rated at Four thousand Pounds Sterling - - - - . - - - - 4,000 — —

John Ogilvie. That the following Jurisdictions, claimed by of Airly, may be

rated at the Sums under-written, viz. The Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction. of the Regality of Aberbrothock, at One thousand Four hundred Pounds Sterling; the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Cou-par, at Eig)it hundred Pounds Sterling; and the Heretable Office of Baillie and Jurisdiction of the Regality of Brichen, at Six hundred Pounds Sterling - 2,800 — —

George Sinclair. That the Heretable Offices of Sheriffship of the Shire of Caithness, and of Judiciary, within the Bounds of the said Shire, subordinate to the High Court of Judiciary, claimed by George Sinclair, of Ulbjler, may be rated at Three thousand One hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Sterling - - - - 3,18a — —

David

a i Geo. II

18* Aprilir.

David Smith. That the Heretable Office of the Lordship and Jurisdiction of the Regality of

Methven, claimed by David Smith* of Methven, may be rated at Three hundred and Fifty Pounds Sterling ....

And we do further rood humbly certify. That the Court has adjudged the Persons after-named to have been lawfully poffirfied, in Terms of the afo retard Act of Parliament, of the several Clerk ships for Life, herein after expressed, claimed by them severally; and have declared their Opinion, touching the Values thereof, in Manner under-written; viz.

' . Scotch

£. S. a. Herctable

junldidioa.

35o ——

Thomas . William Black. Gilbert Clerk.

Join Halkerjloa. Claud Hamilton.

George Johuftotu.

James Marshall.

Peter Ogilvie.

John and James Smiths.

That the Office of Clerk to the Regality of At hale, for Life, claimed by Thomas Biffet.of Gieutlbert, Clerk to the said Regality, may be rated at Four hundred Pounds Sterling ——

That the Office of Clerk to the Regality of Dumfermling. for Life, claimed by William Black* Clerk to the said Regality, may be rated at Five hundred Pounds

Sterling -

That the Office of Clerk to the Regality of Bwrgbtoun, for Life, claimed by Gilbert Clerk, Clerk to the said Regality, may be rated atOne hundred and Twenty Pounds Sterling ——

That the Office of Clerk to the Regality of for Life, claimed by John

Halkerjloa.Clerk to the said Regality, may be rated at Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling ——

That the Office of Clerk to the Bailliary of Carrick. for Life, claimed by Claud Hamilton* Clerk to the said Bailliary, may be rated at Two hundred rounds Sterling ——

That the Office of Clerk to the Stewartry of Fife, for Life, claimed by George Johnstone*Clerk to the said Stewartry, may be rated at One hundred Pounds Sterling ——

That the Office of Clerk of the Bailliary of and of the Regality of

Kilwinning, for Lite, claimed by James Marsha/l. Clerk of the said Bailliary and Regality, may be rated at Four hundred Pounds Sterling ..

That the Office of Clerk to the Regality of Coupar, for Life, claimed by Peter Ogilvie, Clerk to the said Regality, tnay be rated at Fifty Pounds Sterling That the Office of Clerk to the Regality of for Life, claimed by

Join and James Smiths* Clerks to the said Regality, may be rated at Eighty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Sterling ——

400 — —

500 ——

130 — —

66 13 4

aoo — —

100 — —

400 ——

50 ——

83 6 8

And we do also most humbly certify. That in forming our Opinion touching the Values or Prices of those Jurisdictions, whereof there were Clerks, for Life, claiming as aforesaid, in the Manner above let forth, we have considered the Value of the Clerkship, as a Deduction from the Value of the Jurisdiction, and have deduded the same accordingly.

And, finally, we do most humbly certify, That, according to 1 he Rule followed, with respect to other Sheriff-ships, it appeared to the Court, That the Values of the Jurisdiction* herein after-mentioned, would come out at t he Rates following; that is to say, The Sheriffship of Sutherland and Regality of the Earldom thereof, at the Sum of Three thousand Pounds Sterling; and the Sheriffship of Roxburgh, at the Sum of Six thousand Two hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings Sterling: But the Court declared their Opinion, That the Valucsof the said Jurisdictions could only be dated at the several Sums at which they are respectively hereinabove-rated, in respect of a Contract entered into between his Majesty King Charles the Fird, whereby the said Sheriffship of Sutherland and Regality of the Earldom thereof, are declared redeemable upoo Payment of the Sum of One thousand Pounds Sterling, herein above-dated, for them; and, iu respect of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland* whereby the said Sheriffship of Roxburgh was declared redeemable, upon Payment of the Sum of One thousand Six hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Sterling, herein above-dated, for it.

All which is most humbly submitted to your Majesty.

Ch. J. P. D.

Edinburgh*

18th March 1748.

Council-Chamber, Whitehall, the 14th Day of April 1748.

A true Copy of the Report and Certificate of the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland made to his Majesty, in his Privy-Council, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, passed in the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for taking away and abolishing the " Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland*and for making Sat is fad ion to the Pro- prictors thereof, and for redoring such Jurisdictions to " the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part " of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents, in the Law, in land, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete."

Temple St any an.

Clerk of the Council.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to refjlvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protedant Purchasers, Devilees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papilh.

Refolded, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Difanriing solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Hl^;* fider further of the Bill to amend, and render more ef- ^j4 *nscot* fedual, An Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for redraining the Uic of the Highland Dress j and for further

indemnifying

Ptpish E Hates.

Kfarming the rfigh-laods in Scot* bud.

Wolverhampton, Icc. Roads.

63 2 18* — 1<

indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of hte Majesty's Perfoq and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Justiciary in for

not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the ipth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcop&l Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed, to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government;

The House was moved, That' the Clause in an Act, made-in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for encouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants, in Scotland, who do and (hallvrontinue in their Duty and Loyalty to his Majesty King George; and for discouraging all Superiors, Vassals, Landlords, and Tenants there, who have: bden, or shall be, guilty of rebellious Practices against his -said Majesty; and f6r making vend all fraudulent Entails, Tailzies, and Conveyances made there, For barring or excluding the Effect of Forfeitures, that may have been, or shall be, incurred there on any such Account; as also for calling any suspected Person or Persons, whose Estates oc-principaLRefidence are in to appear at Edinburgh, or where »t shall be judged expedient, to find Bail for their good Behaviour; and for better disarming difaffefted Persons in Scotland; which contains the Encouragement given to the Vassals and Tenants, holding Lands and Tenements in Scotland of such Superiors and Proprietors as shall be convicted and attainted of the High Trea-fons therein mentioned, to continue peaceable and dutiful Subjects to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors; and also the Clause in the said Act, which contains the Encouragement given to the Superiors and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in Scotland, holden by such Vassals and Tfcnants as shall be convicted and attainted of any of the said High Treasons, to continue peaceable and dutiful Subjects to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors; and also the Clause in the said Act, which enacts. That no Person shall be capable of being a Witness against any Person or Persons, by whose Attainder, Conviction, or Forfeiture, any Benefit may accrue to such Witness, by virtue of the said Act; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, for the Repeal of the said Clauses in the said Act-

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplm took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called The Mott-house, and through Wood-end Lane, to the Town of Wall all-, and from Sneal's Gram, through Peak-house Lane, to Walsall aforesaid; and from through

the Towns ot Willinhall and Wolverhampton, and from 23

0 Aprilis. A. 1748.

Gibbet Lane, leading from Bilston, to the Town of -

Hampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop-, and from Wolverhampton, through Tettenhall, to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, in the said County of; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Hoad to Litchfield-, was committed; be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;.Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 die

Anno 4i* Georgii II41 Regis, 1748.

Prayers. 1

APETfTlON of federal Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufactures, in the -County of GUmcefirr; and also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned iti Manufactures at Rochdale in and

also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in Manufactures in the Town of Caine, in the County of Wilts ', and also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture at Froom, in the County of Somerset; and also,

A Petition of several Merchants, Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in Manufactures at and about the Town of Leeds (Yorkshire); and also,

A Petition of several Dyers and others, concerned in Manufactures at Heitsbury, Warminster, and Places adjacent, in Wiltshire-, and also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in Manufactures at Bradford, in Wiltshire-, and also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Manufacture at New Sarum, in the County of Wilts; and also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, Dyers, and others, concerned in the Woollen Trade in the City of Norwich-,

Were*severally presented to the House, and read; severally reciting some Allegations, contained in the Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, presented to this House; and severally setting forth. That Indico is confirmed to a considerable Value in England, being absolutely neceflanr in many of our Manufactures, the chief Supply of which hath, for many Years past, been fjom the French: That our being supplied with this valuable Commodity from the Plantations, for which we now pay so large a Sum annually to the French, will not only help to distress our Enemies, but, at the same Time, be a considerable national Advantage, as well as a private one to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the Manufactures of Woollen, Linen, Silk, or Cotton: And therefore praying the House to take the P.emifes into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the several Dyers in and near Manchester, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting some Allegations contained in the said Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, and setting forth. That Indico is confirmed to a considerable Value in England, being absolutely ne-cefliiry in many of our Manufactures, the chief Supply of which, has, for many Years past, been from Ftance; and that some of the Petitioners have lately bought Indico, which they believe to be the Growth and Produce of rolina, and find it equally good for dyeing as the;

and that being supplied with this valuable Commodity from the British Plantations, will, exclusive of the national

Encouraging Growth of Indico.

at Geo. II. *5>° Jprilis.

tjonal Advantage, be of particular Service to the Petitioners, as well' a* to all other Dyers in this Kingdom, since they may then expect a mo.c certain Supply, than while it continues to come clueJly from the: And

therefore praying the House to take the Premises ioto Consideration; and to grant luck Assistance therein as to the House shall fcem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers, and Traders of all Kinds, in the Town of LruerpooJe, was also

Erelented to the House, and read; setting forth. That adico is an Article greatly used in Dyeing, and absolutely necessary to give our Manufactures some of the Colours wh^ch are now principally called for; and that the Petitioners have, lor many Year> poll, with Concern observed, that the Making of it has been quite neglected and loll in the British lfiands and Plantations abroad, where formerly great Quantities were produced; and that the , our rood dangerous Rivals in Trade, have thereby been enabled to engraft this Article almuft totally to themselves, and to supply not only Great but all the Maikets

in Europe with it» and that the Petitioners with pleasure observe, that the Planters in South Carolina have, of late Years, turned themselves to the Making ot it, have Plenty of the Plant from which it is produced, and a proper Soil for it, have been very luccefefol in their Attempts this Way, and, for Three or Four Years pall, have exported to Great Britaina considerable Quantity of it, and, as the Petitioners are informed, of a Quality not inferior to the French Indico; and that the Petitioners apprehend, with some small Encouragement from the British L-.giflature, they might be loon able not only to supply our own, but to enable us to beat the French out of some of the foreign Markets with it: And therefore praying the House to take ihe Premises into C« moderation; and grant such Encouragement to the Recovery of this important Article in the British Plantations as the House shall judge moll meet.

A Petition of several Merchants in London, trading to Carolina, and other Parts o( his Majesty's Plantations in America, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That One of the principal and most valuable Articles imported from America to Europe is Indico, of which great Quantities were formerly made in our Sugar Colonies, but is now almost intirely dropped and neglected in all the British Idands; and that, though this has proved a great Loss to our Trade, yet the Consequence is dill werie, for, as it was neglected in our Sugar Colonies, so at the same time the French took all prudent Measures to encourage the Culture of it at their Idands, as well as at MiJJiJfipi, and other Places, by which they

have now almod totally engrosse.l that Branch of Trade, and have it in their Power to raise the Price of it at their Pleasure: That as the Culture and Manufacture of Indico doos not require so large a Capital to carry it on as Sugar, so it has proved a Nursery to the French lfiands, and has been a principal Means of their increasing fh Riches and Inhabitants so much, within these Thirty Years pad; and that our Danger from them daily increases; the ldand of St. Lucia, till of late neg'cCted by us and them, with other Parts, scarcely inhabited Thirty Years ago, having now many French Indico-Works erected in them; and that this great Mislortune and Loss to our British Commerce is not yet pad a Remedy; for though but lately regarded, and no great Piogrets made in it, yet the Petitioners are certain, the Plant from which Indico is made grows wild, and in the greated Plenty, in Carolina, where there is already a considerable Quantity made, and has been from t. ence imported here, and, by the Experience of many Dyers in London, found to be, in all Re-spe&s, equally good for Dyeing, as any from the French Idands: That by the Cheapness of Land, Provisions, tdc. and some other Advantages the Planters in Carolina have over those in the Sugar Idands, there is no Reason to doubt, when this Manufacture is once well edablidled amongd them, that they will soon be able not only to supply this Market with a sufficient Quantity of Indico, but also, in a few Years, all Parts of Europe, on fitch Vol. *5.

Terms as the French cannot afford to plaBt it; so that our Dyers will be supplied cheaper than any others in Europe iand that, by the great Calamity which has fuh-filled for some Years pad, owing to a Sicknest among the Horned Cattle in South Carolina, that dill continues, as well as the low Price of their Produce, which, of late, has often brought the most careful Planters in Debt, many of the inhabitants, remarkable for their Industry, have been reduced to the greated Distress* and obliged, tq leave the Province; and others have been under the unavoidable Neceditv of employing their Negroes in making Stuffs of Woollen, Linen, Colton, &c. for their own Ule, which they were formerly supplied with from England, having now neither Money nor Credit to purchase them, whereby their usual Culture of Rice and n& al Stores has been neglected, the Freight of such bulky Commodities, since the War commenced, being too great to render any Profit by importing them to; and

that the erecting proper Buildingsfer Indico Works is a considerable Expence, and more than any Carolina Planr ters, in their present Didress, dare venture to engage ir^ without a Prospect of Advantage over the French, in the Sale of the Indico that may be consumed in Great Britain, where it alh only be imported, being an enumerated Commodity ;and that a Bounty allowed on the Importation of British Plantation-made Indico, for a few Years, would be a great Encouragement, and induce the Carolina Planters to erect Buil.!» gs, and employ their Hands on this Commodity; and auofeems to be a proper Method to recover, improve, and secure, this va uable Branch of Commerce to this Nation only, in all Time to come:. And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall feetn meet.

A Petition of the Merchants of Bristol, trading to his Majesty's Colony of South Carolina, in behalf of themselves, and several other Merchants, trading to his Majesty's Colonies in America, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners with great Pleasure observe, and are advised, that, within these Three Years part, great Progress hath been made by the Planters of the said Colony in the Culture and Manufacture of Indico; and that great Quantities of the same have been already imported into this Kingdom, which, upon Trial, have been found little or nothing inferior to French Indico; and that the Petitioners are convinced, it was only the Loss on Rice, the staple Commodity of the said Colony, since the Commencement of the French YY'ar, drove the said Planters at first to the Necessiiy of making Experiments, which have succeeded so much be* yond the most languine Expectations, in the Culture of Indico; but that the Petitioners are very apprehensive, that upon the Conclusion of a Peace, or any other Incident that may occasion Rice to advance in Price, the Planters of Indico may be ternpted to neglect and quit the Culture of it, and employ their Strength in producing Rice, their old and favourite staple Commodity j and (hat as it must be universally allowed that indico is absolutely necessary in dyeing of Blue, lo the Culture of it, in One of his Majesty's Colonies, must be of the utmost Consequence to the Trade and Manufacture of this Kingdom; especially as the Petitioners arc persuaded, that a prodigious large Sum of Money, to the best of the Petitioners Information and Belief not less than 150,000, is yearly paid by his Majesty's Subjects to the French, our natural Enemies, for this valuable and most necessary Commodity in the Manufacturing of our Wool; and that as the Colony of Carolina already consumes full as much, if not more, of the Manufactures of this Kingdom, in Proportion to the Number of its Inhabitants, than any other of his Majesty's Colonies, so the Encouragement of the Culture of Indico there, will not only encourage and enable the present Inhabitants to consume more of our Manufactures, but will also invite and encourage a great Number of fresh Adventurers to settle there, and in the neighbouring Colony of Georgia, and thereby, in a little Time, fumish our Northern Colonies with a for-

7 Y midable

F.ncoartgfog

t »e Growth

of Indico,

i9 Apr

A. 1748.

'Eflcouraging midable Barrier against the French and Spaniards: That hidico^ ^ndic° is One of the most valuable Productions of the French American Colonies, with which, for many Years past, they have supplied not only ,but likewise

all Europe, excepting some small Quantities made by the Spaniards; so that the Encouraging of the Culture of this Commodity in our Plantations, will not only cherish them, and encourage the Consumption of our Manufactures, but will likewise, in Proportion, deprive the French of One of their best Articles of Commerce, and thereby weaken their Plantations in America: That the Making of Indico in our Plantations is universally acknowledged; and that the Culture of this valuable Commodity, now so happily begun, may not again be loft to us, the Petitioners are of Opinion, that a publick Encouragement to the Planters of Indico'in his Majesty's British Plantations is necessary, and will be the only Means of improving and securing to his Majesty's Subjects so valuable an Article of Commerce: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into ConGderation; and do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Merchants, of the Town and County of was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Indico is necessary in dyeing Blue, and a great Article in Commerce; and that, for many Years past, the chief Supply hath been from the French, who have had it in their Power to set almost what Price they pleased upon it; and that the Petitioners are well assured, the Plant, from which it is made, grows in Carolina, from whence they have received a considerable Quantity of Indico this Year, made in that Province, equally as good as any made by the French; and are convinced a small Encouragement from Parliament will induce the Planters there to erect proper Buildings and Works for the carrying on that Manufacture: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of several Dyers, in and near the Town and County of Poole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Indico is absolutely necessary in their Trade, as they cannot dye a good Blue without it; the Importation of which has, for many Years past, been mostiy from France; and that the Petitioners have lately purchased Indico, which they apprehend to be the Growth or Produce of Carolina, and find it equally good for dyeing as the French; and that as the Plant from which Indico is made grows there in great Plenty, so the Petitioners expect to be supplied from thence with sufficient Quantities, if proper Encouragement was given thereto for a few Years; and that the Making of this useful Article in the British Plantations, will be of great Service to us, not only as the Means of reducing the Price, but always furnishing us with a constant Supply: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchants,-trading to his Majesty's Plantations in America; and also several other Petitions; are referred; be received.

-Encouraging Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Com-

Growth mittee, to whom the Petition of James Crokatt Esquire,

Indico. OQ b^alf Qf himself, and several other Merchants, trading to his Majesty's Plantations in; and also the Petition of several Dyers residing in Southwark; and also the Petition of several Dyers residing in and near;

and also the Petition of several Planters, and other Inhabitants, of South Carolina, now in , on behalf of themselves, and other Planters of that Province; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petitions; and iiad directed him to report a State thereof to the House;

and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared by an Account presented to the House, from the Commissioners of the Customs, and referred to your Committee, That there has been imported into this Kingdom, at a Medium for Ten Years last past, 693,404 Pounds of Indico in each Year.

And by an Account presented to your Committee, by the proper Officer of the Customs, it appears. That for Six Years of the said Term, immediately preceding the War with France, there was imported annually from France and French Flanders, 589,571 Pounds Weight of Indico, at an Average, in each Year.

By another Account, presented also by the proper Officer of the Customs to your Committee, of the Quantity of Indico exported from England {ox Ten Years last past, it appeared, That the Quantity exported to Ireland amounted, at an Average in each Year, to 65,822 Pounds Weight; and to foreign Parts for the same Time, at an Average for each Year, to 54,695 Pounds Weight.

So that the Consumption in England and Ireland appears to be, at an Average for the last Ten Years, 638,709 Pounds Weight.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the folr lowing Witnesses:

Mr. Jennings: Who said. That in his Trade of a Linen Dyer they use nothing but French Indico; but that he had used about 300#. Weight of Carolina Indico, by way of Experiment; which, though it did not appear to the Eye equal to French, yet it opened kind, worked free, and gave as good a Colour as the French: That even the Dull proved as good in working as the Lumps; and that he apprehended the Indico's not appearing so well is to be attributed to the Want of Art in the Planters or Curers, to set it off.

And Mr. Chrutchley Cole, Woollen Dyer, said, That he had used Carolina Indico, which answered his Purpose as well as the French:

And he apprehended the Price of the French Indico would have been considerably augmented, had it not been for the Importation of the Carolina.

Mr. Olive, Callico Dyer, said. That he had used Carolina Indico, from 18 d.to 51. the Pound: That what he bought for 18 d.a Pound appeared, at the first Sight, to be unfit for any Use; but, upon Trial, he found, that by increasing the Quantity only, it answered the Purposes of the belt French; for 40 Pounds of the worst Carolina was equal to 30 Pounds of good French: That he had tried the very best Sort of Indico that could be bought for Money, both French and Spanish, and that the Carolina Indico stains as well and as deep as either: That the best Sort of Spanish Indico, called Flora, looks finer; but the Colour of the Carolina is as durable, and will answer all the Uses of the Flora in Callico Printing: That he apprehends, that there is a Possibility of fixing a Standard of Indico.

And all the aforesaid witnesses agreed, That there is an absolute Necessity for the Use of Indico in the Dyeing Trade; and that no good Blue can be dyed without it.

Mr. Daniel Valentine, Broker, said. That until the Year 1715, or 1716, great Quantities of Indico had been imported from Jamaica and Montserrat, which served for our Consumption when we had no French: That upon the first Importation of French it was not near so good as at present: That he has seen and fold Carolina Indico, which will answer all Purposes; and he never wanted a Market for it: That the last Ships which came in, viz. in March last, with about 30,000 Pound Weight, lowered the Price of Indico 3 d.per Pound: That the Spanish Indico is of different Sorts, from 3 6 to 6s. 6 per Pound; and at the same Time French Indico was at 5 per Pound: That before the Importation of French Indico the Jamaica Indico fold from 5 to 7 a Pound: And being shewn a Sample of Carolina Indico, he said, in his Opinion, it came near the best Spanish, called Flora, and r. juici answer the same Purposes.

Mr.

a i Geos II. 19" Aprilis. 635

Mr. MatthrtvHud/on, Broker, confirmed the Accounts of the Quantities imported into Great Britain, and said. That Nine-tenths thereof is French Indico: That the Difference in the Sorts of French Indico is not more than in the Pound Value; but that he knows that the different Sorts of Carolina Indico is fold from 18 to 5J. and and Spanish from is. 6 dto 6s. per Pound: That the Price of French Indico, for Three or Four Years before the Commencement of the French War, was from 3 4J. to js. 6 d.at an Average: That he has seen as good

Carolina Indico as any he ever saw from France, and very near as good as the best Spanish, called Flora, which excels the French Indico.

That there are Three Species of Indico, called Copper, Purple, and Blue, which are applied to distinct Purposes; the Two last Sorts, giving the fined Gloss, are, for that Reason, made use of by the Cotton and Linen Dyers, and thehrft Sort by the Dyers of Woollen Cloth: That there is a visible Distinction between French and Carolina Indico: and that 'tis an cafy Matter to ascertain the Standard of Indico, since any Custom-house Officer, though he had never before been acquainted with that Commodity, would be made a competent Judge of it in aWeck'sTime as well as in Seven Years.

And Mr. Benjamin Vaughan, Broker, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Hud/on, in regard to the Easiness of fixing the Standard of Indico.

Mr. Michael Bland, Broker, said. That the Way to judge of the Standard or Value of Indico was by the Sight and the Touch: That there are Three different Species, the Copper, the Purple, and the Blue, which are all used fordiftinci Purposes; and that any Person, though he has never been acquainted with Indico, may learn to be a competent judge of it in Three Days Time.

Besides the Quantity of 30;oooo Pounds Weight, mentioned by Mr Valentine,

Mr. Arthur Gold, Matter of the Charming Nanney, from Charles-Town, South Carolina, being examined, informed your Committee, That he arrived in the River on Monday the 11 th of this Month; and that he has upwards of 30,000 Pounds Weight of made Indico on

board.

And Mr. Peter Bojlock, Matter of the Mary, from Carolina, said. He was taken by a French Privateer, and carried into Bayonne-, and that he had 27,000 Pounds Weight of Carolina-made Indico on board, which was fold

at Bayonne, while he was there, for Five Livres a Pound, and which was equal to what the French Indico fold for at that Port.

Mr. Watson, Clerk to Mr, Crockatt, produced to your Committee, an Account, which he said he knew to be the Hand-writing of Mr. Raper, Clerk to the Custom-house in Charles-Town, South Carolina, who transmitted the Accounts of the Expons of the Produce of that Province annually to Mr. Crockatt, by which Account it appeared, That 46,674 Pounds Weight of Indich, of the Crop of 1746, had been exported from Carolina: And the Witness said. He believed a much greater Quantity had been exported since, both from South and North Carolina.

Mr. Tuite, Merchant, being examined, said, That formerly ar Montserrat they made 30 or 40,000/^. Weight a Year, and now not a Fourth or Fifth Part of that Quantity: That the Reason that made them leave it off was, because it was inferior to the French: That Montserrat Indico is much inferior to the Carolina Indico, being worth little more than Half the Price.

Mr. Morrant, Mr. Pringle, Mr. Sacheverell, Planters in Carolina, informed your Committee, That they have all of them made Indico in that Province: That the Herb from whence Indico is made, grows in great Plenty in Carolina: That they could raise any Quantity of Seed in a Year or Two; but as People did not care to venture on an Uncertainty, none but the Rich attempted it: That if it was fixed to a Staple, and Encouragement given, the poor People wouldfcome into it; and that they think that Carolina will, in that Cafe, be able, in a few Years, to Vol. 15.

supply all the Indico Great Britain will want: They said. That the People of Carolina expected a Bounty for their Encouragement; and that the Healthiness of the Climate, and Cheapness of Provisions, and other Things, will, in Time, give them a great Advantage in this Manufacture.

In order to shew the Expence of erefling an Indico-Work to employ ao Negroes, they produced to your Committee, a Computation, amounting tojf. 96 x6r. o which they all agreed was a larger Sum than the Generality of Planters could be supposed to engage in, without some Certainty of having a Preference to Foreigners at this Market.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Gon-sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upoo Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee: of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That the several Petitions this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Report was received, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of the Dyers of the City of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Indico is absolutely necessary in their Trade; and that they cannot dye a good Blue without it: That the Importation of this useful Commodity has, for many Years, been mostly from France; and that some of the Petitioners have lately bought Indico, which they imagine to be the Produce and Growth of Carolina, and, on Trial, find it to be equally as good for dyeing as the French; and that as the Plant from which Indico is made grows there in great Plenty, so we may reasonably expect that we shall be supplied from thence with any Quantity, if proper Encouragement be given thereto but for a few Years; and that the Making of this beneficial Article in the British Plantations, will be of great Service to us, and be a Means not only of reducing the Price, but also of furnishing us with a more certain and constant Supply: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Crockatt

Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchants trading to his Majesty's Plantations in America, was referred.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Message of Yesterday:

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker:

And the Copy of the Report and Certificateof the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, made to his Majesty in his Privy-Council, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, passed in the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign, for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, £s; was read:

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as allowed by the Court of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists»

Resolved,

Encouraging the Growth of indico.

Ditto.

Scotch

Heretable

Jurisdiction.

Papist E (la tea.

Disarming the Highlands in Scotland*

Wolverhampton,

Roads.

6$6 iq° — 20° -^.1748.

Resolved, That this House will# Tomorrow Morning, resolve ittelf into a Commitrceof the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectua) disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Maders and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, aind Chaplains, Tutors* and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to regider the same j and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Miniders in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the - Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, in the: Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called The Mott-house, and through Wood-end Lane, to the Town of Walsall; and from SneaFs Green, through Peak-house Lane, to Walsall

aforesaid; and from Walsall, through the Towns of Willinhall and Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet Lane, leading from Bilflon, to the Town of Wolverhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to , in

the County of Salop; and from , through

Tettenliall, to the Wergs, and from thence to in

the said County of Salop; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Nezvport; and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield; was committed:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments having been made by the House to the Bill;

Another Amendment was proposed to be made there to, by inserting, after the Word " Sums," in Folio Line *, the Words " not exceeding Five hundred " Pounds."

And the Question being put, That these Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House was moved. That Part of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, whole

24

Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

{Mr. Leveson\

Gower, > 37.

Mr. Charles J

TencrsforthcNoeq^} *;

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock* -

M&rcurii, 20* die Aprilis

Anno zt® Georgii tH1'Regis, 1748.

Praters. '

/ORDERED, That Mr. Ca ir Francis Poole, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Wilkmfon, Sir Hum. Howorth, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Winnington, lie added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for building a-Church in the Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets in the said Town: and for keeping and maintaining a nightly Watch there; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of divers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Kingston upon Hull, and the County of York, late the Estate of Esquire,

deceased, in Roper Dawson, his eldest Son and Heir, upon

his undertaking to dticharge the several Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to make a Provision for his Brothers and Sifters, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thornton, Mr. Fellowes. Mr. Wilkitfon, Mr. Gore, Sit John Mr. Walpole, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Plumer, Mr. West, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Tracy, Lord Parker, Mr. Winnington, Sir James Lowthet, Mr. Paulett, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Thomas Wynn, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Nor/hey,.Mr. Southwell, Mr.

General Onslow, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Martin; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, Co whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Pater Neau, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill to ^explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads; and so much of an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and ^unending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilkiitfbn, Mr. Townsend, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mellijk,

Mr. Fazakerley, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Brereton, Mb Colleton, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Crnyns, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Wal-

pole,

Liverpoole Church and Streets, &c.

Dawson's

Estate.

Neau's Natf

Preservation of publick Roads.

i f Geo. It.

6* — 216 jlpriiiL 637

pole. Sir William CalvertSir Thomas Sir

Act ley. General OnflowMr. Tracy, Lord Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Gore, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Vyner, Mr. , Mr. Curxon, Mr. West,

Sir Thomas Egerton, Sir John Pennington, Mr.

Mr. Martin, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Vaughan^ Mr. Mr. Carmichael, Mr.

Arundell, Mr. Hawkins, Sir Conyers D'Arey, Sir Nathanael Cnrzon, Mr. Wilbrah Mr. Hill, Mr. White-

head, Mr. Carter, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Scrape, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fell owes; and they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Scotch Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Juriuiaioii. gQnjjgj. Qf the Motion, made Yesterday, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of Herctable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great Britain called as allowed by the Court of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Message be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report and Certificate of the Lends of Council and Session in Scotland, made to his Majesty in his Privy Council, pursuant to the Act of Parliament, passed in the noth Year of his Majesty's - Reign, for taking away and abolishing the Heretabie Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, (Ac. be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution j which they had -directed him to report, when the House will please.to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

TnMvent An ingrafted Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, Debtors, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to oblige all Persons therein described, taking the Benefit of this Act, to serve as private Men in the Army or Navy:

And the same was brought up, and twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up:

And several Amendments having been made to the said Clause;

Another Amendment was proposed to be made thereto, by inserting, after " Service," and before " shall," in Prels 3. L. 1. the Words " or One of the People called " Quakers

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made to the said Clause:

And a Motion being made, That the said Clause be read the Third time;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Homfreyi* Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Offley, Mr. John Gore, Mr. Taylor, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Carmichael, Captain Gore, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Tawnjhend, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Mellish, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of Barking and

Vol. 15.

genham, in the County of Essex, Patt of the Eft'ate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys Baronet, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed;

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the High Road from Pier* Bridge Piers Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Dur- Road; ham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road near Sunderland Bridge, in the same County, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Pr. 2. L. 13. After " Crowe" to insert " Benjamin " Crowe Clerk." ,

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be. An Act for repairing the High Road front Piers Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Tudhoe Lane End, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read

Refohed , That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Cambrick* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole atw* French House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and en-7 Ltwn*' forcing an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Refohed\That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, PspifU resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock,

yoviSj 216 die /Iprilis \

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

H E Lord Deerhurst reported from the Committee, Earl Brooke's JL to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, inritu- Ettate. led, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the late Sir George Strode's Estates, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, in the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Strode's Will, and the Partition of the said Estates made by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the , House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the several Merchants, Dealers, Clothiers, Encouraging Dyers, and others, concerned in Woollen Manufactures, the Growth in the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of of Indlco-Fork; and also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in Manufactures in and about Wakefield, in the County of York j and allb,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in divers Manufactures at Chippenham,

Semington, Biddeftone, Mclkfham, and Places adjacent, in the County of Wilts; and also,

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others.concerned in Manufactures at Whitney, in OxfordOnre-, and also,

7 2 A Petition

638 11° Aprilis. A. 1748.

Encouraging the Growtk of Iodico.

Fox's, &c. Jflate. w

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, concerned in Manufactures, in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham;

Were severally presented to the House, and read severally reciring some Allegations contained in the Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, presented to this House; and severally setting forth. That Indico is consumed to a considerable Value in England., being absolutely necessary in many of our Manufactures, the chief of which hath for many Years been from the French i And alleging. That our being supplied with this valuable Commodity from the Plantations, for which we now pay so large a Sum annually to the French, will not only help to distress our Enemies, but at the same time be a national Advantage, as well as a private one to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the Manufactures of Woollen, Linen, Silk, or Cotton: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, t6 whom the Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchants trading to his Majesty's Plantations in,

was referred*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between James Fox and John Bridges El'quires, for exchanging certain Lands in the Parish of Cobhani, in the County of , and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Par* poses thereby intended: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bank* veiling the settled Estate late of Jafeph Banks the elder, Efctc. Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of St. , within the Liberty of Westminster, in Trustees, in order to make Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for jjailh't confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Efcu. Creditors of Hugh Naish Esquire, and the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for veiling the real and personal Estates of the said Hugh Naish in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence oi this House.

And then the Messengcre withdrew.

Ordered, That the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mereen Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London, do lay before this House, an Account specifying all their Bond Debw* and Ample Contract Debts that were due and owing on the 29th of September 1745. /

The House being informed. That Mr. Needier, Ac-compant-General of the Excise, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Dutiesoa House, pursuant to their Order, an Account or the Grols Cuaehes. and Net Produce of the Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages, to Lady-day last.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz. 1

Am ACCOUNT of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages, to Lady-day

last;

Year ended a5th March 1748

Excise-Office, 21st April 1748.

Hen. Forrester, General Accomptaot.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hamfreyt' Mr. Hale reported from the Committee, to whom the Estate. ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, Part of the Estate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys Baronet, deceased, for the ( Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That the

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at

die Clerk's Table.

.Scotch Mr. fVeJt, according to Order, reported, from the Here table Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred turiidiction. to consider of the Motion, made upon \ last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation to the several Proprietors of Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great Britain called as allowed by the

Court of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, to enable his 9

Gross Prodace. I Net Produce.

6a,83 8 4 4 1 60,472 II — f

Cha. Po/hill, J. Fowle,

H. Townjkend, fVm. Burton,

Aug. Earle, D. PapiUon.

Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as allowed by the Court of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agre. d to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, to enable his Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as allowed by the Court of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Birmingham, granted by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign &c- Kotds. of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Brontfgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester; and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the-Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; (o far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of grove, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for

repairing

a i Geo. II.

21

Apritis.

639

Birmingham 10 High BuUcq

repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Brtmfgrove to the Town of Dudley, in the County oiWore^ter 5 and from the said Town of Bromsgrov to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick; (o far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of Bromsgrovt, in the County of Worcester, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordant do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Power* granted by an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from ,through the

Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Bnlieu,

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to thrf House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

A Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, was Mercers pretented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Company;

and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of by the apparent Credit of the Mercers Company, artfully Gihhet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson-, supported during a long Series of Years, the Petitioner was

and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford and to the further End of Britttl Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worthier; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High Sullen, and

to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gihhet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to , and to the

further End of Britiel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Stafford, and Worcester.

induced to intrust them, on the single Security of their Common Seal, with several Sums of Money, amounting, in the Whole, to Three thousand Five hundred Pounds$ and that at a Time when the Perl'ons, who had the prin^ cipal Direction of their Affairs, could not but be well apprised of the Company's Inability to satisfy their Creditors, the greatest Part of the Lid Sum being advanced of the Petitioner a very short time before their Insolvency was publickly declared; and that aconsiderable Number of poor Widows, and others, being involved in this Calamity, the Petitioner did, in the last Session of Parliament, procure a Petition to be preferred to the House, on be* half of himself, and the rest of the said unhappy Sufferers; in consequence whereof, a Committee, to whom the same was referred, went through a very long and particular In-

Naish's

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordanat do carry the Bill to quiry into the State of the said Company's Circumstances, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. and the Causes of their Distress; but that, the said In-

quiry having necessarily taken up great Part of the Sef-An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act (ion, it became impossible for the House to provide at for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the that time any Relief for the said Creditors; although, by Creditors of Hugh Haish Esquire, and the Trustees named a Bill ordered in this present Session, they appear to have in an Act of Parliament, of the 11 th Year of his present been thought properObjefts of the publick Compassion; Majesty, for veftin^ the real and personal Estates of the and that the Petitioner not only was at the foie Expence said Hugh Naish in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Credi- of the said Application and Inquiry, but employed great ton; and for other Purposes therein metioned; was read ‘Part of his Time, and was at great Trouble and Pains,

the First time.

Rejo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Banlc,*t An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act LiUtc. for veiling the settled Estate late of Jofrph Banks the elder, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, in Trustees, in order to make Sale thereof; and for laving out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchasc of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Refohied, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Difartning The Lord Duprplitt, according to Order, reported, the Highlands from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the " Sc®*and. gin to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further indemnifying such Persons as have acted in Defence of his Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Judiciary in Scotland, for not performing the Northern Circuit in May 1746; and for obliging the Masters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in another Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, relating to the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland-, and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Vol. aj.

in soliciting the fame; and actually refused several very advantageous Offers, made to him for his private Benefit, to induce him to give up the Interest of his Fellow-sufferers: And that, as, by means of the Petitioner's Steadinels and Perseverance in prosecuting the said Inquiry to the End, and of the clear and circumstantial Account thereby obtained of the Company's Conduct and Situation, the late Application of the said Company, on behalf of their Creditors, has been greatly facilitated, the Petitioner presumes to claim some Merit in the Success with which that Application has been attended; and to consider himself, though with the utmost Deference and Submission, as intit led to some Distinction in the general Relief intended for the said Creditors: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioner into Consideration; and to grant him such particular Relief therein as the Services by him intended, and, he hopes, in some Degree performed, for the said common Cause, shall appear to deterve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petiton.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Infolrent adjourned Debate, upon the Motion, made Yesterday, ^ebtor‘* That the ingrossed Clause, which was then offered to be added, by way of Rider, to the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read the Third time;

Ordered, That the Cud Debate be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Clmdestine resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Outlawries.

the

640

b\* — 'ii°Aprilis. A. 1748,

the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the said Bill.

Bacoukaging The Order of the Day being read* for the House to *2"* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to co‘ consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the

Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchants trading to his Majesty's Plantations in Americawas referred.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Indico imported for Ten Years pad, distinguishing each Year, and how much from America., and Prize, be

referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Corn* mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To-rporrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report, and of the several Petitions referred to the Confederation of the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Paptfts Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning

EOatcK next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devi-fees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vimerit, 2 2° Aprilis 5

Anno a 1* Georgii lldi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

Humfrey* AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sltate. for the Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of

Barking and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, Part of the Estate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys Baronet, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Hale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Netu'i Nat. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Neau, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Seotch Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House IwiW&ioti *° rc*"°*ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to 1 consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, to enable

his Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation and Satistaction to the several Proprietors of Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as allowed by the Court of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, be now read:

And the said Order was read accordingly:

And a Motion being made, That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was tntived, That Part of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for restoring such Jurisdictions to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom, by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents, in the Law, in Scotland, to take the Oaths; and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete; relating to the Vesting of the said Jurisdictions in the King's Courts, and to the Annexing of certain Offices to the Crown, and to the Compensation to be made to the Proprietors of the said J urisdictions and Offices, and to the Entering of the Claims thereto in the Court of Session in Scotland, and to the Examination of the Titles and Values thereof by the said Court; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the House resolved itself into the said ConV. mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they bad come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the some.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, made upon last.

That the ingrossed Clause, which was then offeredi to bfe added, by way of Rider, to the Bill for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, be read the Third time.

And the said Clause was read the Third time; and amended:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill, by way of Rider;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Infolrcal

Debtors.

Teller, for he Ycas,^;

Teller, for the Noes,

J

40.

j 36*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, impowering the Assignees, to whom the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner shall be assigned, to compound with any Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner; and also to submit arty Difference, relating to such Prisoner's Estate or Effects, to the Determination of Arbitrators:

And the said Clause was twice read; and, by the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curzon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mercen resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Comply, consider of the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick;

' Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Doctor Shazv do then attend the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Merem resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Comj» y'» the Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Creditors of nnaiu,"-the Mercers Company.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered,

1

21 Geo. II. 21° — Aprilis. 641

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Company of the Mystery of Mercen, of the City of do then attend

the said Committee with fudt Deeds and Books, belonging to the said Company, as relate to the Uses to which the Eft ate given to the said Company by Dean Collet is appropriated.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Encouraging The House resolvrd itself into a Committee of the 'nSi0"1* whole House, to consider further of the Report from 0 co> the Committee, to whom the Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchants trading to his Majesty's Plantations in America, was referred, and of the several Petitions referred to the Confident ion of the (atd Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took die Chur of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had come to leveTal Refbhitioas; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Moaday Morning next.

Morem The House being informed, That the Clerk of the Company of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of London, attended at the Door;

He was cailed in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of all the Mercen Company's Bond Creditors, with Interest at £ 4 per Cent, due at Michaelmas 1745: Andalfo,

An Account of all the simple Contrail Debts of the Company of Mercers, of London, that were due and owing the 29th of September 1745.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered,"That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accountsare bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Foe's, he. An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for confirming an Agreement between James Fox and John Bridges Esquires, for exchanging certain Lands in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lurugj 2 50 die Aprilis;

Anno 21* Georgii II" Regis, 1748.

PKAYIRI.

Lloyd's Th A'R. Witmmgton reported from the Committee, to Efete. 1VX whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain F.states of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, and Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affeHing the fame; and for settling other Estatesto the Lies in their Marriage-Settlement; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Vol. 25.

Mr. Breretonreported from the Committee, to whom Liverpoole

the Bill for building a Church in the Town of Church and

in the County Palatine of Laucaster; and for enlighten- Streeti, &e. ing and deanfing the Streets of the said Town; and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrofted.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Supply Bill; Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1748; and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Mr. Northey reported from the Committee, to whom Fleetwood'*

the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for EfUtr.

Sale of the Estates late of Henry Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, for raising Money to discharge the Incumbrances affeHing the fame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of a formes Settlement; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An iogrofted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bantu's

for veiling the settled Estate late of Banks the Eftaie.

elder, Esquire, deceased, :n the Parish oiSt. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, in Trustees, in order to make

Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to tfre same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. which-cot, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Hynde Cotton,

Mr. Horfmonden Turner, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. hend, Mr. Proby, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Trrke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Hooper, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir John Rams-

den, Mr. Frederick, Sir Walter Bagot, Mr.

Charles Towufield, Mr. Barne, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Abraham Hume, Sir John Cufi, Sir John Pennington, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Hume, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thomas NewnhamMr. Nathanael Nrwnham, Mr. Amyaud, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Hodgkinson, Mr. Rigby, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. , Sir Richard Wrottejlcy, Mr. Nassau, Mr. Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Popham, Mr. Harvey, Sir Humphry Ho-wwth, Mr. Willes, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Crewe, Lord Perceval; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Lincoln, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

8 A A Bill

V

642.

25° Apr

A, 1748.

Imprisonment of

upon the Question House.

put thereupon, agreed to by the

Ordered, That the Copy of the Report and Certificate Scotch of the Lords of Council and Session in Scotland, made to Heretable his Majesty in his Privy-Council, pursuant to the Ait of Jwifdiction. Parliament, passed in the 20th Year of his Majesty's I Reign, for taking away and abolishing the Heretable Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof,

&c. be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend, and render more ef- Disarming feftual, an Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's the H|gh-Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland; and for more effectually securing the Peace of the said Highlands; and for restraining the Use of the Highland Dress; and for further

A Bill to continue several Laws for the Relief of Deb- Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to enable his tors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; Majesty to make reasonable and just Compensation and Debtor^ See. re]ating to Frauds in the Customs; and Copper Ore of Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of Heretable Juris-the British Plantations; and to the Distemper amongst dictions and Offices in Scotland, as allowed by the Court the Horned Cattle; was read a Second time. of Session there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John of Parliament.

Cujl, Lord Gage, Sir James Lowther, Doctor Lee, Mr. The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was. Smith, Mr. Edgcumbe, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Kynafon, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Willes, Mr. Northey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Moreton, Lord

Baltimore, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Gore, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Vyner,

Mr. Proby, Lord Perceval, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Harvey,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Thomas Hewn ham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Compton, Sir John Hynde

Cotton, Mr. John Pitt, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Dowdef-

ruell, Mr. Archer, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sy-

monds, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Arundell, Mr.

Banks Hodgkinson, Mi*. Lloyd, Lord Londonderry, Sir John Turner, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Mr. Frederick, Sir

John Afiley, Mr. Drake, Mr. Horjmonden Turner; and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to explain and amend, in indemnifying such Persons as have ailed in Defence of his

the said Bill, the Laws relating to the Relief of Debtors, Majesty's Person and Government, during the unnatural

with respeil to the Imprisonment of their Persons. Rebellion; and for indemnifying the Judges, and other Officers, of the Court of Justiciary in Scotland, for not A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. performing the Northern Circuit in May One thousand Montagu: Seven hundred and Forty-Si*; and for obliging the

Mr. Speaker, Matters and Teachers of private Schools in Scotland, and

Relief in re- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Chaplains, Tutors, and Governors of Children or Youth, ne^t°7'it,e' *° rcn(^er more effectual an Act, made in the Twentieth to take the Oaths to his Majesty, his Heirs »r Successors, ftroyei! by Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Re- and to register the fame; and for explaining a Clause, in lief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects, in that Part another Act, made in the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, of Great Britain called Scotland, whole Title-Deeds and relating to"the Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers Writings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebels, in - -

the late Rebellion, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands in the Pa-riflies of Maney, Upwell, Welney, Downham, Witcham, and in a certain extraparochial Place in Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Townlliip of Faceby, in Cleveland, in the North-Riding of the County of York-, and for providing certain Recompences to the Impropriators and Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Tythes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of George Chajin Esquire, in the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, for paying off and discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for

Scotch

Rebeli.

Maney

Drainage.

Faceby

Inclosure.

Ch, fin's £liate.

in Scotland; and to oblige the Directors of the Banks of Scotland, and Persons allowed to carry Arms, to take the Oaths to the Government; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 11. L. 24. After " such," to insert " or so " much:"

L. *5. To leave out "against Mutiny and " Desertion," and to insert " made or to be made :'*

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 1*. L. 13. by leaving out, after "perform," the Word " any:"

And the Question being put. That the Word " any" (land Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to amend and enforce so much of an Act, made

settling Lands in the County of Somerset, in lieu thereof, in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Con- to the more effectual dilarming the Highlands in currence of this House. and restraining the Use of the Highland Dress, and to

And then the Messengers withdrew. Matters and Teachers of private Schools, and Chaplains;

and to explain a Clause in another Act, made in the same Scotch Mr. West, according to Order, reported, from the Year, relating to Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers Heretable Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- in Scotland; and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Jwifidiflioo. ferrecj consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain to enable his Majesty to make reasonable and just Com- Persons belonging to, or practising in, the Courts of Sef-pensation and Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of (ion and Justiciary, to take the Oaths; and to repeal Heretable Jurisdictions and Offices in that Part of Great some Clauses in an Act, made in the First Year of the Britain called Scotland, as allowed by the Court of Session Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby there, in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Par- certain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Te-liament, the Resolution which the Committee had di- nants in Scotland, who should continue in their Duty and rested him to report to the House; which he read in his Loyalty to his said late Majesty.

Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Fifty-two A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr, thousand and Thirty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and Montagu:

Mr.

Rugby

SchoolErtatr-

Xynafton*t

Kfcuc.

Mercen

Company.

Mmn

Compenjr's

Aamutmu,

Ire.

Encouraging

the Growth of Iodic*.

21 Geo. II. 25* Aprilis. 645

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sherriff far the founding and maintaining a School and Alms-houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said School, or purchasing One or more Messuage or Messuages, together with some Ground adjoining thereto; and for the better Support of the said Charity: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Corbet Kynaston Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Debts aflecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists *,

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sydenham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Creditors of the Mercers Company;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole HoulV, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the said Company do then attend the said Committee with the several Deeds and Books belonging to the said Company, with which he was ordered to attend the said Committee this Day.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconGder of the Report trom the Committee, to whom the Petition of fames Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchants trading to h'S Majesty's Plantations in America, was referred, and of the several Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Encouraging of the Growth of Indico in his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, will be a great Advantage to the Trade of Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty on all good and merchantable Indico, of the Growth of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, will be a proper Encouragement for promoting the Growth and Making thereof in the said Colonies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of Six Pence in the Pound be allowed upon all good and merchantable Indico made to a certain Standard in the British Plantations in America, and imported under proper Regulations directly into Great Britain from the Place of its Growth, and where made; and that such Bounty be paid out of the Customs.

The Two First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

VOL. 2$.

The following Amendments were proposed to be made thereto; viz.

To leave out, after " Six Pence," the Words " in the," and insert, instead thereof! the Words " upon every;" and, after the Word " Pound," to insert the Word Weight:"

And the Question being put, That the Words " in " the," proposed to be left out, stand Part of the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put, That the Words, " upon " every" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And thcQuestion being put, That the Word "Weight" be inserted after the Word " Pound;"

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said llesolution, thus amended, That a Bounty of Six Pence upon every Pound Weight be allowed upon all good and merchantable Indico made to a certain Standard in the British Plantations in America, and imported under proper Regulations directly into Great Britain from the Place of its Growth, and where made; and that such Bounty be paid out of the Customs.

N. B. The Reason why these Amendments were made by the House to the said Resolution, is inserted in the Clerk's Minute-Book of this Day.

A Petition of several Clothiers, Dyers, and others, con- Encdunging cerned in the Woollen Manufacture at Trowbridge, its the County of Wilts, was presented to the House. and read; °

reciting some Allegations contained in a Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, presented to this House; and setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the said Allegations to be true in general; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Subject of the said Petition, now under the Consideration of the House, is a Matter of great Importance to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And therefore representing to the House, That Indico is indispensably necessary in many of our Manufactures; and that vast Quantities, to a very great Value, are annually consumed in this Kingdom; and that the chief Supply thereof, for many Years past, hath been from France; and that our being supplied with this valuable Commodity from the British Plantations, for which we now pay a same Sum annually to the French, will not only help to distress our Enemies, but at the same time be a considerable national Advantage, as well as a private one to the Petitioners, and all others concerned in the Manufactures of Wool, Flax, Silk, and Cotton, as they will thereby be capable of rendering their Goods cheaper at a foreign Market, and consequently of extending their private Trades; and that the Petitioners conceive the principal Reason why the Production and Manufacture of this valuable Commodity are reduced to almost nothing, is, the fraudulent and deceitful Methods made use of by the Planters in the Making and Packing of it, regarding only their own Emolument and immediate Private Advantage, which have brought Indico (the Produce of our Settlements) into such Disgrace, that no one cares to purchase or use it: And that the French, &c. take great Care, by Inspection, and Seals, before Exportation, to prevent Frauds; by which means they have brought the Commodity to the greatest Perfection, and into the highest Reputation; and that a national Assistance will avail little towards the Recovery and Extension of this valuable Branch of Commerce, without more Honour and Integrity arc exercised by the Planters; or such good and whol-some Laws constituted, and put in Execution, as may effectually prevent such gross Frauds, Abuses, and Adulterations for the future; and finally, that the Petitioners conceive it would be highly injurious to the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom in genera], to lay any Duty or Import on any foreign Indico, in order to encourage and promote the Consumption of our own Growth,

1

Papista E/tales.

Mercer*

Company's

Annuitants*

Ice.

Rugby St hnol Estate.

Kynaston's

Estate.

Fox's, kc. Estate.

44 a 5° — 2$° Aprilis. A. 1748.

and would bring more D&dvanttge to the Nation than a Monopoly of all the Indico Trade would Service: And therefore praying the House, That the Importation of foreign Indico may still continue free; and that the rest of the Premises may be taken into Consideration, and such Assistance granted therein as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Three Resolutions last mentioned: And that Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hume, Sir BourcJiier Wrey, Mr. Colleton, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Re/o/ved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devrfees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Company of the Myl-tery of Mercers, of the City of London, do bring with him, upon Wednesday Morning next, to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Creditors of the Mercers Company, is committed, the Two last Leidger Books for St. Paul's School, and the Two Books of Accounts for the said School, for the Two Years preceding the Year when the -First of the said Leidger Books begins,

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mordaunt have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence She the foundling and

maintaining a School and Alms-houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said School, or purchasing One or more Messuage or Messuages, together with some Ground adjoining thereto j and for the better Support of the said Charity; was read the First time.

Rtfohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Corbet Kynaston Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Debts aftedting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned i was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis % 26° Apr ills;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748. , Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between James Fox and John Bridges Esquires, for exchanging certain Lands in the Parish of Cobhant, in the County of Surrey, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sydenham, Sir William Calvert, Mr. , Mr.

Vyner, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Medl Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr, Bodville, Mr. Turner, Mr. Powney, Mr. John Vaughan,

Mr. Brereton, Sir Ludovick Grant, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Warburton, Sir Wm. Corbett, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Ri-

ao

chard Corbett, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Savile, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Stapylton, Mr. Hay, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Sir Humphry Howorth, Lord Strange, Mr. Laroche, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Henry Pierce, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Richard Mr. PJttmer,

Mr. Hampden; and all the Members who serve for die Counties of Surrey, Kent, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Audi for Sale of the settled Estate of George Chafin Esquire, in the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, for paying off and discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling Lands in the County of Somerset, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, and Corapositions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City, was committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads; and so much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;- and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and amending the Roads from the End of a Lane adjoining to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, in the Parish of Aldrich, in the County of Stafford, through the same Lane, near to a Farm called The Mott-house, and through Wood-end Lane, to the Town of Walsall-, and from SneaHs Green, through Peake-house Lane, to Walsall aforesaid; and from Walsall, through the Towns of Willinhall and Wolverhampton, and from Gibbet Lane, leading from Bilfion, to the Town of Wolverhampton, and from the said Town to Compton, and from thence to the End of the County of Stafford, leading to Bridgenorth, in the County of Salop; and from Wolverhampton, through Tettenhall, to the and

from thence to Shiffnall, in the said County of Salop; and from the Wergs to the End of Hale's Heath, leading to Newport; and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be mads to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2ft. L. 1. To leave out " Five," and insert u Nine" instead thereof.

And

Chafio's

EfUte.

Examining Drugs, &c.

Preservation of publick Road?.

Wolverhampton, &c. Roads.

«45

% i Geo. II. 26* — 27°

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. A Motion being made, That the Bill do pass j The House was moved. That so much of the Journal of the House, of the Second Day of March 1736, as contains an Entry of the presenting to the House, and the Reading, of the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of IFolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, and Places adjacent, and of the said Petition, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

And the original Petition was also read:

The House was also moved. That Part of the Petition offeveral Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradestncn, and other Inhabitants, of Wolverhampton, in the County of and Placts adjacent, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House upon the 10th Day of February last, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass 1 The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for, he .«£<*. J ,4.

Tellers for the Noes, ^Affleci j 35-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Sutton Coldfield Common to the Town of and

from SneaPs Green to Wa, and from to Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall-, and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the End of the County of Stafford; and from Wolverhampton to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffna/l, and from the Wergs to Hale's Heath; and from Wolverhampton to Cannock Wood, in the Road to Litchfield.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Wrottefiey do cany the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Cambrickj The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re^vc into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Ordered, That the Account of what Quantity of Cambricks and French Lawns have been re-exported for Seven Years last pad, ending at Ghriflmas 1747, distinguishing each Year, and how much thereof was exported from London, and how much from the Out-ports, with the Places where to exported, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Bonds given for the Exportation of Cambricks imported into the Port of London, from the First August 1746, to Christmas 1747, and how much of the said Bonds have been since discharged, be referred to the said Committee. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read 1 bndertine Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, lathes, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

Mercurii, 270 die Aprilis \

Anno at* Georgii II4' Regis, ^748.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lloyd's for veiling certain Estates of Thomas Lloyd Esquire, Estate. and Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharg-

ing Incumbrances atfefting the lame; and for settling other Estates to the Uses in their Marriage-Settlement) was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carty the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply Billt resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon Sinking the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Sum of *un<k Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1748; and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747, for the Purposes therein mentioned;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

The House was moved, That the Sixth Resolution, which, upon Tuesday the First Day of March last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the said Resolution was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Eight hundred Fifty-one Pounds Five Shillings,

" be granted to his Majesty, out of the Monies or " Savings anting from the Money granted by Parliament " for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers " who have been killed or died in the Service, for de- fraying the Charge of Allowances to several Officers " and private Gentlemen of Two Troops of Horse " Guards, and Regiments of Horle, lately reduced, together with the incident Charges arising therefrom, for " the Service of the Year 1748."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clausel pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Mercer* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Company'* the Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Creditors of Annwtwt*. the Mercers Company;

Ordered, That the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all the Mercers Company's Bond Creditors, with Interest at 4/. per Cent, due at Michaelmas 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

8 B Ordered,

646 $7* — a 8° Aprilii. A. 1748.

Ordered, That the Account of all the Ample Contract Debts of the Company of Mercers, of ,that were due and owing the 29th of September 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refolded itself i'ntd the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Company of the Mystery of Mercers, of the City of , do then attend

the said Committee, with the several Deeds and Books with which he was ordered to attend the said Committee this Day.

The other Orders of the Day being read j Examining Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Drugs,&c. whom the Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining all Drugs, Medicines, W aters. Oils, and Compositions, ufec or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Preservation Ordered, That the Report From the Committee, to

whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in oa *' the 14th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads; and so much of an Act, passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was committed; be taken into ConGderationTo-morrow Morning.

Clandestine Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-OuUawnes. Jng> resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more eflfoftual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovisy 28°

Anno 2i# Georgii II" Regis, 1748.

Praters.

Dawson'i Th flR. Thornton reported Irons the Committee, to whom

Estate. XVA the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of divers Messuages. Lands, and Hereditaments, in Kingston upon Hull, and the County of York, late the Estate of George son, Esquire, deceased, in Roper Dawson, his elded Son and Heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the several Incumbrances affecting the lame, and to make a Provision for his Brothers and Siflers, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An mgrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act *9

for Sale of the Estates late of Henry Fleetwood Esquire, Fleetwoodl

deceased, in the County of Iuincaster, for raising Money £state*

to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the same; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such

Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments,

to be settled to the Ulesof a former Settlement was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Northey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Export of for permitting.Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his jrtUod. Majesty's Plantations in^wmVtf, without paying the inland 0 Duties charged thereupon, by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for some of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ,^crt£°ri.i for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Bn passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of Basingstoke ;and also the iioaa from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of in the County of Southampton j and for making the said Act more effectual j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,

Safled in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from Birmingham, through the Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High , and to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, next adjoining to the Township of Bilson; and from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to Kingswinford, and to the further Bind of Brittel Lane, in the Counties of Stafford, and Worcester -, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Birmingham, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, &c. Road*, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from the Town of to the Town of Dudley, in the County of Worcester i and from the said Town of Bromsgrove to the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick so far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and for making the same more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bridge for repairing the High Road from Piers Bridge to Kirk- Ro*d* merrington, in the County of Durham, and from thence to the Turnpike Road at Y.udhoe Lane End, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Keck's repealing Part, and for explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying. Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and , in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck, his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Naifr', for confirming certain Articles of Agreement betwein the £*»-

Creditors

21 Geo. II. 28* Aprilis.

Creditors of Hugh Naish Esquire, and the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for veiling the real and personal Estates of the said Hugh Naish in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Coke, Mr. Edward Walpole, Lord Gage, Mr. Mellifk, Mr.

Plumer, Sir Francis Poole, Sir William Mr.

Ockenden, Lord Hobart, Mr. Harris, Mr. Thornton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Horatio Walpole, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. W Mr. P(umpire, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mr. Charles

Mr. Beaghan, Mr. WiUes, Lord Luxborough, Lord tington, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Mr.

Breretou, Sir Wm. Corbett, Mr. Ra/hleigh, Mr. Chafin, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Joltiffe, Mr. Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Liverpool An ingrossed Bill for building a Church in the Town Church »id of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and

*' for enlightening and cleaning the Streets in the said Town; and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title br, An Act for building a Church in the Town of -poole, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlightening and cleansing tire Streets of the said Towo; and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there. Ordered, That Mr. Brereton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deftre their Concurrence.

Northomber- Ordered, That the Order, made upon Monday the 14th landj&etion. f)ay c)f March lad, for hearing, upon that Day Two Months, at the Bar of this House, the Matter of the Petition of Lancelot Allgood Esquire, complaining of an undue Return for the County of Northumberland, be discharged.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this lloul'e, upon Monday the 6th Day of June next.

Supply' Bill; Mr. West, according to Order, reported from the

SFuod* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1748; and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, ariien by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Encouraging Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe presented to the House, *of ladko* accord*ng to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Making of Indico in the British Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the Firfk time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cambricks Mr. Thomas Gore, according to Order, reported from d French the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Lunau explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the s 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Vol. 95,

Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

And the Firil Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment,*

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TcUcnforthcY^-^'- } ,co.

<Mr. Horatio Walpole fe-1

Tellers for the Noes< nior, 59.

(Mr. Potter: J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Refldoe of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time. One of them was dilagrred to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to prevent Milliners, or other Persons, from making up for Hire Cam brick or French Lawn, in or upon any Wearing Apparel:

And the same was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended:

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to subject Husbands to the Penalties incurred by their Wives:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the BHI,' allowing the solemn Affirmation of a Quaker to be taken instead of an Oath.

And the same was twice read; and, being amended, was, upon the Questiofr put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, and Compositions, uled or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Miles Circuit of the said City, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads; and so much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage ot Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was committed;

Ordered,

Papists

Estates.

Examining Drugs, &c*

Preservation of poblitk Roads.

648 28° — a 9° Aprilis. . 1748*

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confederation Tomorrow Morning.

Claude (line The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Outlawries, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances, for the Year 1748, to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to make a

Motion, it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Keck's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act £ilate. for repealing of Part, and for explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and , in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 29°

Anno 21* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748. Praters.

Cambridge f\RDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Writ to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of in the County of

Cambridge, in the room of Esquire, de-

ceased.

An ingrossVd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rugby for railing Money out of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sherr for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms-houses at , in the County of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said School, or purchasing One or more Messuage or Messuages, together with some Ground adjoining thereto; and for the better Support of the said Charity; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Mur daunt, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Morton, Mr.

Thomas Gore, Mr. Noel, Mr. Hawkins, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Curzon, Lord Harley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Shuttle-

worth, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr.

Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Proby, Mr. Mr.

Willes, Lord Parker, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Hales, Mr. Lloyd,

Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Cary, Mr. Child, Mr. Hay, Mr. Robinson, Sir Wm. Yonge,

Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Batkurst, Sir Walter Wagftaff Bagot, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mr.

lycott, Mr. Charles Gore, Sir John Cotton, Sir

Edward Dering, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hale, Mr. West,

Mr. Luke Robinson,- Mr. Winnington, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Alderman Baker, Sir Peter 7hompfon. Sir Humphry Haworth, Mr. Gybbon, General Oglethorpe, Mr.

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Peachy, Mr. , Mr.

Sir Charles Kemys Tynte; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Warwick, Leicester, Northampton, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Kvnafton'i An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Corbet Kynaston Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Debts affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, Mr. Metcalfe, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Lord Parker, Mr. Thomas Gore, Mr. Morel on, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Potter, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilbraham, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Affleck, Sir

Edward Dering, Mr. Popham, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Willes, Mr. Proby, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Hale, Mr. Yorke, Mr. lycott, Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Child, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Harley, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Taylor, Sir Thomas Egerton \ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop, Chester, Montgomery, Bucks, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain: 8mking Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service

Fond. of the Year 1748; and for applying a Sum of Money

remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1748 j and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Da«fon‘» for veiling the Equity of Redemption of divers Messuages, Eftaie. Lands, and Hereditaments, in Kingston upon Hull, and the County of York, late the Estate of George Dawson Esquire, deceased, in Roper Dawson, his eldest Son and Heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the several Incumbrances affecting the fame, and to make a Provision for his Brothers and Sifters, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for encouraging the Making of Indico in the Encouraging British Plantations in America, was read a Second time, the Grow* Resolved, That the Bill be committed. of Indieo*

Resolved}That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Moftiing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming Cambrkla the further Consideration of the Report from the Com- and French mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for explain- Eawm. ing, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cam- . bricks and French Lawns, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the further Consideration of the said Report:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

A Motion

11 Geo. II. if Aprilis — 1° Mail. 649

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Bill be rc-committed;

It passed, in the Negative.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mercers The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Company'* Committee of the whole House, to conlitlcr further of Annuitant*, Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Creditors of the Mercers Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Examining Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Drugs, ic. whom the Bi|l

to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King the

First, intituled, An Act for the berter viewing, learehing, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines Waters, Oils, and Compositiom, uled or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where tie same shall be expoled to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the Cuy of , and Suburbs

thereof, or within Seven Mties Circuit of the said City, was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ereferration Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to of publitk " whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Roads. 14th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads; and f> much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Candeltine Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Outlawries. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunee, 2° Maii,

Barbor, Mr. Hay, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Mr. Proby, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Wo Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Wtiles, Mr. Lijler, Mr. Dowdesw and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton,

Surrey, Somerset, and Dorft: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Keck*:

for repealing of Part, and for explaining and amending Ertate*

ot^er Parts, ot an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying, Part of the settled Ellate of AnthonsKeck Elijuire, for railing Mouey towards the

Pure Life of the Manors of Dalby and Broughton, in the County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Revived, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse,

Mr F.Howes, Mr. Lyder, Mr. Neale, Air. , Mr.

Gore, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Charles Youn/henJ, Mr. Anson, Mr. Wilkiifiri, Mr Mr. Conyers, Mr. Sydenham, Loid Harley, Mr. Chafin, Mr.

Bury, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Hamilton, S Thomas Eger ton, Mr. , Mr. Henley,

Mr. heay.an, Mr Gybbcn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mellt/h,

Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Lloyd, Si. James Lowther, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir Charles Mor, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Warburton, Mr. CL ter, Mr. Mr.

Phil lip fun, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. PMr. IVebfier, Mr. Hay, Mr. Martin-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Berks, Warwick, Notfdk,

Lincoln, Hertford, and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House beirtg informed, That some Amendments ^Brooke*! are proper to be made to the ingrossed Bill from the- g^te. Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the late Sir George Strode's Estates, in the Counties of -

Jet and Somerset, in the Right,-Honourable Francis. Earl:

Brooke, as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, tpur — suant to Sir George Slrede' % Will, and the Partition I of the said Estates made by virtue of a Decree of theiGourt. of Chancery. 'Id

Ordered, That the said Bill be.re-committed.: A

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-commitftd to jthe Committee to w'hom the same was committed.

Ordered, That Lord Egmont, M r. Lord

Trent ham^ Mr. Wilkhifon, Mr. MitAir.

M r. Edzein, M r. Colebrooke, M r. Baynlun Roll, Sir fj v:.

Irby, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Richard Air,

Churchill, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Bowes, Sir Mties ista-pyltotf, Mt. Vytter, Mr. Gere, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John'

CuJl,be added to the said Committee.

Anno 21* Georgii II" Regis, 1748. Prayers.

Chafin'* A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. XjL for Sale of the settled Estate of George Chafin Esquire, in the Counties of Southampton and -Surrey, for paying off and discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling Lands in the County of Somerset, in lieu thereof, to the like Ul'es; was read a Second time.

/ty:AW, That the Bill be committed to Mr.' Kynaston,

Mr. Child, Mr. Lnfier, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. -Southwell, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Bury, Mr. Yorke, Mr. George Pit I, Mr. Legh, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Gere, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Charles Pelham, Mr. Hooper, Lord Parker, Mr. Mel/l/h, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Cor new at I, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr. Shnttlewo Lord Sir

Eger ton, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Harley, Lord Gage, Mr. VOL. 25.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into preservat;ott Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Whom of publick the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 14th Roads. Year of his Majestys Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publitk Roads; and so much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, and settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confident ion:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a SeconJ time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

8 C A Clause

Cambricks and French Lawns.

Examining Drugs, Ice*

Papists E dates.

650 2° — 3*

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, giving Cods to Defendants:

And the same was twice read: And the Blank therein being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for explaining, amending, and enforcing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Confederation the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to revive, explain, and amend, an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, and Competitions, used or to be used for Medicines, in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof or within Seven Mites Circuit of the said City, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take into further Cohsideration the said Report:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Jo/fika Ward Esquire, presented to the House upon the 9th Day of March last, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting from Inspection the Medicines prepared by the said Mr. Ward:

And the same was twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; impowering the Company of Apothecaries of London to cleft Visitors of Medicines, with the like Powers as are vested in the Censors of the College of Physicians, and subject to the same kind of Appeal:

And the said Clause was brought up, and once read: And the Question being put. That the said. Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; providing that every Place, within the Description of the Bill, shall be visited a certain Number of Times in every Year:

And the said Clause was brought up; and, bang once read, was, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, refojve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, De-vifees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

Mail. A. 1748.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries.

And then the House adjourned till To-mofrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 3® Mail;

Anno ai* Georgii IP' Regis, 1748. Prayer*.

THE Lord Deerhurst reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the late Sir George Strode's Estates, in the Counties of Dorset and

Somerset, in the Right Honourable Francis Earl , as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Strode's Will, and the Partition of the said Estates made by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was re-committed, That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 14. L. a 1. After "Brooke," insert "hasreceived from the said Earl and Countess of Hertford the said " Sum of One hundred Thirty-one Pounds Sixteen " Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings and:"

L. 25. After " aforesaid," insert " as the same are now held and enjoyed by her, or the said Earl of " tiertf or d,in her Right :'*

Pr. 15. L. 16. Leave out Manor;" and insert " Manors:"

L. 17. After "Herring," insert "and Lew* " eston, or one of them

L. ip. After " Pounds," insert " and all and " all manner or Tythes and Tenths, and all Payments; " in lieu thereof, issuing, arising, due, and payable, out " of, of from, the said Farm and Farms, called Little " Heringston, otherwise Hatheringston, and every, or any;

Part thereof:"

L. 41. After " Brooke," insert " ihbis afttial " Possessioti:"

Pr. 16. L. 3. After Landi," insert " Tythes, " Tenths:"

L, .7. After " Body," insert " according to " the Qi Vi lion and Allotment aforesaid, and the Explanation thereof, hereby made; namely, by veiling the aforesaid Tythes and Tenths issuing, anting, due, and " payable, out of, or from, the said Farm and Farms " called Little Re'ritigstoH, otherwise Hatheringston, and

" of every . Part thereof, in the said Earl Brooke, and the *' Heirs of his Body:"

Pr. 17. L. 1. After " Manors," insert "Tytlirt:"

The laid Amendments being fevferally read & Secohd time, yvefc, upon the Question severally put thereUpbd, agreed to by the House.

A Meffige from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Thurjon:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act fbf veiling the Estates of Ricfatrd Barikrtrpt,

which were settled on his Marriage with S'a'rah y

his present Wife, in the Assignees tinder the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for making a Provision for the said Sarah iVitliams, and her Issue, in such manner a£ therein is mentioned: To which the Lords defirfe th6 Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffertgers withdrew.

The

Clandestine

Outlawries.

Earl Brooke* Efface.

Williams's

Efface.

Banks'*

fcftate.

Kaifli's

State.

Examining Drugs, tcc.

lacovaging

fie Growth at lulico.

Mercrrs

Company*

Annuitants.

i i Geo. II. 3*

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Whichcot reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate late of Joftph Banks the elder, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of St. within the

Liberty of Westminster, in Trustees, in order to make Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the fameUles; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. pJwin, Mr. Mr. Rickard

Grenville, Mr. Crewe, Lord Strange, Mr. Bertie, Sir Hugh Dabrymplc, Mr. Bayutun Roll, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Creditors of Hark Naish Esquire, and the Trustees named in an A & of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his t>rdent Majesty, for veiling the real and personal Estate* of the Uid Hngb in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill to revive.fexplain, and amend an Act> made in the toth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searching, and examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, ami Competitions, used or to be ul'ed for Medicines, in all Places where the same Audi be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of , and Suburbs thereof, or within Seven Mdes Circuit of the said City, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 2. After President,". to insert and

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to revive and amend an Act, made in ihe Tenth Year of the lleign of King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better viewing, searchingt 4nd examining, all Drugs, Medicines, Waters, Oils, Compositions, used or to be used for Medicines* in all Places where the same shall be exposed to Sale, or kept for that Purpose, within the City of London, and Suburbs thereof, or within' Sevefl Miles Circuit of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr* Ckarles Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for encouraging the Making of Iodcio in the British Plantations in America.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will picafe to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

M r. Pro-wfe reported., from the Committee o( the whole

House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants

Vox.. 25.

651

and Creditors of the Mercers Company, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill|; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report inhis Place: He allbacquainted the House. That the Committee had considered the Petition of Peter Shaw, Doctor in Physick, to theql referred: And he afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed:

Ordered, That the Bill be-recomtflitted to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Kineof the Clock.

Mercurii, 40 die Mdii 5

Anno 21* Georgii II4* Regis, 1748. Praters.

MR. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming an Agreement between James Foi and John Bridges Esquires, for exchanging certain Lands in the Parish of Cob ham, in the County of Surrey, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without arty Amendment: and be delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Hdwkins, Mr. , Mf. Hum-

freys, Su WalterWagstaff Bagot, Sir Humphrey

Sir Thomas Moflyn, be added to the Committee, to Whom the ingrossed BUI, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale ot P;«rt of the Estate late of Corbet Kynaston Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Debts affecting the tame i and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

An ingrossbd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act' for veiling the settled Estate late of Joseph Banks the elder, Esquire, deceased, in the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, in Trustees, in order to make Sale

thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such' $ale in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Whickcot do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend act Afl, passed in the 14th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, fin Afl for the Preservation of the Publick Roads; and (b much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King tVilBrnm and Queen Marji intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways, ttkd settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following Were federally promoted to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 2. To leave out " said," and insert " feme," and after " Waggoner," to insert " of Carrier1:"

Pri

-40 Mali.

tox\ &c.

Kynaftot/s

Estate.

Bank*

Estate.

Preservation of Publick Roads.

65 2 4° — 5° A, 1748.

Pr. 6. L. 17. After "forfeit," to insert " for every " l'uch Offence

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

- And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amfend an Act, passed in the . Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the Publick Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England: and so much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Grods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Encouraging Lieutenant-General according to Order,

' the Growth reported from the Committee of the whole House, to oflndico. whom the Bill for encouraging the Making of Indico in the British Plantations in , was committed, the

Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill,; and which, they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Earl Brooke's . An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling a Moiety of the late Sir George Strode' % Estates, in the Counties of Dorset and in the Right Honourable Francis Earl , as the same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George Will,

and the Partition of the said Estates made by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

t

Imprison- Ordered, That Mr. Sidney Stafford Smith do make the ment of Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue Debtors, See. £bverai Laws for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Personsj relating to Frauds in the Customs; and Copper Ore of the Plantations;

and to the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; was committed;

Mr. Sidney, Stafford Smith accordingly reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amefidments, in ac the Clerk's Table: Where she Amendments wereonce read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. - ' 1

*c ' . 1 r»; d'./jt j

j; The other Order of the Day being read;

Mercers - The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Company's whole House,' to -consider further of the Bill for the Relief Annuitants. q£ the Annuitant! and Creditors of the Mercers Comply.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Prowse reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

i 22

thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

jfovis, 50 die Mali;

Anno 2i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Fox's, &c.

for confirming an Agreement between James Fox Estate and John Bridges Esquires, for exchanging certain Lands in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Making oflndico Encouraging in the British Plantations in America, was read the Third 'he Growth

oi Indico,

time.

The House was moved, That the Third of the Relblil-tions which, upon Monday the 25th Day of April last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee to whom the'Petition of James Crokatt Esquire, on behalf of himself, and several other Merchant s trading to his Majesty's Plantations in- America, was referred; and of the several Petitions referred to the-Consideration of the said Committee of the whole Hohfe, which Resolution was then, with several Amendments' thereto, agreed to by the House: And also, That the Order for bringing in -a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution, might be read: '

Arid the said Resolution and Order being read accordingly;:

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 3, 4, 5. To leave out " or Other Duties on " Goods imported from Parts beyond the Seas

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Making oflndico in the British Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill-to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

j;

Mr. Prowse, according to Order, reported from the Mercers Committee of the whole Hoille, to whom the Bill for the Company's Relief-of the Annuitants and Creditors'of the Metcers ^nnuitai, ts* Company, was rc-committed, the Actfendmerits which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to thfe^House ;*and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, onefey one: and; upon the Question severally put thereupon, several bf tlftm were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Company to kt-Leases and take Fines;

And the same was twice read with Blanks, which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended:

Then the said Claufd Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. . - 1:

And

Kynaston'i

EiUte.

BiUir,

ai Geo. II.

6* Afo«.

*5$

And several Amendments were nude by the Houseto the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vitnerist 6* dieMaii;

' Anno a t* Georgii lldi Regis, 1748.

PtATIKI.

MR. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Corbet Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Debtsaffefting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed: That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfisftion of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment

was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 17. L. 43. After " of," insert " the Creditors

" of :" _____

The laid Amendment being read a Second time, was, agreed to by the House, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Add Clauses A and B:

A: " Provided always, and it is hereby further Enact- ed. That, notwithstanding any Clause, Matter, or Thing, in this present Act, or in the said Articles of the " Fourth of March One thouGind Seven hundred and " Forty-one, contained, they the said Benjamin Doget, John Blanchett, and Michael Arnold, and also the said " Edward Spe/man, do and shall, on or before the First " Day of July One thousand Seven Hundred and Forty- eight, well and sufficiently grant, convey, and allure, unto, and to the Use of, Henry , in the lame

M Articles named, and his Heirs, the Freehold Estate, late of the said Hugh Naish, deceased, at Lawrence,

" in the said County of Berks, in the same Articles mentioned, discharged of the Incumbrances thereon, if any " there be.'*

B: " Provided also, That nothing herein contained " shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or make void a certain Agreement, in Writing, bearing Date the Fifth Day of FebruaryOne thousand Seven hundred

and Forty-five, made and entered into by and between the said Edward Spelman and James Francis, in the said Articles of the Fourth of March One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-one, named; but that the same Agreement, and every Clause, and Article, and Thing, therein contained, shall be of the same Force and " Eflfcft, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this present Act u had not been made; any thinjf herein contained to the " contrary notwithstanding."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

If

An ingrossed Bill, for the Relief of the Annuitants and Mercer* Creditors of the Mercers Company, was read the Third Company* time. Annuitants.

Refohttd, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to Lords, and deflrc their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill;

~ bin king Fund.

The Lord Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Credi ors of Hugh Naish Esquire, and the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for veiling the real and personal Estates of the said Hugh Naish in Trustees for the Benefit of his Creditors, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and

that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of several Amendments thereunto; which they liad directed the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1748; and him to report to the House , and he read the Report in for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exche-his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the quer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the determined at Lady-day 1747; and for the further Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Par-Pr. 57. L. last. Alter " Parliament," insert " And liament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for whereas, by a Report, bearing Date the 15th Day ot defraying the Charge of the Allowances, for the Year July One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six, made 174S, to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the w in a Caulc, depending in the High Court of Chancery, Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of " between the said Edward Spelman, and others, Plain- Hoise, lately reduced; without any Amendment: And

" tiffs, and the said Nicholas Kent, Oliver Edwards, and also,

" William Houghton, and others, Defendants; the respect The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Liverpoole " tive Debts, owing from the said Hugh Naish to his for building a Church in the Town of Liverpoole, in the Church and " several Creditors, in the said Articles, or some of them. County Palatine of Lancaster; and for enlightening and Streets*

cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for keeping insert " and the and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

it

are liquidated and ascertained Pr. 58. L. 35. After contained,' said Rej>ort

Pr. 59. L. 13. After " in," insert "

Benjamin Doget,

of Par Jon's Green, in the Parish of Fulham, in the County for repairing the Roads leading from Sutton Colefield Com-

of Middlesex aforesaid. Gentleman :' L. a4-

Doget

L- 39-

Doget;"

Pr. 60. L. 19.

Doget

L. 30.

Doget Vox. 25.

After " laid," insert " Benjamin

After " said, " insert " Benjam in

After " said, " iniert " Benjamin

After hud," insert Benjamin

mon to the Town of Waif all, and from s Green to Walsall, and from Walsall to Park , which divides the Parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall; and from Gibbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the End of the County of Stafford; and from Wolverhampton to the Wergs, and from thence to Shiffnall, and from the Wergs to Hale's Heath; and from Wolverhampton to Can-

Wol»er*

hampton,&c

Roads.

went: And also.

8 D

The

Punishment of Treason in the Highlands of Scotland*

£liaf]n's

Estate.

Keck's

Estate.'

Kynaston's

Estate.

Williams'i

Estate*

<554

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House to the pill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishment of High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Practice of taking down t^ie Evidence in Writing, in certain criminalProfecutions; and for making l'ome further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes } and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

L>un<ey 90 die Maii;

Anno 21* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

PllAY EttS.

MR. Kynaftonreported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of George Chafin Esquire, in the Counties of Southampton and , for paying

off and discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling Lands in the County of in Jieu

thereof, to the like Uses^ was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee ;and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's table.

Mr. Provcfe reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing of Part, and for explaining and amending other Parts, of an Act,-passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying. Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dolby and in the Coun-

ty of Leirefter, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Corbet Kynaston Esquire, deceased, for the Payment of Debts affeftfng the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, with One Amendment; To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard a Bankrupt,

which were settled on his Marriage with Sarah Williams, his present Wife, in the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for making a Provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her Issue, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Affleck, Sir James Lowther, Lord Dutp Mr. Frankland, Lord

A. r 748.

Harley, Mr. Comyn, Mr. Charles Townftiend, Mr. Richards,

Sir Charles Mordaunt, General On/low, Mr.

Mr. Mellifti, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Young, Mr.

Offley, Mr. Merrick Burrel, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Bet hell, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Nathanael Newnham, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Prowse, Doctor Lee, Mr. Hale, Mr. Thomas

Gore, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Givytin, Mr. ,. Mr.

Sandys, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Mr.

Sloper, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Robin/on, Sir Henry Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Fazaktrley, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage, Mr. Finch, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Hay, Lord Parker,

Mr. Paulett, Mr. Harris,' Mr. Plumer, Lord Coke, Mr.

Smith, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Tuckfield, Sir John Peachy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Suffolk, Essex, Norfolk, and Surrey: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That Part of the Journal of ( the House of Saturday the 13th Day of 1717; and also Part of the Journal of the House of Friday the 24th Day of May 1728; and also Part of the Journal of the House of Thursday the 31st Day of July 1746; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed on the said Bill, upon Morning

next.

An ingrossed Bill, to continue several Laws for the Imprisoo* Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of meat of their Persons; relating to Frauds in the Customs; and Debtors>4c* Copper Ore of the British Plantations; and to the Dif-tempfcr amongst the Horned Cattle; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to continue and amend several Laws for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and to continue Two Acts, the One

?afled in the Nineteenth Year, the other in the Twentieth ear of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle.

Ordered, That Sir John Cust do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Infplveot for Relief of insolvent Debtors, with some Amendments: Debtors.

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Papish night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Eil4tts-upon the Bill for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees, of Estates of Papists.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, CUndefti resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ou:l«w.is*. the Bill for the more effectually preventing clandestine Outlawries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

6° — 90 Maii.

j

21 Geo. II

Account of Shipc trading to Africa.

Mercora

Company's

Annuiuau.

Chain's

Estate.

Rugby

Sctj'»o|

Estate.

Infolrcnt

Debtors.

i o° Mdii.

Mart is, io# die Maii;

Anno 2i* Georgii IIai Regis, 1748. Prayers,

THE House being informed. That Mr.

from the Register-General's Office, in the Custom-House, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, paefented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of British Ships that have been entered as to and from the Coast of Afrits, from 25th December 1727, to , 25th December 1747, dillinguilhtngeach Year, and each Port.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to he perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the several Deeds and Books with which the Clerk of the Company of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London*was ordered to attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Relief of the Annuitants and Creditors of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, was committed, and which were delivered in to the said Committee, be returned to the said Clerk.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the settled Estate of George Esquire, in the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, for paying off and discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling Lands in the County of Somerset, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Kynqflon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sir Charles Mordaunt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money out of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sfor the found-

ing and maintaining a School and Alms-Houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said School, or purchasing One or more Mcftuage or Messuages, together with fonie Ground adjoining thereto; and for the better Support of the said Charity; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendment?, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 23. L. 38. Leave out from " thereof," to " provided," in Line 20. of Pr. 23.

Pr. 28. L. 33. After "any,' insert "Body Politick " or Corporate, or to any:"

L. 36. After such," insert " Body Politick " or Corporate, or

L. 37. After " such/' insert " Body Politick M or Corporate, or

Pr. 29. L. I. After " such," insert " Body Politick " or Corporate, or

Pr. 33. L. 19*. Leave Qut the Clause, added by way of Rider, marked " A r"

Vol. 25.

Pr. 36. L. 13. Before the First " and/' add Clause A:

At the End of the Bill add Clause B:

Clause A: " And be it Enacted by the Authority " aforesaid, That any Assignee or Assignees, to whom,

" by virtue of thi?, or any former, Act of Parliament,

" made for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, the Estate or " Effects of any Prisoner or Prisoners hath been, or shall be, assigned, is and are hereby impowered, by and with the Consent of the major Part, in Value, of such Prisoner or Prisoners Creditors, who shall be present at " a Meeting to be had for that Purpose, of which Twenty- one Dayspublick Notice shall be previously given, inTwo " London Gazettes, to make Composition with any Person or Persons, Debtors or Accountants to such Prison-" er or Prisoners, where the same shall appear necessary or " reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part, as can, " upon such Composition, be gotten, in full Discharge of " such Debts and Accounts; and-also to submit any Differenceor Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees,

" and any Person or Persons whatsoever, for, on account, " or by reason or means, of any Matter, Cause,.or Thing, " relating to such Prisoner or Prisoners Estates or Effects, " or to any Debtor Debts, due, or claimed to be due, to or from such Prisoner or Prisoners, to the final End and " Determination of Arbitrators, to be chosen by the said " Assignee or Assignees, and the major Part, in Value, " of such Creditors, and the Party or Parties with whom " they shall have such Difference, and to perform the " Award of such Abstrators, or otherwise to settle and agree the Matters in Difference and Dispute between " them, in such Manner as the said Assignee or Assignees, " with such Consent as aforesaid, shall think lit, and can " agree; and the same shall be binding to all the Credit " tors of such Prisoner or Prisoners; and the said Assignees are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly " do, according to the Direction aforesaid."

Clause B: " Provided always. And be it Enacted, by " the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who took the " Benefit of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year oflus " present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief of insolvent Debtors, shall have or receive any Benefit or Advantage of, or under, this Act, nor shall be deemed to be within the Meaning thereof; any thing " herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A was read a Second time; and, being an ingrafted Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the lad Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrafted Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed 19 by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Nugent do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Creditors of Hugh Naish Esquire, and the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for veiling the real and personal Estates of the said Hugh Naish in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Coke do carry the- Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lord ships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for repealing of Part, and for explaining and amending

other

Naifli's

Estate.

Keck's

Estate.

a

6$6 io* — ii# — i 2° Ma^.1748.

other Parts of an Act, passed, in the x 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying. Part of the settled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for railing Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of Dalby and in the County of Leicester, contrafted for pursuant to the Will

of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned} was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die;

Anno 2i* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i 2* die Maii;

Anno 21* Georgii H" Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Grown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bury in the County of Suffolk, in the room of the Right Honourable William Stanhope Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Petersham-, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Customer and Collefitor of the Ports of Dublin, and

Wicklow.

Bury St. Bdmund* Writ.

Prayrrs.

Rugby \ N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An School xJl Act for raising Money out of an Estate in the Coun-ate* ty of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sherriff for the founding and maintaining a School and Alms-Houses at Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to be applied in rebuilding the said School, or purchasing One or more Messuage or Messuages, together with some Ground adjoining thereto; and for the better Support of the said Charity; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Mor daunt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Williams's Ordered, That Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Mr.

Estate. be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Williams, a Bankrupt, which were settled on his Marriage with Sarah his present Wife, in

the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for making a Provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her Issue, in such manner as therein is mentioned, is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Thurston:

Mr. Speaker,

Preservation The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act of publicle to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Roads. Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads, in that Part of Great Britain called England,; and so much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ditto. The House proceeded to take the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 6. L. 17. After " Surname," insert and the

Place of his Abode

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed *9 the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Mr. Affleck reported from the Committee, to whom the Williams* ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for veil-ing the Estates of Richard Williams, a Bankrupt, which

were settled on his Marriage with Sarah Williams, his present Wife, in the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for making a Provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her Issue, in such manner as therein is mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 35. L. 19. Leave out " Manors:"

Pr. 44. L. 14. Leave out " Tripartite," and insert " Quadrupartite."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The said Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Affleck do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ditarming to amend and enforce so much of an Act, made in the the Highland* Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the 111 cotan more effectual disarming the Highlands in Scotland, and retraining the Use of the Highland Dress, and to Maf-tersandTeachers of private Schools, and Chaplains; and to explain a Clause in another Act, made in the same Year, relating to Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain Persons belonging to, ox practising in, the Courts of Session and Judiciary, to take the O^ths; and to repeal some Clauses in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby certain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his laid late Majesty; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

ao The

Relief of Orphan* and Crrdi or* of London. Camhricks anri French Lawn*.

Encouraging the Growth of lodico.

Kynaston'a EiUte.

Na:(h KAatc.

Earl Brooke* Estate.

Ln^low

Writ.

Difermirg the High* landa in Scotland.

2i Geo. II. 12® Mali. 57

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing, an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign othis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Making of lodico in the Plantations in America, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this Mouse, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the F.state late of Corbet Esquire, deceased,

for the Payment of Debts affecting the lame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this Ifoufe, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between the Creditors of Hugh Suish Esquire, and the Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for vesting the real and personal Estates of the said Hugh Naish in Trustees, for the Benefit of his Creditors; and for oth< r Purposes therein mentioned: And also,

Ti.c Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of the late St George Strode' % Estates, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, in the Right Honourable Francis E^rl Brooke, as; h same is now held and enjoyed by him, pursu nt to Sir George Strode's Will, and the Partition of the fud Estates made by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chmcery.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elect ing of a Burgess to f.-rve in this present Parliament for the Borough ol Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir H'illiam Corbett Baronet; who, since his Election for 'he said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Pipe.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend and enforce lo much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the m »re effectual disarming the Highlands in and restraining the Use of the Highland Dress, and to Mailers and Tc.'chers of private Schools, and Chaplains} and to explain a Clause in another Act, made in the same Year, relating to Letters of Orders of Epilcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain Persons belonging to, or practising in, the Courts of Session and Judiciary, to take the Oaths j and to repeal some Clauses in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby certain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their Duty and Loyalty to his laid late Majesty.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 7. L. 4. Leave out " Value," and insert " valued:"

L. 14. Leave out " Value," and insert " va«

" lued

L. 2 1.Leave out Value," and insert " va-

" lued

L. 31. Leave out " Value," and insert " va-

" lued

L. 39. Leave out Value," and insert " va-

" lued

Pr. 9. L. 15. Leave out " Value " and insert " valued

VOL. 25.

Pr. 10. L. 29, Leave out " that Part," and insert " those Parts:"

L. 30. Leave out " is," and insert " are 1* 31. After " little Kilt," insert or any

" of them

Pr. 13. L. 7. Leave out " the :"

At the End of the Bill add Clauses A and B:

To the Title of the Bill add, " and for other Purposes " therein mentioned."

A: "And whereas jt is necessary to make some fur-" ther Provision for the more eff ftually suppressing the " Crimes of Theft of Cattle in the Highlands of " land, or the Depredations committed by the unlawful

" taking or maintaining the Possession of Cattle, by " Force and Violence j Be it furthtr Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That from and after the 24th " Day of July 1748, in all Trials or Prosecutions within that Part of Great Britain called for the

" Crimes of Theft of Cattle, or the masterful taking " away or detaining the fame, it shall not be allowed to " be 1 gO'xl Objection to any Witness, pio.luced for " proving such Libel and Indictment, that he was him*

" self Particeps et Socius Criminis; nor ftial! the Evidence " given by such Witness be made use of against himself; nor shall he be liable to be prosecuted for his Accession " to the Offence, which he shall, as a Witness, give Evidence th at the same was committed by the Prisoner or " Panel, in whose Trial he shall be so adduced, or that such " Prisoner or Panel was Art and Part ther.-of; any Law,

" Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding."

B: " And whereas, by another Clause of the said Act of " the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, there " are Penalties imposed on Persons who Hull ref i t to, or " frequent, any Epilcopal Meeting-house or C ngregation " in Scotland, not allowed by Law, who shall nor, within " the Space of Five Days, give Information of such illegal Meeting to some proper Magistrate: And whereas " a Doubt has been raised, whether Pei Ions, present at " such illegal Meeting, who did not, within the Space of " Five Days, give Information thereof as aforesaid, could be compelled to appear and give Evidence against the Minister or other Persons offending against the said " Act; Be it therefore Enacted and Declared, by the " Authority aforesaid, That, in all Prosecutions, for O.fences against the said Act, it shall and may be lawful " and competent to produce, as Witnesses, whether " agimft the Minister or Hearers, other Persons present, " who may also have been guilty of offending against the " said Act; but the Evidence given by such With.fies " shall not be made use of, or given in Evidence, against " themselves, upon any Prosecution for any Penalty inflicted by the said Act."

The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being fevc-rally read a Second time, were, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Thiid time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time: And,

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, be adjourned till Monday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Amendment, made by tlsc Lords, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

8 E A

Mercers

Company*!

Annuitants.

Imprisonment of Debtors, &c.

Williams's

Elbue.

Ltme Regis Writ.

Aberb^o-

thock,

Writ-

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

658 ia°- — I

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue and amend several Laws for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons; and to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and to continue Two Acts, the One paired in the 19th Year, the other in the 20th Year, of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Williams, a Bankrupt, which were settled on his Marriage with Sarah Williams, his present Wife, in the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against him, to be f>!d for Payment of his Debts, and for making a Provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her Issue, in such manner as therein is mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 130 Mali.

Anno at* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

ft RD it RED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Henry Holt Henley Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the District of Burghs of Aberbrothock, Aberdeen, Montrose, Brechinc, and Inverbervie, in the room of John Maule Esquire; who, since his E eftion for the said District of Burghs, hath accepted the Office of One of the Barons of his Majesty'sCourt of Exchequer in Scotland.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. Belleuden, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1748; and for applying a Sum of Money remaining in the Exchequer, arisen by the Rates and Duties on Houses, which determined at Lady-day 1747; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances, for the Year :1748; to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced:

An Act for explaining, amending, and further enforcing the Execution of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repealing the several Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and for granting to his Majesty other Rates and Duties upon Vot. 25.

3° Mail. A. 1748.

Houses, Windows, or Lights; and for raising the Sum of Four millions Four hundred thousand Pounds by Annuities, to be charged on the said Rates or Duties:

An Act for permitting Tea to be exported to Ireland, and his Majesty's Plantations in America, without paying the inland Duties charged thereupon, by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign; and for enlarging the Time for lbme of the Payments to be made on the Subscription of Six millions Three hundred thousand Pounds, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this Session of Parliament, intit uled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act for the more effectual Trial and Punishmenttof High Treason, and Misprision of High Treason, in the Highlands of Scotland; and for abrogating the Practice of taking down the Evidence in Writing, in certain criminal Prosecutions; and for making some further Regulations relating to Sheriffs Depute, and Stewarts Depute, and their Substitutes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to amend and enforce lo much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, as relates to the more effectual disarming the Highlands 'mSc

and restraining the Use of the Highland Dress, and to Mailers and Teachers of private Schools, and Chaplains: and to explain a Clause in another Act, made in the same Year, relating to Letters of Orders of Episcopal Ministers in Scotland; and to oblige Persons allowed to carry Arms, and the Directors of the Banks there, and certain Persons belonging to, or practising in, the Courts of Session and Justiciary, to take the Oaths; and to repeal some Clauses in an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, whereby certain Encouragements are given to Landlords and Tenants in Scotland, who should continue in their Dutyand Loyalty to his laid late Majesty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for explaining, amending, and enforcing an Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns:

An Act for Relief of insolvent Debtors:

An Act for the encouraging the making of Indico in the British Plantations in America:

An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans, and other Creditors, of the City of London-, and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London:

An Act to continue and amend several Laws for the Relief of Debtors, with respect to the Imprisonment of their Persons j and to rectify a Mistake in an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned; and to continue Two Acts, the One passed in the Nineteenth Year, the other in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to prevent the Spreading of the Dillemper amongst the Horned Cattle:

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Preservation of the publick Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England; and lo much of an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways; and for settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods, as relates to the settling the Rates of the Carriage of Goods:

An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of such of his Majesty's loyal Subjects,

in

2i Geo. II. 130 Mali.

65 9

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, whole Title-Deeds and W ntings were destroyed, or carried off, by the Rebel*, in the late Rebellion:

An Act for holding the Summer Alhzes.for the County of Buckingham, at the County Town of Buckingham:

An Act for further regulating the Proceedings upon Courts Martial in the Sea Service; and for extending the Diltiplmc of the Navy to the Crews of his Majesty'i Ships wrecked, loft, or taken; and for continuing to them their Wages, upon certain Conditions:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed 10 the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of hh late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the several Roads leading from , through the

Town of Wednesbury, to a Place called High and

to Great Bridge, and from thence to the End of Gibbet Lane, n.xt adjoining to the Township of; and

from Great Bridge, through Dudley, to and to the fut t h r End of Briltel Lane, in the Counties of Warwick, Staff'rd.and Wtrcefier

An Act for enlarging tire Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Mujifty King George the First, intituled, An Act

for repairing the Ro ids leading from the Town of grove to the Town of Dudley, in the county of ;

and from the said Town of to the Town of

Birmingham, in the county of ; l'o far as the said Act relates to repairing the Roads leading from the Town of Birmingham to the Town of in the County </ IVuuesler; and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for repairing the High Road from Piers Bridge to Knkmerrington, in the County of Durham,

and from thence to the Turnpike Hoad, at Tudhoe Lane End, in the said County:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the T'own of Manchester, leading through Newton,

worth, and Oldham, in the County Palatine of easter, to Aujteilands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in

the County of Jerk; and for making the same more effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of Ins present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hertford Bridge Hill to the Town of and also the

Road from Hertford Bridge Hill aforesaid to the Town of Odiham, in the County of j and for

mak'ng the said Act more effectual:

An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Sutton Co/efield Common to the 'Town of H'afall, and from Sneals Green to Walsall, and from to Park

Brook, which divides the Parishes of Wolverhampton and Walsall; and from Gilbet Lane to Wolverhampton, and from Compton to the End of the County of Stafford; and from Wolverhampton to the Wags, and fr. m thence to Shifnall, and from the Wergs to Hale's Heath; and from Wolverhampton to Cannock in the Road to

Litchfield:

An Act for buildinga Church in t he Town of Liverpoole, in the County Palatine of Lanca; and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets of the said Town; and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there:

An Act for draining and prelVrving certain Fen Lands in the several Parishes of Money, Welney, Down-

ham, Witcham, and in a certain extraparochial Place, in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge:

An Act for erecting Work-houses for the better employing and maintaining the Poor within the Burgh of Bury St. Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; and for the better repairing and paving the Streets and Highways there:

An Act for vesting a Moiety of the late Sir George Strode's Estates, in the Counties of Dtrfiet and Somerset, in Voi. 25.

the Right Honourable Francis Earl Brooke, as the same is Royal Afleni now held and enjoyed by him, pursuant to Sir George to Bill*.

Strode's Will, and the Partition of the said Estates made by virtue of a Decree of the Court of Chancery:

An Act for the Sale of certain Lands in the Parishes of Barking and Dagenham, in the County of Essex, Part of the Estate of the late Sir Orlando Humfreys Baronet, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting divers Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, late the Ellate of Thomas Carthew Esquire, deccafed, in his Executors, to enable them to convey the same pursuant to Articles entered into for the Purchase thereof:

An Act for Sale of the Estates late of Fleetwood Esquire, deceased, in the County of Lancaster, for railing Money to discharge the Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for laying out the Surplus of the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Utes of a former Settlement:

An Act for vesting certain Estates ot Thomas Uoyd Esquire, and Anne his Wife, in Trustees, to be loid for discharging Incumbrances affecting the lame; and for settlingother Estates to the Uses in their Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption ofdivers Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in Kingston upon Hull, and the County of J ork, late the Ellate of Daw/on Esquire, deceased, in Roper his eideft

Son and Heir, upon his undertaking to discharge the le-veral Incumbrances affecting the lame, and to make a Provision for his Brothers and Sifters:

An Act for confirming an Agreement between fames Fox and John Bridges Esquires, for exchanging certain Lands in the Parish of Cobham, in the County of Surrey, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended:

An Act for Sale of the settled Estate of George Esquire, in the Counties of Southampton and Surrey, lor paying oft' and discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for settling Lands in the County of Somerset, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate late of Joseph Banks the elder, Esquire, deccaied, in the Parish of St. James, within the Liberty of Westminster, in Trustees, in order to make Sale thereof; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase ot Lands, to be settled to the same U fes:

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement, between the Creditors of Hugh Naish Esquire, and the Truficcs named in an Act of Parliament, of the Eleventh Year of his present Majesty, for veiling the real and personal Estates of the said Hugh Naish in Trullees, for the Benefit of his Creditors; and for other Purposes -therein mentioned:

An Act for repealing of Part, and for explaining and amending other Parts of an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for charging, felling, and applying. Part of thefettled Estate of Anthony Keck Esquire, for raising Money towards the Purchase of the Manors of and Brough-

ton, in die County of Leicester, contracted for pursuant to the Will of Anthony Keck his Grandfather; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Corbel Kynaston Esquire, deceased, lor the Payment of Debts affecting the fame; and for otlur Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising Money out of an Estate in the County of Middlesex, given by Lawrence Sherriff for the founding and maintaining a School and Almshouses ac Rugby, in the County of Warwick, to be applied in re.-building the said School, or purchasing One or more Messuage or Messuages, together with some Ground adjoining thereto; and for the better Support of the said Charity:

An

66o 130 Matt. — 3 o° Junii, — 30° Augusti. A. 1748.

lUyal Afleat An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Williams, a to Bub Bankrupt, which were settled on his Marriage with Sarah Williams, his present Wife, in the Assignees under the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against him, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, and for making a Provision for the said Sarah Williams, and her Ilfue, in such manner as therein is mentioned:

An Act for inclosing, dividing, and exchanging, the common Fields, common Pastures, common Meadows, and other Grounds, in the Manor and Township of Faceby, in Cleveland, in the North-Riding of the County of York, and for providing certain Recompences to the impropriators and Vicar of Faceby, in lieu of Tythes:

An Act to confirm and establish an Agreement for inclosing and dividing a large open common Pasture Ground called Somergangs, otherwise Somergams, in the Parish of Drypool, in the County of York:

An Act for confirming and establishing Agreements for inclosing and exchanging Lands in Holton, in the County of Lincoln, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended:

An Act for inclosing certain common Pasture Grounds within the Manors and Parishes of Langwith and Plefley, and the Hamlets of Stony Houghton and in the said Parishes, in the County of Derby:

An Act to enable Richard lately called

Richard Elcock, and his Issue, to take and bear the Surname and Arms of Weddell, pqjrfuant to the Will of Thomas Weddell Esquire, deceased; and for impowering the said Richard Weddell, and those in Remainder after him, to make Leases of the Estates devised to him and them by the said Will:

An Act for naturalizing John Thorbeeke:

An Act for naturalizing Peter Neau,

After which his Majesty was plealed to make a most gracious Speech, from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The King's At the Opening of this Session of Parliament, I inform-Speech. ed you. That a Congress had been agreed upon by the several Powers at War; and 1 have now the Satisfaction to acquaint you. That Preliminaries for restoring a general Peace have been signed between my Minister and those of the most Christian King and the States General of the United Provinces; the Balls of which isa general Restitution of Conquests made, during the War, on all Sides.

In consequence of these Preliminaries, which have been ratified by all the contracting Parties, a Cessation of Hof-tiiities has actually taken place in th Countries, and in the Channel; and certain Periods are fixed, according to former Practice, for its Commencement in other Parts of the World.

In this important Transaction, my great Views have been, ftcadily to adhere to the true Interests of Europe, to pursue and maintain those of my own Kingdoms in particular, and to procure for my Allies the belt Terms and Conditions that the Events of a War, in some Parts unsuccessful, did admit.

I have, in the Course of this Negotiation, acted with the most unreserved Confidence and Communication towards my Allies; and I hope, That when they shall have maturely weighed the Situation of Affairs, the Necessity from thence arising, and the Care and Attention which have been shewn for their Advantage and Security, they will not delay to accede to these preliminary Articles, but concur in effectuating the good Work of Peace.

The vigorous and powerful Support you have given me, during this Session, towards carrying on the War, has strengthened my Hands, in proceeding thus far in the Meal'ures of Peace. Nobody can suggest the lead Failure on the Part of Great Britain 1 which, not only for the fake of its own particular Interest, but of the common Caule, has taken on itself a Share of the Burthen unexam-3

pled in former Times. I hope soon to fee this necessary Work brought to Perfection, with the Concurrence of all my Allies, with whom it is my firm Intention to cultivate the most perfect Harmony, and to cement and strengthen, if possible, the Ties of our ancient Union and Friendship, in such a manner as may render the Peace secure and durable.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

My particular Thanks are due to you for the ample Provision you have made for the Service of the current Year. Nothing could have contributed so much to the putting an End to the Calamities of War, and reducing our future Expences, as these well judged Supplies. The most prudent Economy shall be made use of in the Application of them; and, you may be assured, nothing will give me more real Pleasure, than to take the First Opportunity of lessening the present Burthens of my People.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I cannot sufficiently express my intire Satisfaction in your whole Conduct, during this Session; and I mutt recommend it to you, to promote in your several Countries a right Sense of those Measures which have been (o necessarily taken for the Security and Ease of my People As it is the earned Desire of my Heart to lee the Crown of Great Britain maintain that Figure, Strength, and Weight, in making War and Peace, which justly belong to it; it is equally so, to lee my good Subjects enjoy the Blessings of Tranquillity and Prolperity,

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued until Thursday the 30th Day of June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 30th Day of June next.

Jovisy 30° Junii;

Anno 24* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, byMr. Birmingham, Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty'sCom-miftion, desirethe immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until day the 30th Day of August next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 30th Day of August next.

Mart is, 30° Augusti;

Anno 22* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1748.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was broughtfrom the Lords, by Mr. Birmingham, Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 13 th Day of October next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 13th Day of October next.

Parliament

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

Parliament

further

prorogued-

0,1 Geo. II.

13° OBobris. 661

Jovis, ijt OBobris;

Anno x»* Georgii II. Regis, 17481

_ fpHE House being met, purliient to die left Pro-(*"* I rogation)

A Menage was brought from the Lords, by Mr. War^ 1*°* Deputy Gentleman-Diner of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lord* authorised by virtue of his Majesty's Com* million* desire the immediate Attendance of thisHonour*

able House, in the House of Peen, to hear the Cora-mission read.

Acaerdingly Mr. Speaker, wfth tfe HouseJwent up to the JHause of Peers 1 Where the Cfimmiffing was read, for the further Proroguing of tbt Parliament until Tuesday the 19th Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tuesday the 29th Day of November next.

▼o*. 95.

8F

Proclamation for Meeting of Parliament.

Message to attend the King.

Members take Oaths.

Clandestine

Outlawries.

The King'* Speech reported.

JOUR N A

S

OF T HE

i.. <. "j *>:.

': : .!/! !. t' 'J -t*-;. ;y ' '1 C.'

*7*i*v» ' . '

' - ~ r .- i *

HOUSE /C O M M O N S.

Self. 1748 — 9.

By the LORDS JUSTICES.

A PROCLAMATION.

Tho. Can/uar. Bedford,

Hardwicke, C. Pelham.

Gower, C. P. S.

WHEREAS this present Parliament stands prorogued to this Day, being the Thirteenth

of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight,

We, with the Advice of his Majesty's Privy-Council, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall be further prorogued, from thisThirteenth Day of October, to Tuesday the Twenty-ninth Day of next; and

that We have given Order that aCommission be prepared for the proroguing the same accordingly: And We do

hereby further declare his Majesty's Pleasure, That the said Parliament shall, on the said Twenty-ninth Day of November, be held, and fit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, and the Commissioners of Shires and Burghs of the House of Commons, are hereby required and commanded to give their Attendance, accordingly, at on Tuesday

the Twenty-ninth Day of November next.

Given at Whitehall, the Thirteenth Day of October

1748, and in the Twenty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign.

GOD save the Kino.

Mart is, 290 die Novembris;

Anno 2a0 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. Bellenden, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members took the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing clandestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to make a most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I acquainted you at the Close of the last Session of Parliament, That Preliminary Articles fora general Pacification had been signed by my Minister, and those of

the most Christian King, and the States General of the United Provinces; to which the Empress Queen of Hungary, the Kings of Spain and Sardinia, and the other Powers engaged in the War, soon afterwards acceded.

I loft no Time in taking the proper Measures with my Allies for effedluating a General Peace, by a definitive Treaty, in which all Parties were to concur; and notwithstanding the Difficulties which must attend foexten-five a Work, wherein the respective Interests of so many Powers were to be finally adjusted by common Consent,

I have been able, by the Blessing of God, in the Course of the Summer, to complete it; and I have the Pleasure to acquaint you, that a definitive Treaty, previously concerted with my Allies, has been signed by my Ministers, and those of France, and the States General; to which all the other Powers concerned in the War have acceded, without Reserve.

It has been my chief Endeavour, in putting an End to the Calamities of War, to make the most effectual Provision for securing the Rights and Interests of my own Subjects, and to procure the best Terms and Conditions for my Allies, that the Situation of Affairs would admit: And I take much Satisfaction in being able to tell you, that I have found a general good Disposition in all the Parties engaged in the War, to bring this Negotiation to a happy Conclusion. From these Circumstances we may promise ourselves, under God, a long Enjoyment of the Blessings of Peace, provided we make the right Ule and Improvement of it. x

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

As great a Progress has been made towards rc4°c*n8 the publick Expences, as the Nature of the same would

allow i

22 Geo. II.

allow; and I only desire you to grant me such Supplies, as may he requitite for the current Service of the Year, for your own Security, and for making good such Engagements as have l>een already entered into, and laid before you. Times of Tranquillity are the proper Seasons for lessening the national Debt, and strengthening our- selves again It future Events; and, as the necessary Means for there Purposes, I mu ft recommend to you the Improvement of the publick Revenue, and the maintaining our naval Force in proper Strength and Vigour.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is itnpolfible for me to (peak to you on this Subject of the happy Re-establishment of the publick Tranquillity, without returning you my sincercft-Yhanks for the great and affectionate Support vou have given me in carrying on dais just and necessary War; in which not only the common Cause of Eur but our own Independency and essential Interests, were highly concerned; as the extraordinary Burthens which it brought upon mygood Subjects gave me much Uneasincis, so I could not but with to fee as I'pecdy an End put to them as possible. Whatever the Events of War may have been; the Bravery of my Troops has distinguished itself on every Occasion, to their lading Honour: And our lignal Successts at Sea mud ever be remembered, to rheGioryot the Fleet,

and entitle it to the particular Attention and Support of this Nation. You will further consider, that those brave Men, who have served well by Sea or Land, and cannot now be employed, justiy deserve to be the Objects of your Favour and Protection.

As my First Care has been to take the most early Measures that my People may, as soon as poflibie, reap the Benefits of Peace, lb I d juht not of your chearful Aflid-ance in perfecting this go (1 Wotk. Let me earned!)* recommend to y* u the Advar cement of our Commerce, and cultivating ;he Arts of Peace, in which you mr.y depend on my hearty Concurrence and Encouragement. It shall be my Endeavour to continue these Blessings by a punctual Execution of the Engagements now taken, and by maintaining the most perfect Harmony and good Correspondence with the Friends and Allies of

The Experience I have had of you makes me rely on the Zeal, Unanimity, and Dispatch of your Proceedings: And you may be allured, that nothing shall be wanting, on my Part, to make you a flourishing and happy People.

x-1* °° Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his

itecL* Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; and to congratulate his Majesty upon his safe and happy Return into these Kingdoms; to acknowledge, with the utmod Gratitude, his Majesty's condant Attention to the Good of his People; and to congratulate his Majesty upon the Succcfs of his Endeavours for redoring Peace to,

by the happy Conclusion of a Definitive Treaty, in which all his Maiedy's Allies have concurred, without Reserve; whereupon we cannot but admire his Majesty's wife Conduct. in his having been able to reconcile and adjud lb many jarring Intereds, and complete, in so short a Time, this great and necessary Work; to return his Majesty our Thanks for his great Goodness and tender Regard to his faithful Subjects, in'taking the fird Opportunity for redoing the publick Expences; and to acknowlcge no less his Majesty's Wisdom in recommending to us Economy, and the Improvement of the Revenue, To necessary in our present Circutnflances, not only for the Leflcning of the national Debt, but also for the drengthening ouriclves against future Events; a (Turing his Majesty, That we will aot fail, on our Parts, to pursue such Measures, as shall appear to us most conducive to these salutary Ends; to express our Satisfaction at the Notice his Majesty has been ple&fed to take of the Bravery of his Forces, both by Sea and Landman Honour which their Behaviour has most judly deferred; to acknowlege with Pleasure the gr.*at Importance of the Succcfles of the Fleet, and the Necessity of maintaining it b proper Strength and Vigour;

Vol. ly

667,

and to promise his Majesty, That all due Attention shall be paid to those brave Men, who haw signaltzed themselves in Defence of tin ir Country, during the Course of this War; to allure his Majesty, That we will grant him such Supplies as shall be judged necessary, for effectually securing the Peace and, Quiet of his Majesty's Government, and for preserving the Honour of the Nation, by making good its Engagements; and that, in ail our Deliberations and Actions, our chid Objects and Study shall be the Improvement of our Commerce, the Supporting and Strengthening of the public Credit, and thereby enabling his Majesty to make this Nation a flourishing and happy People, under the present auspicious Government of his Majesty, and that of his Royal Family, Co future Generations.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Mr Clui. Yorke, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hawkins Brown,

Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Fane, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mfl Har-

dinge, Mr. Walpole, Lord Vert Beau clerk, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fox, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Wm. , Mr.

Wejf, Mr Ellis, Mr. Gore, Mr. Harvey, Admiral Town-Jhend, Mr. Robinjin, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Planter, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Cha.Townshend, Mr Lord Hart'-ington, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Fairfax, Mr Mr.

ham, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Metlish, Mr. Montague, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr.

Tho. Gore, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bayn/Un, Mr. , Mr.

Hooper, Commodore Mitchell -, or any Five of them:

And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Ludlow Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Eluding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament' for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, in the room of Sir William Corbett Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tht Essex Clcik of the'Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. EleCling of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Robert Abdy Baronet, deceased.

\ m

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Se. Germain

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a rievv Writ, for the Writ. Ejecting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of St. Germans, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Richard Eliot, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Tamwonh Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the v'r" Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and If anvick, in the Room of Sir Henry Harpur Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bewdley the Clerk of the Crown, to make our a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bewdley, in the County of Worcester, in the room of William Bowles Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

2 90 Novembris.

664 3°° Novembris. . 1748.

Mereuriif 30 die Novetnbris;

Anno 32* Georgii 1I(> Reps, 1748. Prayer®.

Grand f\RD ERE D, That the Grand Committee for Religion

Committee*. v/ every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee <£dfred. That a Committee of Privileges and Elections of Privilege*, be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of Lord Dupplin, Admiral Vernon, Mr, West, Mr. Pobre, Major,

Mr. Ashe, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Fredrick, Mri Noel, General Onslow, Sir Charles Mr.

Norfhey, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Guybon, Sir Tho. Hales, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Willia, Sir Edward Hawke, Mr. Farrington, Mr. John Pitt, Colonel Stanwix, Mr, Brere-ton, Mr. Lock, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Hill, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Will. Pitt, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Pollen, Mr. FeHowes, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Medlycotl, Mr, Buller, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Rich. Grenville, Mr. Hooper, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Wodehonfe, Mr Mr. Maitland, Mr. John

Gore, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. Kent, Mr. Cha. Gore, Mr. Robinson, Lord George Sackville, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Winnington, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Proctor, Mr. Conyitgham, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Cary, Mr. Gul-fton, Colonel Bofcaweu, Mr. Neale, Mr. Jeffrys, Mr,

Betkell, Sir Tho. Wynne, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Robert Henley, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Henley, Lord ton. General Oglethorpe, Mr. Cha. , Mr. Haw. Broivne, Mr. Watson, Mr. Her. Walpole senior, Mr. Hot. Walpole junior, Mr. Brookfbank, Colonel Colonel Holmes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Bur-rard, Mr. Borne, Admiral Mathews, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Edgecombe, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Wortley, Lord Coke, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Willts, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Tuckfield, Lord Robert , Mr. Nefbittt, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Banks, Mr. Hen. Archer, Dr. Lee, Mr. Vitliers, Mr. Earle, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Affleck, Lord Trentham, Mr. Compton, Lord Cha. Douglas, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Offley, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Lord Robert Manners, Colonel Waldgrave, Mr. Charleton, Mr. Lambe, Lord Pe-tersham. Sir John Cust, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Owen, Sir Duncan Campbell, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Glanvil/e, Sir Edm. , Mr. Warburton, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Nath. Newn-ham, Mr. Bond, Sir Richard . Bampfylde, Mr. Rich. Lev. Gower, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Hynde Cotton, Mr, Proby, Mr. Wigley, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Browne, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Shirley, Mr. O'Brien, Mr. Rowney, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Tho. Newnham, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Gray, Mr. Grenville, Mr.

Mr. Oswald: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every day, Friday, and Monday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Confederation all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and

to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place:

And if any thing shall come inQuestion touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate:

And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right Usual to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve Order*, in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured (b to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence-to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour; and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given false Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that ho Person, so taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him: And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that from Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between ao

22 Geo. II, 5o° Noventh 66g

tTfuaI Temple-bar and Westminster-hall shall be kept free and Orders. open; and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Condnbles in Waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in

ninster-hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same put in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Sctjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Cutlody such Footmen as shall presume to duobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be dil'charged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Loling of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Pod-Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Podmaster-Gener.d, do, lor the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, con-flantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately alter the Rising of the House; and also on ever)' Friday, MonJay, and , from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon til! Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, dor ng his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Membcis, to whom they shall be directed, or to their know n Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That Ac Officer do, upon his going r.v.av, lock up Lcttc'.s as Hull remain undelivered;

:.:;d i ;uo Letter -be delivered but within the Hours

relaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Podmader

General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the fame, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That tire Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings ol Committees in a Morning, ader such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being fird perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing th reof; and that no l'erson, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Controverted Rc/ohed. Tint in all Cases of controverted Elctd ions Elections, for Counties in England to be heard at the

Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges

o

and FledioriH, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a c< nvenient Time to be appointed either by the House-, or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be belore the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting VoL. 25.

Members, or their Agents, Lids t>f the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the l'everal"

Heads of Objcdion; and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lids, on then-Part, to the Petitioners, Or their Agents.

The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, Address on appointed Yederday to draw up an Address to be pre- th* King's fented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn sP«ch. up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects* the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return your Majesty our unfeigned Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne, and to congratulate your Majesty on your safe and happy Return to these Kingdoms.

We acknowledge, with the utmod Gratitude, your Majesty's conllant Attention to the Good of your People; and beg Leave to congratulate your Majesty on the Success of your Endeavours for restorin Peace to Europe, by the happy Conclusion of a Definitive Treaty, in which all your Allies have concurred without Reserve; and we cannot, on this Occasion, but admire your Majesty's Wisdom and Conduct by which you have, in so short a l'pace-of Time, reconciled and adjuded so many jarring Intereds, and completed this great and necessary Work.

Permit us, Sir, humbly to return your Majesty our Thanks for your tender Regard to your faithful Subjects, in taking the fird Opportunity to reduce the publick Ex-pences, which has been done with unusual Dispatch; and wc acknowledge equally your Majesty's Wisdom, in recommending to us Economy, and the Improvement of the Revenue, both absolutely necessary in our present Circumdances, in order tt> lessen the national Debt, eale your PeopleHand drengthen ourfolves against all future Events; and we allure your Majesty, That ve will omit nothing which may conduce to those important and salutary Ends.

It gives the highed Satisfaction to your faithful Commons, that your Majesty has beep graciously plealed to take Notice oif the Bravery of your Forces by Sea and Land, an Honour their Behaviour has modly justly deferred; and we do allure your Majesty, that all due Attention shall be paid, on our Part, to the Services of those gallant Men, who have signalized themselves so glorioudf in Defence of their Country. i

We arc truly sensible of the Importance of that signal'

Succcls which has attended your Majesty's Arms at Sea; through the Course of the War; and are fully convinced how necessary it is to maintain oUr Fleets in perfect Strength and Order, even in Times of the most profound Peace.

Your faithful Commons beg Leave humbly to assure your Majesty, That they will grant such Supplies, as are ne-. ceflary to secure effectually the Peace and Tranquillity of your Majesty's Government, and to preserv the Honour: of the Nation, by making good its Engagements; and that the chief Objedsof our Consideration shall be, what your Majesty has so graciously and wifely recommended to us, the Improvement of our Commerce, the Supporting and Strengthening of publick Credit, and the Culti* vation of the Arts of Peace, that your Majesty may be' enabled to gratify your Royal Inclinations, by making this Nation a flourishing and happy People, under your auspicious Government, and that of your Royal Family, to future Generations.

The said Address being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

ReJ'olved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of

8 G his

The King's Speech to be considered.

Time appointed for receiving Ad-diets.

Jfnaref-

borough

Writ.

The King's Speech considered.

Supply,

Anfircr to Address.

Supply.

665 3 o° Novembris. — 1° — 50 — 6° Decentbris. . 1748.

his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Refilled, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Decembris; Anno 22° Georgii IP* Regis, 1748. Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Majesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint this Day, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, at his Palace of James.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Knarej, in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable Richard Arundel Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Pipe.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 5° die Decembris;

Anno 22° Georgii II*1 Regis, 1748. Prater*.

MR. Speaker reported. That the House, upon Thursday last, attended his Majesty with their Address: To which his Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you most heartily for this very affectionate Address.

You may rely upon my ready Concurrence with you in the Execution of all such Measures as will relieve my People as soon as possible, from the Burthens which the Exigencies of War have laid upon them, and procure to them the Blessings of a safe and lasting Peace.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, t» consider of the Motion, made upon Thursday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech toboth Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had

22

Come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Decembris;

Anno 22* Georgii IP* Regis, 1748. Praters.

THE House being informed, That some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses in Si. , in

the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1747; what has been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1748:

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the East India Warehouses at Leadenhall and Fenchurchstreet, in the Port of at Michaelmas

1747; what have been since brought in j what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1748:

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty's Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1747; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1748 t

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1747; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1748:

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses, at St. Helens, Fenchurch-street, Leaden, and Custom-

house, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1747, in order to be dyed, glazed, (Ac. what has been returned; and what remained out of the said Warehouses, at Michaelmas 1748:

N° 6. An Account of naval Stores imported from Raffia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1748: -

N° 7. An Account of naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Michaelmas 1747 to Michaelmas 1748 i And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Thursday last. That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved ', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution bei*g read a Second tim$; Resolved. Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Orderedt

East India prohibited Goods* &c.

Supply,

42 Geo. II.

6* — 7* Decetnbris.

66i

Navy and Army Kf. t-mates, &c.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Majesty, intituled, An Act for the thore effectual Trial Navy, for the Year 1749, with the Half-pay of the and Puniftunent of High Tfeafon, and Misprision of Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House. Treason, in the Highlands of it is, among

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this other Things, enacted, That no Sheriff Depute, in any House, an Account of the Charge of the Transport- Shire in shall be capable of being elected, or

Service, for the Year 1748

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Expence of the victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, for the Year 174?.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the Office

of fitting or voting as a Member of the House of " CommonsThat notwithstanding the said Charles Maitland, as Commissioner for the Buigh of,

did give his Vote at the said Election for himself, to be Member for the said District of Burghs, and did induce

Services not provided for.

Dispofoion of Grams.

Surplus of

Aggregate

Fund, dec.

of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1749, belaid Two other Commissioners also to give their Votes for before this House. him, and did obtain a Return from the Sheriff of Forfar

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, of himself, as the Burgess elected for the said District: Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1749, be That the Commissioners for the Burgh of the

laid before this House. presiding Burgh, and Brichen, gave their Votes for the

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Petit ioner: Wherefore the Petitioner apprehends. That Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who he was duly elected, and ought to have been returned, as are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1749, be laid before the said Charles Maitland was by Law incapable of being this House. elected, as his Incapacity was then objected, and was no-

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, torious to all the Electors, and, in particular, well known of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, to the said Charles Maitland himself: And therefore pray-for the Year 1749. ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration;

Ordered, That an Account of the Services incurred, and give the Petitioner such Relief as to the House shall and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this seem meet.

House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year February next. 174S, have been disposed of, distiugoished under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

shewing the Monies arisen within the respective Half Years enuing at Lady-day and Michaelmas lift, a> well of

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon ‘Thursday the ad Day of

A Petition of Lancelot Allgood Esquire, was presented Norfbuou to the H.mfe, and read; complaining of an undue Return for the County of Northumberland. " Ekdwo.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Petition be heard.

or for the Excels or Surplus 01 the Fund commonly at the Bar of this House, upon Tuesday the 14th Day of called the Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or February next.

Surplus of the hund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as allb, of or for the Excels or Surplus oi the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Mitberoe- A Petition of Jeffery French Esquire, was presented to FwtEfeAioa. the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of in the County of Somerset.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Matter of the said Petition be heard at the Bar of this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 70 die D;

Anno 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

P a AY SR 9.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Aafwcrt* Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be Addrrf*. graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

sss: fits; «£*.* *.

f Citmm ivitk OrtiniAn *

Supply.

Call of the House.

the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That this House be called over upon Tuesday the 17th Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do write circular Letters to the Sheriffs and Stewards of the several Counties of Great Britain, requiring the Attendance of the Members of the House, upon 'Iucfday the 17th Day of January next.

Aberbro-thock, *ci. Ele&on.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come‘to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

A Petition of David Scott Esquire, was presented to resolve itself into a Committee of tbu; whole

the House, and read; fetring forth. That at the Election to wnfider further of the Supply granted to his

of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the Burghs of Majesty.

Aberbrothock, Aberdeen, Inverbervie, Montrose, and Brichen, upon the 13th Day of June 1748, the Petitioner, and Charles Maitland Advocate, then and long after Sheriff Depute of the Shire oi Edinburgh, appeared as Candidates: That by an Act made in the 11st Year of his present Vol. 25.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ho niton Election.

Klenckc's

Nat.

Expiring

Laws.

Supply.

Way* and Means.

Sutherland

Election.

668 8°< — 90 £>ecembris. 1748.

Jovis,8® die;

Anno 22® Georgii lldi Regis, 1748. Prayers.

A PETITION of Henry Reginald Courtenay Esquire, was presented to the Hotife, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the Hopfe.

A Petition of Martin Klencke was presented to the House, and read; praying, That a Bill may be brought in for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hay and Mr. Powney do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are lit to be revived or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Sir John , Mr. West, Mr. Mellish, Lord Egmont, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Fane, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Ash, Mr. Noel, Mr. Mr. Williams, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Hay, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Child, Sir Henry Monro, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Oswald,. Mr. , Sir Lud. Grant,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Finch, Mr. Younge, Mr. Neale, Mr, Colleton, Mr. Sergifon, Mr.

Rigby, Mr. Plumer, General Anstruther, Mr. Morton, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Townshend,'Mr. Herbert, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Robinson; apd all the-Gentfemen of the Long-Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. L

' Mr. Fane, according tq Order, reported, from the ‘Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the < Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at. the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Seventeen thousand Seamen.be employed for the Sea Service, for the Year 1740, beginning the First of

ytoMjfffc ‘T? \

' Rejmvtd, That- it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Four founds Manner Month, be allowed lhf maintaining the said Seventeen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon rhe.Question feveiajly put thereupon,. agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into'a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Wap and MeaVis for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

?A Petition of I ieutcnant-General James St. was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Sutherland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideraticm of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that theydo examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtrier is 90 die Decembris 5

Anno -22® Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

riRDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Wortham to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, W* for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Horjha, in the County of Sussex, in the room of the Honourable Charles Ingram Esquire, deceased.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, farnborough Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Kent, living in and near the Road leading from Farnborough, in the said County of Kent, to a Place called in

the Parish of Sevenoakes, in the same County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road (being Eleven Mites or thereabouts, and the Post Road from London to Tunbridge Wells, in the said County, and to Rye, in the County of Sujex) is greatly in Decay, by

great and heavy Carriages to these and several other trading Towns frequently passing, as well as by Coaches to and from Lotidon to Tunbridge Wells, and several other Parts; and that the said ltoad is, in-many Places, very narrow and incommodious, so that Carriages are frequently hindered and delayed in the said Road: And, in regard the said Road oartnot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually widened and amended, without feme other Provision be made for that Purpose, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and repairing the Road aforesaid.'

Ordered That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioreof aXJommitttee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Smyth, Lord D«p/>/«, Sir John Norris, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Northey, Mr.

Hooper; Mr. Bacon, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Brook/bank, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Lyster, Sir-'

John Cust, Commodore Mitthell, Mr.c Lord

Middlesex, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Henley, Admiral Townshend, Mr.' Jtnyns,

Mr. Morton, Mr. Charlton, Mr. 'Gulston, Admiral Vernon,

Mr. Maitland, Mr. Townshend\ Mr. Nd/Jau, S\r Wm.

Yonge, Mr; Colleton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Dimmer, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Gwynne, Mr.

General Oglethorpe,- Mr. Taylor, MV. Clayton, Colonel-Powlett-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surrey, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in: the Speaker's -Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: '; ' ' '

Resolved, That this House willTeipeive no Petitions for Private Bills, private Billsaftef the 9th Day of February next. (

Thev Order of the Day being read ;....

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for railing Means, thte Supply granted to his Majesty. '

Mr. Speaker left die Chair. ,:

Mr. Fane took the Chairof tire Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. k

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Refutation; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. ‘ '

Ordtr'ed,

22 Geo. II. 9® — ia® — i

f lered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mi . Fane also acquainted the Hdufe, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Derby Writ. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a now Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, in the room of the Honourable John Stanhope Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 12° die Dectmbris;

Anno *a® Georgii IP1 Regis, 174!.

PSAYIRS.

Ktmckc's \/|R. Flay presented to the House, according to Or-fc«. JLVJL der, a Bill for naturalizing Martin: And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Law retpeft- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ing to the amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of S°kTn cnt Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships, Vcti'els, and Forces by Sea:

And that the Lord Bat rirgion, the L rd Fere , the Lord Duncannon, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

dington, and Mr. Corbett, do prepare, and bring in, the

lame.

Wjvl Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the C >mmittee had directed him to report to the House; winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1749, be further continued and charged upon ail Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be made for Sale, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d Day of June 1749, to the 24th Day of June 1 75?*

The said Resolution, beingread a Second time, was, upon thcQuestion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Campbell of , Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. George,

Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Farn bo rough Ordered, That the Earl of A Mr. Beaghan,

Roads. Lord Fete Beauclerk, Mr. Darner, Lieutenant-General John Campbell, Mr. Biffe Richards, Mr. , Mr.

rington, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Carey, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Kent, living in and near the Road leading from

Farnborough, in the County of , to a Place called

Voi». 25.

i° Decembris. 66g

Riverhill, in the Parish of Setenoakes, in the same County, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martisy 130 die Decembris;

Anno 22* Georgii 11" Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

APET1TI ON of the Owners and Proprietors of Wood-Land, lying dispersed in the open and common heylnclosures Fields of East Woodhey and Hollington, otherwise Hollhamp-ton, in the Parish of Raft Woodhey, in the County of Southampton, and of a certain Down in East Woodhey aforesaid, called East Woodhey Down, was presented to the House,' and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have agreed to divide and indofe the said open and corhmon Fields and Down, and to assign to the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof their Shares and Proportions, according to their respective I nterefts therein; and that each of them will accept and take such Proportion or Proportions, as shall be assigned for that Pufpole; but that, although the said Division and Inclosure will tend to the publ'clc Good, and be a great Advantage to the several Parties! concerned, yet the same cannot beeffectually established, to answer the Intention of the Persons interested in the lame, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament:

And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the ' open and common Fields and Down aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Metcalfe and Mr. Carmichael do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill der, a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Duties oa Cvder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called l*&c* England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties U|>on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of William Piers Esquire was presented to Well* the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election Election, and Return for the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Notice having been taken in the House, That the said Petition is a Petition of the last Session renewed, as well in the Name ot George Speke Esquire, as in the Name of the said William Piers Esquire, agreeable to the former Petition, but is not now ligned by thetaid Mr. Speke And the Journal of the House of the 24th Day of January 1728,in relation to the Petition of Sir John Lambert Baronet, presented to the House upon the 22d Day of January preceding, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough of Westbury, in the County of Wilts, as well in the Name of Anthony Ccrmfh Esquire, as in the Name of the said Sir John Lambert, and the Instruction given to the Committee of Privileges and Electionsthereupon, being read; x

On/ere<i, That it bean Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That they do proceed only upon so much of the said Petition of the said Mr Piers, as relates to Mr. Piers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear so much of the Matter of the

8 H Rud

6jo 13* — 14* — 15* — 16° Decembris. 174?.

laid Petition, as relates to the said Mr. Piers, upon Friday the 24th Day of February next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 14.0 die Decembris \

Anno 22* Georgii II. Regis, 1748. Prayers.

Jl/TAR TIN K/encke took the Oaths appointed, in or* '*' der to his Naturalization.

Supply BHIj A Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum* Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called t,*e. England-, and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties

upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BUI.

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clauseof Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1749, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1747, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1749.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereuntoi which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the (kmc.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Se* vennient, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ways Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-and Means, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, toconfidePfurther of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die Decembris;

Anno 22* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1748. Prayers.

Supply Bill; fI ' H E Order of the Day being read, for the House

Duties on X to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Malt, fee. House> upon the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain

Venerts, 16° die Decembris;

Anno 22° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Metcalfe presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing Woodhey

Woodhey Down, and the open and common Fields of East lndofure. Woodhey and Hollington, in the County of Southampton, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose:

And the same was received; and read the First time,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Army suant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate*.

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1749: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1749.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The laid Estimates are as follow; viz.

t

16° Decembris.

22 Gfio. II.

ESTIMATE of the Charge c fhis Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces* in Great Britain, for the Year 1749.

Horse.

'First Troop of Guards Second D* - -

First Troop of Grenadier Guards Seco nd D* - -

.Royal Regiment of Guards

r First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D*

Third D*

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Earl of Crawfor

Dragoons./ Lieutenant-General Blands

' Sir Robert Rs -

Earl of Rothes's.

Sir John Ctpds -

Viscount Cob3-

, Lord Mark Kerr's -

r First Regiment of Foot Guards Second D* ——

Third D*....

Lieutenant-General Thomas Howard's Regt. Lieutenant-General Ba -

Lieutenant-General Gs -Colonel BocklancTs -

Lieutenant-General P -

Colonel Herbert's -

Lord George Sackville' % - -

Lieutenant General Ca -

Lieutenant-General Hn/ke's ... Earl of /incram's ....

, Major-General Cholmondeley's -

Foot.

Invalids.

f Colonel Wardour's Regiment -125 Independent Companies -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle Contingencies.

Total - -

Nanber*.

l8t

181

*77

176

137

426

.85

*85

285

285

285

285

285

285

*85

1,641

1,054

*»°54

8*5

8*5

815

8.5

8.5

8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

5*5

1,300

*,05*

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 36$ Days.

3*76

*a,7*4

m

m m

1,815

18,857

*7,349

*7,349

10,870

*0,743

26,876

s. d. *S 4

*3

18

3

3

4

4

4

4

*,547

14.676

*4,676

14.676

14.676

*4*676

14.676

14.676

*4,6/6

14.676

14.676

3 4

— 10

--- 19

--- IO

-- IO

— IO

-- IO

--- IO

— IO

-- IO

-- IO

4S»*°4

49,34*

*9,376

*5,»*7

*5,217

*5,2*7

*5.*7

15,217

*5.«‘7

15,2*7

*5.4*7

*5,4*7

*5,4*7

*5,4*7

*7

*3

8

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

9

6

4

4

2 a 2 a 2 2 2 2 2 2 2

9»9°6

22,584

37>°46

20,000

total.

*4

7 6

*9 7

- -

1C- Sm

33,189 *

168,307 11 t

«7*»*95 — "

34,49* 8

57,046 19 7 612,230 4 7

War-Office,

15th December 1748.

H.Fox.

Supply Bill Dttits on Malt, Sec.

672 16' — 19° Decembris. A. 1748.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, , and,

for the Year 1749.

Pay of the

♦ i Numbert. Regiment*, &c.for TOTAL.

1 ' j 365 Day*.

In the PLANTATIONS.

J . w ': £. /. Sm

General DalzelVs Regiment -: - - - 394 «. m 9,748 IO JO 1 f

Lieutenant-Generall Phillips' % - - 815 ' - "15,217 9 2 1

Colonel Trelawney's . - - - - -- 815 - ' ‘ - 15,381 14 2

4 Companies at New Fork - ~ - - - - 445 J - L, n , 7,141 10 8 9

1 Company at Bermudas ... - - 5* ' - 1,049 7 6

t Company in the Bland of Providence - - 150 m 2,466 15 10

3 Companies at South Carolina - - - J45 - $.830 *7 6 ",

- 3,021 56,836 it 8

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Canso, Placentia, and St.

John - - - - 2,870 12 6

MINORCA. - -

Lieutenant-General Skelton's Regiment - - - *15 - 15,217 9. 2'

Lord Henry Beauclerk's — - - ~ - - m 815 ~ - 15,217 9 2

Lieutenant-General Johns- - - 815 - 15,217 9 2 ,

Colonel Dejean's - - - 8.5 15,217 9 2

3,260 60,869 *6 8

Officers of the Garrison - - - m - - 6,371 18

GIBRA:

Lieutenant-General lV.olfe' % - - - - 815 - 15,217 9

Lord George Beauclerk's - - - 815 15,217 9 2

Colonel Leighton's - - - - *»5 - 15,217 9 2

Major-General Fleming's> - - - - 815 m m 15,217 9 2

| f 3,260 . 60,869 16 8

3>749 12

Provisions for Lieutenant-General Phillips's Regiment, - '

in Garrison at Athtapolic Royal, Canjo, and , -

deducting 4 d. perDjmout of the Subsistence of each -

Non-commission Officer and private Man towards ' - V . A '

that Expence: i. 1 1

Remains, to-be borne by the Government - - - - 0> m - 2,839 7 II

Provisions for the several Regiments at Gibraltar - ' ' - 24,000 — —

Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence 456 —

. 27,295 12 n

— Total m ‘ " - 9>542 - - - £ 218,864 1 5i

-War Office, 15th December 1748.

1- <- H. Fox.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Dunce, 19* die Decembris',

Anno 22® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Scropepresented to the House, pursuant to their 3ttrplusses.

Address to his Majesty,

Surpluses Hated at Lady-day 1748: And also.

Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1748.

And the Titles of the said Surpluses were read.

The said Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Abstract of the Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1748, is as followeth; viz.

1

D

co'

r~H

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

o

o

r

VA

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

co

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1748; tix. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1.

Surplus of the South-Sea Company's hund, brought from Account, Fo. 2. Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3.

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1748, for the Purposes following, per Act a i* Geo. 2 , Page 760 and 761; viz.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1746 -

To replace to this Fund the like Suin paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1747 -To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to anftrer a Year's In-Ureft, due at Michaelmas 1747, after the Rate of £. 3. lot. per Cent, per Amain, 011 the principal Sum of £. 1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the

Year 1745....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the addititional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1747 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sam paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors at

Lady-day 1747....

To replace »o this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glassand spirituous Liquors at Midsummer 1747

iy

£‘ ». i.

2&>.595

10,460

190,804

8 7» 8 al 17 10J

£ *. d. 7.«»8 5 9

13,660 18 6

35,000 ——

29,765 19 5

16,36, 8 5 34>i77 7 3i

47M60 14 8i

13M84 19 4}

612,945 14 1

Per Contra

By Haifa Year's Annuity, dne at Chridnas 1747, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent. «in the principal Sum of £. 600,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Serrice o[ the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act ef Geo. a*1, Page 492, iB

that Behalf.....-

By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Neceflurk* furwiflied the Office, for paying the said

Annuities....

By Half a Year's A onury, doe Lady-day 1748, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.300,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Waji-rfy, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Act n* Geo. i4i, Page 642, in

that lkhalf ....

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmns 1747, being after thr Rate of £. 3 per Cent, on the "principal Sum of£.800,000 teuton Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Act 15* Geo. r. Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year*a Allowance, for Charges of Mauagcment of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf ——

By Cash takeu to answer Haifa Year's Interest, due at Indy-day 1746, being after the Rate of £. 3. 10s.per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sam of £. i,oo©/k»o lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which w ere continued for Six Years, from Indy-day 175 3, towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Act 18* Geo. a4i; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 21*2, in that Behalf -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmut 1747, pursuant to the Act 4* Geo. iP, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said

Act, Page 464 - ....

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of €d. per Onnce on wrought Plate, at Indy-day 1748, pursuant to the Act 6* Geo. i — . Page 294, in that Behalf -By Cash taken in full of £. 1,000,000, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, far the Service of the Year 1747* pursuant to the Act 20* Geo. <r, rage 808, in that Behalf By Cash taken iu Part of£. 1,000,000 for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1748, pursuant to the Act 21° Geo. 2*, Page 747, in.that Behalf

£ * d-

9,000 -

4 7

4.500 ——

12,000 — — 225 — —

17.500 ——

7,1*0 5 3,93'J 6 2

335.742 — c| 222,861 14 1$

6*2,945 ‘4

This being the One-and-fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Act 9» Geo. ial. Page 367, is bumWy presented, this 19th Day of December 1748, by me,

J. Scra

The Abllrad-of the Sttrplufle* Hated at Mickubnai 1748, ie as followeth,

H

er

n

OSv

22 Geo. II. 190 Decemi/is.

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND -

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1748; viz. Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1 -

Surplus of the South-Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Fo. a Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3

- D*

£. t. d

370,394 7

- 33,059 >6 5s

- 224,618 3 9I

628,07a 7 5

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

4

Per Contra -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1748, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.600,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Ad 9 Geo. 2", Page 492, in that Behalf ——

By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Office, for paying the said Annuities By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Michaelmas 1748, being after the Rate of £. 3 pei Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.300,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Ad n* Geo. 2d*, Page 642, in that Behalf -

By Haifa Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1748, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 800,000, lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Ad 15* Geo. 2, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf ——

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Hal fa Year's Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf ——

By Cadi taken to answer Half a Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 1748, being after the Rate of £.3. 10 Per Gmt per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Ad 18° Geo. 2dl; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, aspcrClause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf - -

By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties payable to his Majesty for Licences to retail spiritucus Liquors, at Lady day 1748, pursuant to the Ad 190 Geo. ldl, to answer £ 4 per Cent, per Annum Interest on £. 986,800 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 161, in that Behalf ——

By Cadi taken to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1748, pursuant to the Ad 180 Geo. 2di, to answer Annuities on Single Lives, and other Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on £. 2,000,000 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 358, in that Behalf ——

By Cadi taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties upon Glass and upon spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1748, pursuant to the Ad 19* Geo. 2d,to answer Annuities at £.4per Cent, per Annum on £.3,000,000 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 291 and 292, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1748^0 answer£.3 per Cent.per Annum Interest on £.500,000 charged thereupon, pursuant to the Ad 10 Geo. 2dl; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 351, in that Behalf By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Michaelmas 1748, pursuant to the Ad 20 Geo. 2df, to answer Annuities at£*4perCent. per Annum on £.4,400,000 charged thereupon, and on £.2,475 per Annum for Charges of Management; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 142, in that Behalf -By Cash taken in further Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majeshr, for the Service of the Year 1748, pursuant to the Ad 21* Geo. 2^, Page 747, inthatBehalf -

O

9,000 - —

79 — {

4,500 — 12,000 — -w»

225 ——

,7»S°o ——

9.308 7 4

*3>*97 »* 5i

33,804 13 1}

13,827 12

28,288 15 484,261 7

Os

628,072 7 5

This being the Two-and-fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 9* Geo. 1*1, Page 367, is humbly presented, this 19th Day of December 1748, by me,

J. Scrape

190 Decembris. J. 1748.

22 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sutton, Ire. A Petition of the several Perfotis, whose Names are Drainage, thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the Manors of Sutton and Alepal, in the Ijleof and County of Cambridge, and of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepall,

sham, and Pidley with Fenton aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, and in a certain extraparochial Place in R\al Fen, within the of and County

ot Cambridge aforesaid, was presentrd to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, lying in the Places above-mentioned, and containing about Twelve thousand Acics (the greatest Part whereof is within the P.irfhes of Sutton, Chatteris, and Mepall, aforesaid) have of late Years been frequently oveiflowed and greatly annoyed with Water, by reason of the Decay of the Outtall for issuing and discharging the Land-water to the Sea, and are thereby greatly diminished in their Value; and that it is apprehended, that, unless some Remedy be speedily provide i, the same Land:> will be totally loft, or ot very li tie Value or Ul'e, to the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioners to imbank and drain the said Linds, in such manner as to the House shall seem m> er.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committeee: And that they do examine the Matter the:t )f; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is reterred to Mr. Mr. Torke, Lord

Dupplin, Loid Barrington, Mr. Admiral

hend, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sanays, Mr. H eft, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Smstb, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Finch, Lc. Bury, L ord , Admiral Mitchell, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Hay, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Henley, Mr Martin, Mr. Williams, Mr. Mr. Affleck, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Kent, Mr. , Mr.

hend, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Dr.

Lee, Mr. Reynolds; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sunply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Duties upon Malt,

Dunes oo Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain *c‘ called England; and for granting to his Majesty certain Duties u; on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, in that Part of Great Britain called; for the Service of the

Y.ar One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be;'An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for <the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tamwoith Ordered, That Mr.-Speaker do issue his Warrant to

Writ, the C'etk of the Crown, to make out new Writs, for the Elccting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, in the room of the Honourable Thomas Villiers Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Famborough Mr. Sydney Stafford reported from the Com-

Roadt. mittee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Kent, living in and near the Road leading from Earn borough, in the said County of Kent, to a Place called Vot. 25.

Riverhill, in the Parish of SeveHoakes, in the same County,-whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the following Witm-ffes were examined; viz.

Mr. Francis Austen: Who said. That he is well acquainted with the Road described in the Petition, which is Eleven Miles in Length, and much frequented by Carriages and Hurfemen: That most Part of it is in a very ruinous Condition, and extremely inconvenient to Passengers; for in several Places the Road is so narrow, as not to admit Two Carriages to pals one another, nor even a Passenger on Horltback to pass by a Carriage:

That the Witness himlelt has been frequently obliged to get over into the Fields to avoid a Carriage: That at the bottom of Marmfcott llillis a deep hollow Way, which was absolutely impassable last Year for the Space of a Month, being filled i.p with Snow: That 'tis impossibla for the several Parishes, through which the said Road leacF,sufficiently to repair the same by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the Road is so narrow in many Places, that 'tis impracticable to render it commodious without a Power to compel the Owners of Lands on each Side to dispose of such Part of their Property as may be necessary for that Pu pole.

The Reverend Mr Thomas Curtis confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Austen in every Particular: And added.

That he (the Witness) had been often obliged to quit the Road at the Bottom of Marmfcott Hill, on account of the Snow last Winter, as well on Ilorfeback as in his Chaise.

The Witness added, That he had been Surveyor of such Part of the said Road as lies in the Parish of Seven -oak (which is about Three Miles) for Three Years lait past; during which time the Statute-work had been constantly done, and a Rate of 6 d. in the Pound had been levied on the Inhabitants, which had been applied towards the Repairing of the said Road: That the Witness had not yet settled his Accounts as Surveyor; but he believes he has laid out about Fifty Pounds of his own Money, besides the 6 d.in the Pound, as aforesaid, and yet the Roads are In a very ruinous Condition:

That great Part of the Road is worn yery hollow, and there are many Quicksands in it.

Mr. Peter IVinn, Mr. Robert Cockett, Mr. Ashton, Mr.

Know, and Mr. Infell, the several Surveyors of the Road for the Parishes of Famborough, Chevening, Otford, and Chelsfield, through which the said Road leads, being severally examined, all agreed. That though the Statute-work had been constantly performed, the Road was very bad; and that it was impossible to amend the same by the ordinary Course of Law: And Mr. Cockett, Surveyor fi r the Parish of Chevening, added, That a Rate even of Five Shillings in the Pounds would be insufficient to repair such Part or the Road as lies within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring m a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-weft End of the Town or Ullage of Fan:borough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called in the Parish of Sevenoakes, in the said County: And that Mr. Sidney Stafford Smythe, the Lord and

Mr. Hay, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for naturalizing Martin Klencke, was read a jciencke1 Second time. Nat.

ResolvedfWizX the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hill, Mr. Smyth, Mr.

Plumer, Mr. IVebfter, Mr. West. Lord Geo. Sackvi/le,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Mr. Guy bon, Mr. Hale, Mr. Fe Howes, Mr. Cleveland, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Hume, Mr. Bacon, Admiral ', Mr.

Qharlts Yorke, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Plumptre,

190 Decembris*

Supply.

Ways and Means.

Whit well's Name.

Pontefract

Writ.

Christ-

Church

Writ.

XVacke's

Nat.

676 19® — 22* Decembris. A- 1748.

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Clay ion, Mr. Abercrombie, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Martin: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon last,

for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Wednesday next, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling John Griffin TVhitzvell Esquire, and his liTue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Griffin: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Morn*

ing next. Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Decembris;

Anno 22° Georgii 11"" Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do ifftaehis Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Eiefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Pont frail, in the County of York, in the room of the Honourable William Monck-

ton Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Receiver-General of his Majesty's Crown and Fee-farm Rents in the several Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland, and Archdeaconry of Richmond, and Counties of and Cumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eiefting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christ-Church, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Edward Hooper Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Borough, had accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Martin , was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrolZld.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing Woodhey Down, and the open and common Fields of East Woodhey and Hollington, in the County of pursuant to an

Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Beuhier, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Mr. Fairfax,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Powrny, Mr. Fredrick, Mr. John Frederick, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Poore, Mr.

son, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Hay, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Plumpere Mr. Mr.

Plumer, Mr. Breretm, Sir Peter Warren, Sir Peter fou, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Braffey, Mr. Lockyear, Mr. Martin, Mr. Smythe-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Berks, and JVilts: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Sydney Stafford Smythe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-weft End of the Town or Village of Fornborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverkilt, in the Pardh of Seven-takes, in the said County: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Sir Joseph Ayloffe, Clerk to the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from October 27th 1747, to November 15th 1748, both indufive: And also.

Accounts of tire Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from *pth September *747, to apth September 1748.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said State and Accounts, were read.

The laid Books are bound up with the other Papess of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, was presented to the House, and read; fettrng forth. That the Petitioners, under the Authorityand Encouragement of a Royal and exclusive Charter, granted in the Year 1672, laid out very great Sums of Money in purchasing, building, and maintaining, a great Number of Fottsamd Settlements on the Coast of in Exportation of carrying on and enjoying the Trade tothofe Parts; and that the Parliament was, in the Year 1697, pleased to lay the said Trade open in all his Majesty's Subjects; but at the same time, and many times since, to declare, that the said Forts and Settlements were necessary topro-test the Brit iff Trade to Africa-, and that as the Nation in sencral have ever since enjoyed the Benefi* of this most valuable Trade, under the Protection of the said Forts anc! Setrmeats, the Parliament has, towards enabling the I'cijtioners to lupponand maintain the fame, beenpkafed

to

East Wo-kT heyincloiurc.

Supply Bill; Duties on Malt, &c.

Farnborough

Road.

Westminster

Bridge.

African

Company.

Royal A flint «a a Bill.

Lmtc of Absence.

Grundy's

Name.

2 2 Geo. II. 2i° De<embris. — \o Januarii. 6 77

to grant them sundry Aids at different times; but that the Charge and Expence thereof has so greatly exceeded all the said Parliamentary Allowances, and the Petitioners utmost Endeavours, that the Petitioners have been obliged to contract several considerable Debts, amounting to about One hundred thousand Pounds } and that the Petitioners have for many Years struggled with their Difficulties (till increasing upon them, in hopes of the more effectual Aid and Support of the Legislature: And repre-fentingto the House, That their Debts remain unpaid; their Credit is greatly impaired both at home and abroad; and their Forts and Settlements, of great and inestimable Value with respect to the Trade depending thereon, in Danger of going to Decay, and falling into the Hands of foreign Nations, Rivals to (he Trade; and as the

Importance of this Trade to his Majesty's Colonies in America is well known, and as the Preservation thereof is allowed principally to depend upon the Maintenance and Support of the Petitioners Forts and Settlements, therefore praying the House, on behalf of themselves, and their Creditors, to take the Premises into Consideration; and grant such lading Encouragement to the Petitioners, as may enable them to pay their Debts, and keep and maintain their said Forts and Cadies in a defensible Condition, for the Protection of a free and open Trade of all his Majesty's Subjects to the Coast of Africa; or to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Mr.Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty'sCora-mand, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr.

Bellenden, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to One publick Bill; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine.

And then the House adjourned till ‘Tuesday Fortnight, the 10th Day of January next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

Martisy 10° die

Anno 22* Georgii IP* Regis, 1748.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Leg have Leave to go to the Rath, upon account of the Indisposition of his Lady, who is going thither.

A Petition of Samuel Swinfen, heretofore called Samuel

Grundy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Samuel Swinfen, late of London, Merchant, the Petitioner's late Uncle, by his last Will, dated 20th August 1742, did give and devise to Trustees therein named, and their Heirs, the Manor or Lordship of Swinfen, in the Parish of Weeford, in the County of Stafford, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, and all other his Manors and Freehold Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in or near Swinfen aforesaid, or elsewhere in the said County of Stafford (chargeable with the Payment of certain Annuities for Lives by the said Will given) to the Use of the Peti-Vot. 25.

tioner, for his Life; Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Uses; Remainder to the Issue Male of she Petitioner, succesliTely, with other Remainders over.: Atid by his said Will bequeathed all his Leasehold Estate in the said County of Stafford, in Trust, for the Petitioner, and such other Person and Persons, and for such Estates, and Under such Limitations, as in the said Will are limited concerning the said Freehold Estate in the said County of Stafford; to the end the fitid Leasehold Premises might be held and enjoyed, with the said Freehold Premises, so long as may be, and tire Laws will permit: Which De-vifts and Limitations of the said Manor of Swinfek, and other the Testator's Freehold and Leasehold Estates in the said County of Stafford, were so made upon condition that the several Persons, by his said Will intended to take any beneficial Estate therein (whose Surnames were hot fen) should, within Six Months next after they should fd-verally come into thfe actual Possession of the said Premises, or any Part thereof, take upon him and them respectively the Surname of Swinfen, and should endeavour to procure an Act of Parliament as loon as might be for that Purpose: And that the said Teftatordiedon the a6th Day of November last; and the said several Freehold and Leasehold hftates, under the Limitations in the said Will, being come to, and veiled in, or in Trust for, the Petitioner, he hath taken upon himself and used the Surname of Swiriftn; and is desirous that the same Surname, and alFj the Arms of Swinfen, should be established upon him, and the Heirs Male of hi. Body, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. William Leveson Gower, and Mr. Chetwynd do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before thi5 House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Income of the additional Impofton all Wifies imported, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of Parliament of the 18th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Income of the additional Ratesand Duties on Glass Wares and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty s Reign.

Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the Manors of Sutton and Mepall, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cam-

bridge, ana of Somersham and Ridley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Somersham,

and Ridley with Fenton aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Dodditsgton, and in a certain extraparochial Place in Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge aforesaid, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read i and is as followeth j Viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Committee examined the following Witnesses; viz.

Mr. John Low: Who said, That he was well acquainted with the Lands mentioned in the Petition, which have been always overflowed in wet Seasons, and are this Year more lb than ever: That these Lands cannot be drained by the common Tax of Bedford Level; but that a Fall might be made, sufficient for that Purpose, by the Help of Mills.

8 K That

Import on

Wines

imported.

Duties on Glass Wares.

Sutton, &c. Drainage,

678 10° — ii° — 16° A> 1748.

That the Lands are about io or 12,000 Acres, which, when drained, would be worth 8r. an Acre; but, in their present Condition, are worth little or nothing.

Mr. Thomas Johnson confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Low: And added, That he knew One Farm, confiding of 430 Acres, which had formerly been lett for 200 per Annum, but that the Rent was now reduced to £. 130 per Annum, the Lands being more liable to be overflowed of late, from the Defect of the Outfall for discharging the Land-water.

Mr. William Robson confirmed the above Evidence in every Particular.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining and preservingcertain FenLandsand low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called in the Isle of Ely

and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of mersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon: And that Mr. the Lord and

Mr. Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Farnboroogh A Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-weft End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called River hill, in the Parish of in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Geo.

Sackville, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Burr el, Mr. Compton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Guybbon, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Noel, Mr. Prowse, Admiral Mitchell, Mr. Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Gore, Colonel Mojlyn, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Carter, Mr. Doddingion, Admiral hend, Mr. White, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. Sir

Thomas Wynne, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Affleck, Earl of Egmont, Sir John Cust, Colonel Abercombie, Mr. hend. Colonel Selvoyn, Mr. Hunter, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Maitland; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, Surry, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, n° die Januarii

Anno 220 Georgii II" Regis, 1748.

Pea vers.

State of the /ORDERED, That a State of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy Debt. L/ as it stood at Christmas last, be laid before

this House.

Seamen. Ordered, That the proper Officers do jay before this House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1747, to the 31st December 1748, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered in the Service.

Whitwell'i An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Name. for enabling John Griffin Whitwell Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Griffin, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Amyand, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fane, Colonel Hallyburton, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Farrington, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Tho. Gore, Sir Rich. Lloyde, Earl of Egmont, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Williams, Mr. Lee, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Syden-

ham, Mr. Plumptre, Sir Thomas Bootle, Dr. Lee, Mr. Smythe, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Earle, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Hor. Ad-

miral Townshend, Sir Wm. Beau. Problor, Mr. Guybbon, Mr. Saville, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Norlhey, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Kynaston\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Berks, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Martin Klencke, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Martin Klencke.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. William Leveson Gower presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable Samuel Grundy, now called Samuel Swinfen, znd their Heirs Male of his Body,

to take and use the Surname and Arms of: And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes

of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunay16° die

Anno 22* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Income of the additional Impost on all Wines imported, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, by an Act of Parliament of the 18th Year of his Majesty's Reign: And also.

An Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Income of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass Wares and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, by an Act of Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

Klencke'i

Nat.

Grundy*

Name.

Sutton, See. Drainage.

Supply.

Wav* and Meant.

Duties on Wines and Glass Wares.

12 Geo. II.

16° Januarii.

679

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

Am ACCOUNT of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Income of the additional Impost on all Wines imported, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, by an Act of Parliament of the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; viz.

For Annuities for Lives ——

For the Bank, for Annuities at 3 Cent, per Amtm -D* for Charges of Management - -

£ d.

11,091 5 —

30,000 ——

562 10 —

s.

In Cash at Chr 1748

4t,653 *5 —

40,191 8 x

Deficiency at C 1748

1,462 6 to

Exchequer, the 16th Day of January 1748.

R‘ Jennings.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Income of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass Wares and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon, by an Act of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; viz.

For Annuities for Lives - -- 21,943

For the Bank, for Annuities at £.4 per Cent, per Annum - - - - 60,000

D* for Charges of Management - -- -- - 843

J. d.

s —

5 —

In Cash at Ckrifimas 1748 -

Deficiency at 1748

£. s. d.

82,787 ——

40,964 9 7

41,822 10 5

Exchequer, the 16th Day of

January 1748. Rl Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the to be perulcJ by the Members of the House. Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1749, Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read- Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their The said Estimate is as follows; viz.

ESTI MATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1749.

LAND SERVICE.

£ d.

Ordinary of the Office, comprifine Repair1; of Storehouses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries, and incident Charges ——

Pav of Engineer?, C Mahan, Gibraltar, and North Britain -

Civil Officers, 1 St.Johns, FerrylandCTrinity Harbour, and Placentia,

and Artificers, \in Newfoundland ——

at - - - - f Annapolis Royal ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confiding of 1,135 Met*. Officers included, lor Service ot South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Mahon, Gibraltar, St. John's, Ferryland, Carboniere, Trinity , Placentia, and

Annapolis Royal -

Establishment of an Academy at Woolwich, for the Instruction of the Artillery People, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants, 30 and 18 November 1741 Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich ——

Pay of Engineers, Civil Officers, and Artificers, for Six Months, to 30 June 1749, in order for their Return home from Rattan and Pay of Engineers at Georgia, South Carolina, Jamaica, and New York Pay of superannuated and disabled Officers and Men who have served well in the Trains of Artillery' in Flanders, and on several Expeditions, with the Halfpay of Officers now reduced ——

38,835 7 2,896 12

2,106 15

*»7*4 7

3L353 a 1000 —

867 5

737 *i 1,095 —

2,996 17

6

6

6

6

6

6

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building ( and repairing Store-houses, at -

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Gibraltar - - ----- 3,000 — —

Mahon ----- -- - 3,000 — —

Annapolis Royal ----- - 4,000-----

Placentia ----- -- 3,000 — —

St. Johns, Ferryland, Carboniere, and Trinity

, Harbour, in Newfoundland - 3,000

To repair, refit, and convert into Barracks, Cargoff Castle, and CaJHetoun, in Brae Man, Castle Tarbot, and Castle Turren, and to supply the same with Barrack Bedding, Furniture, and Utensils for the Accommodation of his Majesty's Forces, pursuant to their Excellencies the Lords Justices Warrant, 21 July 1748 - -

Towards crcfting a new Fort at Arderfe.r Point, near Inverness ——

Vol. 25.

£. s. d. 83,502 19 —

16,000 — —

3.607 1 — 6,000 — — Towards

Dr. Ellis desired to preach on 30 jan.

G randy'* Name.

680

16° — 170

Towards carrying on the Fortifications at Fort Fort and other Places in Scotland - - . - - - - - - - —

Towards rebuilding and repairing the Fortifications at and Gillingham -

Towards building and repairing the Fortifications at and Gosport

To complete the new Fort and Battery at Eastney Point - -

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commissaries, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, with the Hire of a Storeship on the Expedition under the Command of Rear-Admiral for

12 Months, to 31 December 1749 ——

One hundred Tons of Salt-pctre ——

EXCEEDINGS, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament, 1748.

s.

d.

4

2,067 10 —

310 12 —

17,951 18 7

5.7*3

8 —

Additional Supply of Ordnance and Stores sent for the Service of his Majesty's £.

Forces and Train of Artillery in the Austrian - ... 11,340

The Charge of bringing home the Field Train of Artillery, Men, and Stores, from the Austrian Netherlands ——

Stores and Ammunition issued to the Imperial and Sardinian Forces in Italy and Corsica, by Order of the Commanders of his Majesty's Fleets in the ranean, and allowed by his Majesty's, and the Lords Justices, Orders in Council, 22 March 1747, and Attguft 1748 ——

Brass Ordnance taken from the French by his Majesty's Squadrons under the Command of Lord Anson and Sir Edward H, purchased of the Captors, pursuant to his Majesty's Pleasure signified by his Grace the Duke of Newcastle, 19 December 1747-Arms delivered to Colonel Battereaus and Major-General Cholmondeley's Regi-"* ments of Foot, and to additional Men to Lord John the Earl of

London's, and Colonel Leds, Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants, 12 December,30 January, 7 and 16 March 1747:

Also Arms delivered to several Regiments in lieu of those loft and taken in Actions in Scotland, at Laffeldt, the Low Countries, St. Bergue, and Britany,

pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants, 24 December, 30 January, 15, 16, 20, 22

February, and 7 March 1747, and of their Excellencies the Lords Justices,

17 November 1748....

Tents delivered to Four Regiments of Foot, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, dated 13 February 1747 ----- - 701 1 —

Bedding, and Barrack Utensils, sent for the Use of his Majesty's Forces at Antigua, and for General Philips's Regiment at Annapolis, St. John's, and Placentia, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, 27 November 1747, and Order of their Excellencies the Lords Justices, 21 July 1748 - 2,906 9 6

To reimburse the Money paid to Normand Macleod Esquire, for the Purchase of Lands at Bernera, in the County of Inverness, for building a Barrack, and other Works thereon, pursuant to their Excellencies the Lords Justices Warrant, 28 September 1748 - -- -- - 1,673 16 3

To reimburse the Money paid to the Earl of Marchmont, for Arm3 by him

furnished for the Use of the Freemen of Berwicfor Defence of that Place

during the Rebellion in 1745, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant, 13 February

1747 .....-.....115176

A. 1748-

£ d.

2.000 — —

2,500 -

4.000 — —

1.000 -

11,256 17 8

4»5°° ——

*34,366 *7 8

J. L. Ligomer, Tho, Lascelles , Charles Frederic, W. R. Earle,

I-

42,780 18 2

i77»*47 *5 10

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Ellis, Prebendary of the Cathedral Church of Gloucester, be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon Monday the 30th Day of this instant January: And that Mr. Campbell of Colder and the Lord Parker do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill to enable Samuel Grundy, now called Samuel Swinfen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Mr. Wm. Lev Gower, Mr. P/umer, SiF Tho. Hales, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Elliot, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Montagu, Lord Parker, Mr. Yorke, SiF Lod. Grant, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Temple, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Plumpere, Mr. Whitworth, Major Fairfax, Mr.

Felloives, Mr. Vi liters, Mr. Lyfttr, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Barber, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Rivett, Sir Tho. Wynne, Mr. Lyttleton, Sir Uonel Pilkington, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. , Mr.

*9

Sydenham, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Nifbitt, Mr. White, Colonel Bofcawen, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Great-heed, Lord Barrington, Sir James Johnston, Mr. Mack-worth, Sir John Rushout, Admiral Mitchell, Mr.

Mr. Finch, Mr. Alfton, General Onslow, Mr. Geo. Lyttleton', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 170 die Januarii;

Anno 22' Georgii II4* Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Treaty

Command, presented to the House, FranceTac.

Copy of the Definitive Treaty, and Two separate

Articles, signed at Aix la Chapelle the of October 1748;

and

Translation.

Copy

aa- GEOL II.

Copy of his Majesty's fall Power; end Translation.

Copy of his most Christian Majesty's fall Power > and -5 '

Translation.

Copy of the Slates Generals Two full Powen; and Translations.

Copy of the Act of Accession of the Emprefe Queen of Hungary to the Definitive Treaty, and Two separate Articles; and Translation.

Copy of the Etnprds Queen of Hungary's full Power; and

Translation.

Copy of the Act of Accession of his Catholick Majesty to the Definitive Treaty, and Two separate Articles; and

Translation.

Copy of his Catholick Majesty's fall Power; and Translation.

Copy of the Act of Accession of his Sardinian Majesty to the Definitive Treaty, and Two separate Articles; and

Translation.

Copy of his Sardinian Majesty's fall Power; and Translation.

Copy of the Act of Accession of the Duke of Modena to the Definitive Treaty, add Two separate Articles; and

Translation.

Copy of the Duke of Modena's fall Power; and Translation.

' Copy of the Act of Accession of the Republick of Genoa to the Definitive Treaty, and Two separate Arti* cks; and

Translation.

Copy of the Republick of Genoa's fall Power; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read. '

The said Papers are bhuml Up with the other Papers of this Session.

And CheTranflations thereof are as follow; W/e. 1

- '

Translation of the Definitive Treaty bf Peace and Friendfltip between his Majesty, tire shod

Christian King, and the States General of the United

Provinces, concluded at Aix la the i8 Day

of October, N.S. 1748.

In llie Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, the Father, Sop, and Holy Glioft: ,

Be it known to all those Wlrrtm it shall or may concern in any manner whatfefcver, Europe fees the Day which the Divine Providence had pointed out for the Re-efta-bhibment of its Repose > h'general Peace succeeds the long.and bloody War which Inti arose between the-most hrredc and most Potent Prince-Gerry* thte Second, by the Giico of God, King-of Great and

Ireidnd, Duke of BrhuJwick and Arcto-Trea-

fiwet and Elector of she Holy Roman Empire, an the aaoft Serene and most Potent Priacefs Mary Thrrejid,

5'the Gmcb of God, Quleen of and Bohemia,

'e. Empress of the Romans, on the one Part; and file-most Serene and most Potent Prince XV. by tire Grace of God, the most Christian King, on the otheri; a* sbo between the King of Great the Emprcfif Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and the most Serene and most Potent Prince Charles Emamel HI. by* the Grace of God, King of Sardinia, on (lie one Part; and the most Serene and most Potent Prince1 by the Graci of

God, King of Spain and die Indies (ofglorious Memory) and, after his Dcceaft, the most Serene and most Potent Prince FerdinandVI. by the Grace of God, King of

and the Indies, on the other; in which War the High and Mighty Lords r he&tattrs General of the United Provinces of the Low Countries had taken Part, as Auxifra-Voi.. 25.

681

lies to the King of Great Britain and the feittprfcli Queen of Hungary and Behemia 5 end the most Serene Duke of Modena, and the most Serene Republick of Genoa, Auxiliaries to the King of Spain; God, in his Mercy; has made known to all these Powers, at the same time, the Way which he had decreed for their Reconciliation; and for the Rest oration of Tranquillity to the People whom he had subjected to their Government; they have sent their Ministers to Ahcla Ckapelle, where, those of the King of Great Britain, his most Christian Majesty, and of the States General of the'Uhited ProVitttes, having agreed upon preliminary Conditions fora general Pacification, and those of the Emptefs Queen of Hnngaty and Bohemia, of his Catholick Majesty, of the King of Sardinia, of the Duke of Modena, and of the Republick of Genoa, having acceded thereunto, a general Cessation Of Hostilities by Sea and Land has happily ensued: In order to complete at Aix la Chape/le the great Work of a Peace, equally stable and convenient for all Parties, the High Contracting Powers have nominated, appointed, and provided with their fuH Powers, the most llluftrioUs and most Excellent Lords their Ambassadors Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiary; viz. His Sacred Majesty the King of Great Britain, John Edrl Viscount

HmtMnbrook, Bsroh Montagu of St. Neat's, Peer of

land, ¥ Irft lx>rd Commissioner of the Admiralty, One yf the Lords Regents of the Kingdom, his Minister PlenN potentiary to the States Generaf of the United Provinces'; and Sir Thomas Rohinfon, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, and her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia: His Sacred most Christian Majesty, Alphonso Maria Lewis, Count de St. Sever in of Aragon, Knight of his Orders, and John Gabriel de la Porte dn Knighf of the Order of our Lady of Mount Carmel and of Saint Lazarus df Jerusalem, Counsellorof the King in his Councils, Secretary of the Chamber, aind of the Cabinet df his Majest/, of the Orclers'of the Dauphin and of MefHames df France: Her Sacred Majesty the Empress Queen gary and Behemia, Wencljlaus Anthony Count of

Bitt berg, Lord of EJjens, StedefJorff,

Hungrifthbrod, Wite, Scc:actual Intimate Counfeifor cn SMte to-their Imperial Majestirt: His Sacred Catholick Majesty the Lord Don James MrJJhie de Lima et Sotfb Mayor-Gentleman of the Bed-chamber tb hisCathpfi^fc Majesty, and Major-4General of h're Forces: His Saiered Majesty the King rtf Sardinia, Don JOfcpk OJforro, Khfgtir, Gfand Croix, and Grand ConservatOr of the mrlWaryQrdef of the Saints Maurice and Lazarus, and Envoy Extraordi^ nary of Ins Majesty the* King Of Sardinia fb his MSjefy} the King of Great Britain; and Jo/epfi Barfl, Courit Ghavainte, 'Iris CoutifeHor of State, and his Ministerto the Lords the State* General of tfte United Provinces': Tl>e High and Mighty Lords the Srates General of the United Provinces, William Count Bentinck, Loft# <5? Rhoon and Pendrecht, One of the Nobles of the..Province of Hollaiid and fp'ejl Friejland, Curator of the.Uni-

verftty Of Leyden-, See.; Frederick Henry, Baton of JFdfb-na&, Lord of Catwyeke'add Zand; One the1 Nobles of she Province of Holland arid ffcjb Hoog-Herh-

rande of Rhytthnd, Sec:; frerard ArntfUt Hajfrfder, Burgo.-' rhafter, artd-Gotmfefltr of the City of Di rest of

of the East India Company, fit.; J&ltn Baron of Borfelle,

First Noble, and Reprefemative of the Nobility in the States, in the Council and Admiralty of Zealand, Director of the' Eaff-India Company; Omto Zwier Pent Harm', GrietOlan of West Sterlingwbrf, Deputy CoUnfellor of'thd

Province of Friejland, and-Comm iflary-General 6f all fhel

Swift and Grison Troops in the Service of thd afore#ata States General, and resprttive peputies in the Afterhbly of the States General, and in the Council of State, on the Part of the Provinces of Holland and ffejl Fritstand, Zealand, anti Friejhttrd: The most SereneDuke of ModeAd] the Sietw Count de A fortune, his Courtfellor of $tate, and CuIoHbf rrr hrs Service, and his Minister. PlempOtert-t4ary to ffts most1 Christian Majesty: The most Serend

8 L Republick

17° Januarii.

Treaty Peace with France, tec.

- 632 170 Januarii. .:! jt. 1748.

tfetyff stepublick of Genoa, the Stem Francis Marquis Doria 1 whatsoever, being to bereftored without Exception^ in ^ncelte. Who, after having communicated their full Powers Conformity to what was stipulated by the said Preliminary ' to each other in due Formt Copies whereof are annexed Articles; and by the Declaration since signed, the High

at the End of this present Treaty, and having conferred Parties engage to give Orders immediately for proceeding on the several Objects which their Sovereigns have judged to that Restitution, as well as to the putting the most proper to be inserted in this Instrument of general Pacifi- Serene Infant'Ddn Philip in Pofi'eflion of the States which cation, have agreed to the several Articles; which are as are to be yielded to him by virtue of the said Prelimma-follow: ries; the said Parties solemnly renouncing, as well for

s Article Ift. themselves, ias for their Heirs and Successors, all Rights

There shall be a Christian, universel, and perpetual and Claims, by what Title or Pretence soever, to all the Peace, as well by Sea as Land, and a sincere and lading States, Countries, and Places, that they respectively en-Friendthip between the Eight Powers above-mentioned, gage to restore or yield.; saving, however, the Reversion and between their Heirs and Successors, Kingdoms, stipulated of the States yielded to the most Serene Infant States, Provinces, Countries, Subjefcls, and Vassals, of Don Philip. what Rank and Condition soever they may be, without Art. VI.

Exception of Places or Persons; (b that the High Con- It is settled and agreed. That all the respective Recti-trafting Powers may have the greated Attention to main- tutions and Cessions in Europe shall be intirely made and tain between them, and their said Allies and Subjects, this executed on all Sides in the Space of S.x'Weekor reciprocalFriendshipandCorrespondence; not permitting (oonef if polfibie, to be'reck'oned from the Day of the any Sort of Hostilities to be committed on one Side or Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, of the other, on any Cause or under any Pretence whatso- all the Eight Parties above-mentioned; so that within ever; and avoiding every thing that may for the future the same Term of Six Weeks, the most Christian King 1 didurb the Union happily re«established between them; shall redore, as well to the Empress Queen of Hungary and and, on the contrary, endeavouring to procure, on all as to the States General of the UnitedProvi >ccs,

Occasions, whatever may contribute to their mutual all the Conquests which he has' made upon them during Glory, Intereds, and Advantage, without giving any this War.

Aififtance or Protection, directly or indirectly, to those The Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia shall be Who would injure or prejudice any of the said High Con- put, in consequence hereof in full and peaceable Possession tracting Parties. of all that (he possessed before the present War, in the

Art. II. Low , and elsewhere, except what is otherwise

There shall be a general Oblivion of whatever may have regulated by the present Treaty, been done or committed during the War now ended; and In the same time the Lords the States General of the all Persons, upon the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifi- United Provinces: fhalfbe put in- full and- peaceable Fof-cations of all the Parties, shall be maintained and re- session, and fetch as: they, had before the present War, of established in the Possession of all the Effects, Dignities, the Places of Bergen-of-Zoom and , and of all

Ecclesiastical Benefices, Honours, Revenues, which they they possessed, before the said present War, in enjoyed, or ought to have enjoyed, at, the Commencement ders, L}utch Brabant, and elsewhere: And the Towns of the War, notwithstanding all Difoofleflions, Seizures, and Places in the Low Countries, the Sovereignty of which or Confiscations, occasioned by the said War. belongs to the Empress Queen qiffuttgaryand Bekethia,

Art. III. in which their High Mightinesse have the Right of Gar-

The Treaties of Westphalia, of 1648; those of Madrid, rifon, shall be evacuated to the Troops of the Republick between the Crowns of England and Spain, of '1667 and within the same Space of Time.

1670; the Treaties of Peace of Nimiguen, of 1678 and The King of Sardinia shall be in like manner, and 1679; of Ryswick, of 1697; and oiUtfecht, of 1713; within the same Time, intirely re-established and main-of Baden, of 1714; the Treaty of the triple Alliance tained in the Duchy of Savoy, and in the County of Nice, of the Hague, of 1717; that of the quadruple Alliance as well as in all the States, Countries, Places, and Forts, of London, of 1718; and the Treaty of Peace of conquered and taken from him on Occasion of the Vienna, of 1738; serve as a Basis and Foundation to present War. the general Peace* and to the present Treaty; arid/ for The most Serene Duke of Modena, and the most Sethis Purpose, they are renewed and confirmed;in the bed rene Republick of , shall be also, within the same Form, and as jf they were herein inserted Word for time, intirely re-established and maintained in the States, Word; so that they shall be punctually observed for the Countries, Places, and Forts.'conqaered and taken from future in all their Tenor, and rqligiously executed on them during the present War, conformably to the Tenor the one $ide and the other; such Points, however, as of the 13th mid 14thArticles of this Treaty, which have been derogated from imthe present Treaty, ex- relate to them.

cepted. ..... . All the Reditutions -and Cessions of the said Towns*

Art. IV. . Fort?, and Places, shall be. made with all the Artillery

All the Prisoners made on the one Sidp and the other, and warlike. Stores that*were found there on the Day of as well by Sea as by,.Land, and the Hostages required or their Surrender, during the Course'of the War, by the given during the and to this Day, shall be restored Powers w.ho are to make the said Cessions and Reftitu* without Ranibm Weeks at Iateft, tp bereckpned tions» and this according to the Inventories which have

from the EichapgJ*v‘<^f the Ratification, of ,the present been made of them, or whichjlhall be delivered band side Treaty; and it (Kail be immediately proceeded, upon after; on each Side: Provided that, as to the Pieces of Ar-that Exchange ? And all the Ships of War, as well as tillery that have been removed elsewhere to be newNcaft, Merchant Vessels, tjiat shall have been ,taken fence the or for other-Uses, they shall be replaced- by the same Expiration of the Terms agreed upon for the Cessation of Number of the same Bore, or Weight in Metal: ProJ HodilitiesatSea,(hallbcinlike ma^uqrfeiithfullyi;edqred, vidfdalfo, that the Places of Mohs, Aik, Oude-

with all their Equipages and Cargoes» and Surety lfia.ll narde, and A iettin, the Outworks of which , have beets be given on all Sides for Payment of the Debts which the <Jemolished, shall be redored without Artillery: Nothing Prisoners or Hodages may have contracted in the States shall be demanded for the Charges and Expences fcoi-where they had been detained, until their full Discharge. ployed |n the Fortifications of, all the Other Places, nor

Art. y. for other 'publick or private Works which have been done

All the Conqueds that have been ma^e since the Com* in the Countries that are to be redored. mencement of the War, or which, fence she Conclusion -; > Art. VII.

of the Preliminary Articles figped the 30th of- April lad. In Confederation of the Reditutions that his modChrif-may have been or shall be made either in Europe or in tian Majesty and his Catholick Majesty make by the.pre-the East or West Indies, or in any other Part of the World sent Treaty, either to her Majesty the Queen of Hungary

And

a a Geo. II. 170 Januarii.

and Bohemia, or to his Majesty rite King of the

Duchies of Parma, Placentia, and shall, for the

future, belong to the most Serene Infant Don to

be possessed by him* and his Male Defendants, born in lawful Marriage, in the same Manner, and in the same Extent, as they have been, or ought to be, possessed by the present Possessors; and the Hud most Serene Infant, or his Male Defendants, shall enjoy the said Three Duchies, conformably and under the Conditions expressed in the Act* of Cession of the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the King of Sardinia.

Thel'e Acts of Cession of the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the King of Sardinia, shall be

delivered, together with their Ratifications of the present Treaty, to the AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Catholick King, in like manner as the Am* bafladors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries of the most Christian King and Catholick King shall deliver, with the Ratifications of their Majesties, to the AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the King of Sardinia, the Orders to the Generals of the French and Spanish Troops, to restore Savoy and the County of Nice, to the Persons appointed by that Prince to receive them; so that the Restitution of the said States, and the taking Potibflion of the Duchies of Parma, Placentia, and Guaftalla, by or in the Name of the most Serene Infant Dou Philip, may be effected within the same Time, conformably to the Acts of Cession: The Tenor whereof follows:

We Mary Therefia, (Be. make known by these Presents:

Whereas, in order to put an End to the fatal War, certain Preliminary Articles were agreed upon, the 30th of April of this Year, between the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of the mail Serene and most Potent Prince George lid. King of Great Britain, and the most Serene and most Potent Prince Lewis XV. the most Christian King, and their High MightinelTes the States General of the United Provinces, which have been since ratified by all the Powers concerned: The Tenor of the Fourth Article whereof is conceived in the following Manner:

The Duchies of Parma, Placentia, and Guaftalla, shall be yielded to the most Serene Infont Don to serve him as An Establ foment, with the Right of Reversion to the present Possessors, after that his Majesty the King of the Two Sici/iet shall have succeeded to the Crown of Spain, as also in case the said most Serene Infont Don Philip should happen to die without Children.

And whereas a Definitive Treaty of Peace having since been concluded, the several Points relating to this Afiair have been, by virtue of the Articles thereof, explained by the common Content of the Parties concerned, in the following Manner:

In consideration of the Restitutions that his most Christian Majesty and his Catholick Majesty make by the present Treaty, either to her Majesty the Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, or to his Majesty the King of Sardinia, the Duchies of Parma, Placentia, and Guaftalla, shall, for the future, belong to tire most Serene Infant Don Philip, to be possessed by1 him, and his Male Descendants, born in lawful Marriage, in the same Manner, and in the same Extent, as they have been, or ought to be, possessed by the present Possessors; and the said most Serene Infant, or his Male Descendants, foall enjoy the said Three Duchies, conformably and under the Conditions expressed in the Acts of Cession of die Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the King of Sardinia.

Theie Acts of Cession of the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, and of the King of Sardinia, shall be delivered, together with their Ratifications of the present Treaty, tb the AmbafTador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the Catholick King, in like manner as the AmbafLdors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiares of the most Christian King and Catholick King foall deliver, with the Ratifications of their Majesties, to the Ambafla-dor Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of the King of Sardinia, the Orders to the Generals of the French and Spanish Troops, td restore Savoy and the County of Nice to the - Vol. 25.

Persons appointed by that Prince to receive them; so Treaty 6f that the Restitution of the said States, and the taking Peace with Possession of the Duchies of Parma, Placentia, and Guaf- France, &c. talla, by or in the Name of the most Serene Infant Don Philip, may be effected in the same Time, conformably to the said Acts of Cession.

Wherefore, in order to fulfil those Things to which we have bound-ourselves by the Articles before inserted, and in the firm Hope that the most Christian and Catholick Kings, and the future Possessor of the aforesaid Three Duchies, and his Male Descendants, will, on their Part, bond side and pundlually fulfil the Tenor of the Articles above-mentioned, and willlikewife restore to us, within the same Time, the States and Places which are to be restored to us, in consequence of the Second and Eighteenth Articles of the same Preliminaries, we do yield and renounce, for us and our Successors, under the Conditions expressed in the above-mentioned Articles, all Rights, Claims, and Pretensions, to us, under any Title or Cause whatsoever belonging, upon the aforesaid Three Duchies of Parma, Placentia, and Guaftalla, formerly possessed by us, and transfer the same Rights,

Claims, and Pretensions, in the bed and most solemn Manner possible, to the most Serene Don Philip, Infant of Spain, and his Male Descendants, to be born in lawful Marriage; abl'olving all the Inhabitants of the said Duchies from the Allegiance and Oath which they have taken to us, who shall be obliged, for the future, to pay the same Allegiance to those to whom we have yielded our Rights; all which, however, is to be understood only for that Space of Time that either the said most Serene Infont Don Philip, or One of his Defendants, shall not have ascended either the Throne of the Two Sicilies, or of Spain; for at that Time, and in case the aforefotd Infant should die without Male Defendants, we expressly reserve to ourselves, our Heirs and Successors, all Rights, Claims, and Pretensions, which have heretofore belonged to us; and consequently the Right of Reversion to the said Duchies.

In Witness whereof, (Be.

Charles Emanuel, lie.

The Desire we have to contribute, on our Part, to the most speedy Re-establishment of the publick Tranquillity which lately induced us to accede to the preliminary Articles signed the'30th of April last, between the Minife ters of Iris Britannick Majesty, his most Christian Majesty, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, which we did on the Thirty-first Day of May last, by our Plenipotentiary, accordingly accede to, inducing us now to accomplifo as much as is to be performed, on our Part, in pursuance of them; and particularly for the Execution of.what is - contained in the Fourth Article of the said Preliminaries, by virtue whereof the Duchies of Parma

Placentia, and Guaftalla, are to be yielded to the most Serene Prince Don Philip, Infont of Spain, to hold as an' Establishment, with the Right of Reversion to the present Possessors, as fbon as his Majesty the King of the Two Sicilies foall have fuccceded to the Crown of or

that the said Infant should happen to die without Issue Male, we, in Conformity thereto, do, by the present'Act, renounce, yield, and transfer, for ourselves and our Suc-cefTofs, to the aforesaid most Serene Infant Don Philip, and to his Male Issue and their Descendants, born in lawful Marriage, the Town of Placentia, and the -line (whereof we were possessed) to be held and possessed: by him as Duke of Placentia; renouncing, to this end, all Rights, Claims, and Pretensions, which we have fipbn them; reserving however, expressly, to us and our Succef- fors, the Right of Reversion, in the Cafes abovementioned.

In Witness whereof, (Be.

Art. VIII.

In order to secure and effectuate the said Reftitotions and Cefflons, it is agreed, That they shall beintirely executed and accomplished, on all Sides, in Europe, within the Term of Six Weeks; or (boner if possible, to be reckoned from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of all the Eight Powers it being provided, That in Fifteen

684 i7" Jafiuariu A- 1748.

Treaty of Days after the Signing of the prefen t T reaty, the Generals, the Payment; it being always to be und rstood, that the Peace with or other Persons whom the High Contracting Parties shall Forage and Utensils for the Troops shall be furnished till France, See. think proper to appoint for that Purpose, shall meet at the Evacuations; in consequence of which all the Powers Brussels and at Nice, to concert and agree on the Method promise and engage not to demand or exact any Impo* of proceeding to the Restitutions, and of putting the Par- fit ions and Contributions, which they may have laid upon ties in Possession, in a Manner equally convenient for the the Countries, Towns, and Places, that they have possessed Good of the Troops, the Inhabitants, and the respective during the Course of the War, and which had not been Countries; but so that all and each of the High Con t raft- paid at the Time that the Events of the said War had ing Powers may be, agreeable to their Intentions, and to obliged them to abandon the said Countries, Towns, the Engagements contracted by. the present Treaty, in full and Places; all Pretensions of this Nature being made and peaceable Possession, without any Exception, of all void by the present Treaty, that is to be acquired to them, either by Restitution or Art, XI.

Cession, within the said Term of Six Weeks, or sooner if All the Papers, Letters, Documents, and Archives, possible, after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the which were in the Countries, Estates, Towns, and Place?, present Treaty, by all the said Eight Powers. which are restored, and those belonging to the Countries

Art. IX. yielded, shall be respectively, and bonft side, delivered or

In consideration that, notwithstanding the reciprocal given up at the same Time, if possible; asPoffiffion shall Engagement taken by the 18th Article of the Prelimina- be taken, or at furthest Two Months after tie Exchange ries, importing, that all the Restitutions and Cessions of the Ratifications of the present Treaty of all the Hgflt should be carried on equally, and should be executed at Parties, in whatever Places the said Papers of Document* the same Time, his most Christian Majesty engages, by may be, namply, those which may have been remove*! the 6th Article of the present Treaty, to restore, within from the Archive of the Great Council of Mechlin.

the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner if possible, to be rec- Art. XII.

koned from the Day of the Exchange of the Ratifica- His Majesty the King of Sardinia shall remain in Pof-tions of the present Treaty, all the Conquests which he session of all that he anciently and newly enjoyed; and has made in the Low Countries; whereas it is impossible, particularly of the Acquisition which he made in the considering the Distance of the Countries, that what relates Year 1743, of Pi aPart of the Pave fan, and

to America should be effected within the same Time, or the County of Attghiera, in the Manner as this Prince even to fix the Time of its intive Execution, his Britan- now possesses them, by virtue of the Cessions that have nick Majesty likewise engages, on his Part, to send to his been made of them to him. :<

mod Christian Majesty, immediately after the Exchange erf Art. XIII.

the Ratifications of the present Treaty, Two Persons of Rank The most SereneDuke of Modena, by virtue as well of

and Consideration, who shall remain there as Hostages, till the present Treaty, as of his Rights, Preroauive^and D.ig-there shall be received a certain and authentick Account of nities, shall take Possession Six Weeks.or sooner if possible, the Restitution of ffle Royal, called Cape Breton, and of all after the Exchange of the Ratifications of the said Treaty, the Conquests which the Arms or Subjects of his Britan- of all his States, Places, Forts, Countries, Effects, and Re-nick Majesty may have made, before or after the Signing venues, andingeneralofall thatheenjoyed beforcihe War. of the Preliminaries in the East and West Indies.; At the same time shall be likewise restored to him his

Their Britannick and most Christian Majesties, oblige Archives, Documents, Writings, and Moveables, of what themselves, likewise, to cause to be delivered, upon the Nature soever they may be; as also the Artillery and wan? Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, the like Stores which shall have been found in his Countries, Duplicatesof the Ordersaddrefled to the Commissariesap- at the Time, of their being seized; as to what (hall/bd pointed to restore and receive, respectively, whatever wanting, or shall have been converted into another Form, may have been conquered on either Side, in the East and the just Value of the Things so taken away, and which an: West Indies, agreeably to the Second Article of the.Preli- to be restored,. shall be paid in ready Money; which Mo-minaries, and to the Declarations of the lift and 31st of ney, as well as the Equivalent for the Fiefs which the rno-ft May, and the 8th o(july last, ip regard to what concerns Serene Duke of Modena possessed in Hungary, if they are the said Conquests.ip tb^ .£4^ an{l West Indies :Provided not veftored to him, shall be settled and adjusted by.tfae nevertheJefs, That ffte Rqyal, called Cape Breton, shall be respective- Generals or Commissaries, who, according to reftoied, with all the Artikiery and warlike Stores which the &th Article of the prefeqt Treaty, are to assemble at shall have been found tbcreip, on the Day of its Surrender. Nice, in 13 Days after the Signature, in order . to agree As to the other Restitutions, they ibali take Place con- upon the Means for executing the reciprocal Restitutions formably to the Meaning of the Second Article of the and putting in Possession; fothat at the fameTimt, wid Preliminaries, and-of the Declarations and Convention on the feme Day, as the; most Serene Duke of of the 21 ft and 31st of May, and the 8th of July last, in shall take Possession of all fos States, he may likewise entire Condition in which Thing? were on the nth of ter into the Enjoyment either of his Fief? in Hungary, or Juno N. S. in the West Indies, and on the 31st of O&oker of the said Equivalent, and receive the Value of fuctr also N. S. in the East Indies. And every thing besides Things as cannot be restored to him; Justice (hallalfo shall be re-established on die Foot that they were or be done him, within the feme Time of Six Weeks after ougdbt to be, before the present War. the Exchange of the Ratifications, with respect to the

Ibe said respectiv'e Commissaries, as well those for the allodial Effects of the House of Guaftalla.

West a? those for the East Indies, shall be ready to set out - XIV.

on the first Advice that their Britannick and most QhrL The most Serene Republick of , as well by virtue ftian Majesties shall receive, of the Exchange of the Ra- of the present Treaty, as of its Rights, Prerogatives, and tifteptions, furaiflred with all the necessary Instructions, Dignities, shall re-enter into the Possession'Six Weeks, or Commissions, Powers, and Orders, for tire most expediti- (boner if possible, after the Exchange of the Ratification! ous Accomplishment of their said Majesties Intentions, of the said Treaty, of all the States, Forts,. Places, Coun-and of the Engagements taken by the present Treaty. tries. Effects, of what Nature soever they may be. Rents,

Art. X- and Revenues, that it enjoyed before the War; particu-.

The ordinary Revenues of the Countries that are to be larly all and every one of the Members and Subjects of respectively restored or yielded, and the Impositions laid the said Republick shall, within the aforesaid Term, after upon, those Countries (hr the Entertainment and Winter the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, Quarters of the Troops, shall belong, to the Powers that re-enter into the Possession, Enjoyment, and Liberty of |{e in Possession of them, till the Day of tire Exchange disposing of all the Funds which they had in the Bank of of the Ratifications of the present Treaty, without, how- Vienna in , in Bohemia, or in any other Part

eyer, its being permitted to proceed to any Kind of Ex-; whatsoever of the States of the Empress Queen of Hurt-ecution, provided (efficient. Security has been given; for and , and of those of the King of;

ip and

22 Geo. II. 17° Januarii. 685

and the I nt ere ft shall be exactly and regularly'paid them, to be reckoned from the said Day of the Exchange of the Ratifications of the present Treaty.

' Art. XV.

It has been settled and agreed upon, between the Eight High Contracting Parties, That for the Advantage and Maintenance of the Peace in general, and for the Tranquillity of Italy in particular, allThings shall remain there in the Condition they were in before the War, laving and after the Execution of the Dispositions made by the present Treaty.

Art. XVI.

The Treaty of the Alfiento for the Trade of Negroes signed at Madrid, on the 26th of March 1713, and the Article of the annual Ship, making Part of the feidTreaty, are particularly confirmed by the present Treaty, for the Four Years, during which the Enjoyment thereof has been interrupted, fir.ee the Commencement of the present War, and shall be executed on the same Footing, and under the same Conditions, as they have or ought to have been executed, before the said War.

Art. XVII.

Dunkirk shall remain fortified on the side of the Land, in the same Condition as it is at present; and as to the Side of the Sea, it shall remain on the Footing of former Treaties.

Art. XVIII.

The Demands of Money that his Majesty

has, as Elector of Hanover, upon the Crown of Spain, the Differences relating to the Abbey of St. Hubert, the Enclaves of Hainault, and the Bureaux, newly established

in the Low Countries, the Pretensions of the Elector Palatine, and the other Articles which could not be regulated, so as to enter into the present Treaty, shall be amicably adjusted immediately, by the Commissaries appointed for that Purpose on both Sides, or otherwise as shall be agreed on by the Powers concerned.

Art. XIX.

The Fifth Article of the Treaty of the Quadruple Alliance concluded at London, the ad of August 1718, containing the Guaranty of the Succession tot the Kingdom of Great Britain, in the House of his Britannuk Majesty now reigning, and by which every thing has been provided for

that can relate to the Person who has taken the Title of Treaty of King of Great Britain, and to his Defeendants of both j£*c*'"ic* Sexes, is expressly confirmed and renewed by the present *ra"ce' c* Article, as if it was here inserted, in its full Extent.

Art. XX.

His Britannick Majesty, as Elector of Ltt-

nebourg, as well for himself, as for his Heirs and Successors, and all the States and Possessions of his said Majesty in Germany, are included and guarantied by the present Treaty of Peace.

Art. XXI.

All the Powers interested in the present Treaty, who have guarantied the Pragmatick Sanction of the 19th of April 1713, for the whole Inheritance of the late Emperor Charles VI. in Favour of his Daughter the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia now reigning, and of her Defeendants for ever, according to the Order established by the said Pragmatick Sanction, renew it in the bed Manner possible; except, however, the Ce(lions already made, either by the said Emperor or the said Princess, and those stipulated by the present Treaty.

Art. XXII.

The Duchy of Silesia and the County of Glatz, as his Prujftan Majesty now possesses them, are guarantied to that Prince, by all the Powers, Parties, and Contractors, of the present Treaty.

Art. XXIII.

All the Powers contracting and interested in the present Treaty, reciprocally and respectively guaranty the Execution thereof.

Art. XXIV.

The solemn Ratifications of the present Treaty, expedited in good and due Form, shall be exchanged in this City of Aix la Chapelle, between all the Eight Parties, within the Space of One Month, or sooner if possible. to be reckoned from the Day of its Signature.

In Witness whereof, We, the Under-written, their Am-baffadors Extraordinary and Ministers Plenipotentiaries, have signed with our Hands, in their Name, and by virtue of our full Powers, the present Treaty of Peace, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Aix la Chapelle, the 18th of October 1748.

Signed,

(L. S.) Sandwich, (L. S.) St. Severing Aragon,

(L. S.) T. Robinjtn. (L. S.) La Porte du

(L. S.) W. Bent inch,

(L. S.) G. A.

(L. S.) J. V.

(L.S.) O. Z. Fan Haren.

Separate Articles.

Some of the Titles made use of by the con trading Powers, either in the full Powers and other Acts during the course of the Negotiation, or in the Preamble of the present Treaty, not being generally acknowledged, it has been agreed. That no Prejudice shall, at any time, result therefrom, to any of the said contracting Parties; and that the Titles taken or omitted on either Side, on account of the said Negotiation, and of the present Treaty, shall not be cited, or any Consequence drawn therefrom.

II.

It has been concluded and agreed, That the French Language, made use of in all the Copies of the present Treaty, and which may be used in the Acts of Accession, shall not be made a Precedent, that may be alleged or drawn into Consequence, or in any Manner prejudice any

of the contracting Powers; and that they conform themselves, for the future, to what has been and ought to be observed, with regard to, and on the Part of Powers who are used and have a Right to give and receiveCopies of like Treaties and Acts, in another Language than the French.

The present Treaty, and the Accessions which shall intervene, having still the same Force and Effect as if the aforesaid Practice had been therein observed, and the present separate Articles shall have: fikewife the feme Force, as if they were inserted in the Treaty.

In Witness whereof. We, the Under-written, Ambaffactors Extraordinary and Ministers Plenpotedtiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his moil Christian Majesty, and of the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, have signed the present Separate Articles, and caused the Seals of our Arms to be put thereto.

Done at Aix la Chapelle, the 18th of October 1748.

(LS.) Sandwich, (L. S.) St. Severin cl Aragon,

(L. S.) T. Robinson. (L. S.) La Porte du Theil.

(LS.) JV. Bent inch,

(L. S.) G. A.

(L. S.) J. r. Borjfele, (L. S.) O. Z. Fan Harev.

Vol. 25.

t M Transl.ition

Treaty of Peace with France* lcc»

m

17* Januarii.

A. 1748.

Translation of his Britanniat Majesty's full Power. one and to the other jointly, As Well as to either of them

George R. separately* in case of Absence orlndisposition of the other*

G E OB. G E the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great full Power, Commission, and special Order, in our Name* Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the and in the Quality of our Ambassadors Extraordinary and Faith, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburg, Arch-Trea- Plenipotentiaries, to agree with the Ambassadors and surer of the Holy Roman Empire, and Prince Elector, Ministers actually assembled at Aix la , for the

Sc. To all to whom these Presents shall come, Greeting. Condufion of a Peace, provided with full Powers, in good Whereas, in order to perfect the Work of a general Peace Form, on the Part of their Matters, to settle, conclude, so happily begun, and to bring it, as soon as possible, to and sign such Treaties, Articles, and Conventions, as the the desired Condufion, we have thought proper to invert one and the other together, or either of them, in the Two fit Persons with the Title and Character of our Am- aforesaid same of Absence, or Indisposition of the other, baffadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, at the pre- shall think good; and chiefly the DefinitiveTreaty, which sent Congress; Know ye therefore, That we, having in- shall re-establish a solid Peace and perfect Union between tire Confidence in the Zeal, Judgment, Skill, and Abili- us and the Princes and States formerly at War, or Auxi-ties, in managing great Affairs, of our right trusty and liaries of the Powers at War; prormfing, on the Faith Well-beloved Cousin John, Earl of Sandwich, as also our and Word of a King, to accept, keep firm and (table for trusty and well-beloved Thomas Robinfton, Knight of the ever, accomplish, and execute punctually, all that the

tnoft Honourable Order of the Bath, and our Minister Plenipotentiary to our good Sifter the Empress of Germany, Queen of Hungary and , have named,

made, constituted, and appointed, as we by these Presents name, make, constitute, and appoint, them, our true and undoubted Ambassadors Extraordinary, Ministers, Commissioners, Deputies, Procurators, and Pleni-

said Count de Severin d" Aragon, and the said Sieur de la Forte duTheil, or either of them, in the said Cafes of Absence or Indisposition of the other, shall have ftipu-lated, promised, and signed, by virtue of this present Power, without ever contravening the feme, or suffering it to be contravened, for what Cause or under what Pretext soever; as also to cause our Letters of Ratification

potentiaries; giving unto them or each of them, jointly thereof to be dispatched in good Form, and exchanged or separately, all and allManner of Power and Authority, *n (he time that (had be agreed upon for such is our as well as our general and special Command (yet so that Pleasure. In Witness whereof we have caused our Seal to the general do not derogate from the special, or other- he put to these Presents. Given at Fontainebleau the 7 th wife), to repair to Aix la Chapelle, or to any other Place '"(he Year of Grace 1748, and of our

where the Treaty and Negotiations for the above-men- Reign the Thirty-fourth. tionedPeace and Tranquillity may be to be carried on; and

there for us, and in our Name, together with the Ambassadors, Commissioners.Deputies, and Plenipotentiaries, of the Princes and States whom it may concern, properly vested with the same Power and Authority, to meet in Congress and Conference, either singly and separately, or jointly and in a Body; and with them to agree upon, treat, consult, and conclude, what may be necessary for making a firm and stablePeace, and re-establishing a sincere Friendship and good Harmony; and to sign for us, and in our Name, every thing so agreed upon and concluded, and to make a Treaty or Treaties upon what shall have been so agreed and concluded, and to do and transact all other Matters, which may appertain to the finishing the abovesaid Work, in as ample Manner and Form, and

(Signed)

Lewis.

(and lower)

By the King.

(Signed)

Brulant.

And sealed with the Great Seal, in Yellow Wax,

Translation of the States General's full Power.

The States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, To all those who shall fee these Presents, Greeting. Whereas we desire nothing more ardently than to see the War, with which Christendom is at present afflicted, terminated by a good Peace; and the City of Aix la Chapelle has been agreed upon for the

with equal Force arid Efficacy, as we ourselves could do, of the Conferences; we, by the same Desire of

if personally present; engaging, and on our Royal Word P^ting a Stop as for as shall be in us, to the Deflation promising, that whatever Things shall be transacted and of so many Provinces, and to the tffufion of so much concluded by our said Ambassadors Extraordinary and Ple- Christian Blood, have been wi ling to contribute thereto

J t r n 11 l ______i all fnat n*»TV*nn< linnn n* ? ann this Fnn nn npnntp tra

nipotentiaries, or by either of them, shall be agreed to, acknowleged, and accepted by us, in the fullest Manner.; and that we will never suffer, either in the whole or Sn Part, any Person whatsoever to infringe or aft contrary to the fame. In Witness whereof we have signed these Presents with our Royal Hand, and have caused to be affixed thereto our Great Seal of Britain. Given at our Palace at Herrnhaufen, the Day of in

all that depends upon us; and to this End do depute to the said Assembly, some Persons out of our own Body, who have given several Proofs of the Knowledge and, Ex- . perience which they have of publick Affairs, as well as of the Afieftion which they have for the Good of our State: And whereas the Sieurs lVilliam Count Bentinck, Lord of Rhoen and Fendrecht, of the Body of Nobles of the Province of Holland and West Curator of

, the University of Leyden, £f Frederic Henry, Baron the Year of our Lord 1748, and in the Twenty-second Lord of Catwyck and Zand, of the Body of

Year of our Reign* Nobles of the Province of Holland and West Frieffand,

Hoog Heemrade of Rhynland, tec. Gerard Arnold

Translation of the most Christian King's full Power, felaer, Schepen and Senator of the City of LEW IS, by the Grace of God, King of France and and Director of the East India Company, and Onno Navarre: To all those to whom these Presents'shall Zwier Van Harm, Grietman of De-

come, Greeting. Whereas we are desirous of omitting puted Counsellor of the Province of and Corn-

nothing in our Power, in order to accelerate the Con- missary General of all the Swifts and Grifton Troops in our elusion of the great and salutary Work of Peace, and the Service, respective Deputies in our Assembly, and in the Re-establishment of the publick Tranquillity; trusting in- Council of State, on the Part of the Provinces of Holland tirdy to the Capacity and Experience, Zeal, and Fidelity and West Frief eland, have distinguished

for our Service, of our dear and well-beloved, the Count themselves in several Employments of Importance for our de Severin A Aragon, Knight of our Orders, and the Sieur Service, in which they have given Marks of their Fide-de la Porte du Theil, Counsellor in our Councils, Secre- lity. Application, and Address, in the Management of taryof our Chamber and Cabinet, and of the Commands Affairs: For these Causes, and other good Considerations

of our most dear and most beloved Son the Dauphin For thefeCaufes, and other goodlConsiderations us thereto moving, we have commissioned and ordained them, and by these Presents, signed with our Hand, do commission

us thereunto moving, we have commissioned, ordained, and deputed, the said Sieurs Bentinck, Waftfenaer, Haftfe-laer, and Van Haren, do commission, ordain, and depute them, by these Presents, and have given and do give un-

ond ordain, and have given them, and do give to the to them full Power, Commission, and Special Order, to

12

gv

22 Geo. II.

17* fattuarii.

go to Aix la Chapelle, in Quality of our Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries for the Peace; and there to confer with the Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries of his most Christian Majesty and his Allies, provided with sufficient Powers, and there to treat of the Means of terminating and pacifying the Differences which at present occasion the War; and our said Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries all together, or any of them, or any one among them, in case of Absence of the others by Sickness, or other Impediment, shall have Power to agree about the dune, and thereupon to conclude and (ign a good and sure Peace, and in general to transact, negotiate, promise, and grant, whatever they shall think necessary to the said Effect of the Peace; and generally to do every thing that we could do, if we were there present, even, though a more special Power and Order, not contained in these Presents, should be necessary for that Purpose; promising sincerely, and band side, to accept and keep Arm and liable, whatever, by our laid Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotenaries, or by any or any one of them, in case of Sickness, Absence, or other Impediment of the others, shall have been stipulated, promised, and granted; and therefore to cause our Letters of Ratification to be dispatched in the Time that they shall lave promised, in our Name, to fumish them. Given at the Hague, in our Assembly, ueder our Great Seal, the Paraphe of the President of our Assembly, and the Signature of our First Greffier, the 8th Day of March 1748.

(Signed)

H. Van Ut.

(Lower)

By Order of the said Lords the States General,

H. Fagel.

Translation of the States General's full Power.

The States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, To all those who shall fee these Presents, Greeting. Y\ hereas we desire nothing more ardently than to see the War, with which Christendom is at present affli&ed, terminated by a good Peace; and as the City of Aix la Chapelle has been agreed upon for the riace of the Conferences; we, by the same Desire of putting a Stop as far as shall be in our Power, to the Desolation of lb many Provinces, and to the Effusion of so much Christian Blood, have been willing to contribute thereto all that depends upon us; and to this End have already deputed some Persons heretofore to the said A trembly, out of our own Body, who have given several Proofs of the Knowledge and Experience which they have of publick Affairs, as well as of the Affection which they have for the Good of our State; to wit the Sieurs William Ben-finch. Lord of Rhoon and Pendrecht, of the Body of Nobles of the Province of Holland and West Friefeland. Curator of the University of Leyden, Sc. Frederic Henry, Baron Wajfenaer, Lord of Catw and of the Body

of Nobles of the Province of Holland and West Hoog Hecmrade of Rhynland, Sc. Sc Gerard Arnold felaer, Schepen and Senator of the City of Amsterdam, and Director of the East India Company, and Onno Zwier

Fan Harett, Grietman of WestStellingwerf, deputed Coun-fellor of the Province of Friefel and Commissary General of all the Swift and G Troops in our Service, respective Deputies in our Assembly, and in the Council of State, on the Part of the Provinces of Holland and West Friefeland, and Friefeland: And whereas we have at present thought proper to join a Fifth Person to the Four above-mentioned for this- same Purpose; and the Sieur John, Baron Fan Borffele, First Noble, and representing the Nobility in the States, in the Council, and in the Admiralty, of Zeeland, Director of the East India Company, and Deputy in our Assembly, on the Part of the said Province of Zeeland, has distinguished himself in several Employments of Importance for our Service, in which he has given Marks of his Fidelity, Application, and Address, in the Management of Affairs: For these Causes, and other good Considerations us thereunto moving, we have commissioned, ordained, and deputed, the said Sieur Fan Voi. 2$.

Borffele, do commission, ordain, and depute him, by Treaty of these Presents and have given and do give unto him full Peace with Power, Commission, and special Order, to g® to Aix la Prance, Set. Chapelle, in Quality of our Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary for the Peace; and there to confer with the AmbassadorsExtraordinaryandPlenipotentiaries of his most Christian Majesty and his Allies, provided with sufficient full Powers, and there to treat of the Means of terminating and pacifying the Differences which at'present occasion the War; and our said Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, together with the find Sieurs Bentick, Wajfenaer, Haffelaer, and Fan Haren, our other Four Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, or with any or any one of them, or even alone, in case of Absence of the others by Sickness, or other Impediment, shall have Power to agree about the-lame, and thereupon to conclude and sign a good and sure Peace, and in general to transact, negotiate, promise, and grant whatever he shall think necessary for the said Effect of the Peace; and generally to do every thing that we could do, if we were there present, even though a more special Power and Order, not contained in these Presents, should be necessary for that Purpose; promising sincerely, and bond side, to accept and keep firm and (lable, whatever, by the said Sieur Fan Borffele, together with our other Four Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, or any or any one of them, or by him alone, in case of Sickness, Absence, or other Impediment of the others, shall have been stipulated, promised, and granted; and thereof to cause our Letters of Ratification to be dispatched in the Time that they shall have promised to furnifti them. Given at the Hague, in our Act fembly, under our Great Seal, the Paraphe of the Prefi-dent of our Assembly, and the Signature of our First Greffier, the 45th Day of April 1748.

(Signed)

H. V. Hamerfion, Ut.

(Lower)

By Order of the said Lords the States General,

(Signed)

H. ",

Translation of the Accession of the Emprcls Queen of

Hungary.

In the Name of the moil Holy and Undivided Trinity, the Father, Son, and Holy Gboft.

Be it known to all whom it shall or may concern. The Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries of his Britannich Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty, and of the High ana Mighty Lords the Sfates General of the United Provinces, having concluded and signed in this City of Aix la Chapelle, on the 18th Day of this present Month of October, upon the Basis of the Preliminaries which were agreed upon and concluded between them, the 30th Day of April, of the present Year, a general and Definitive Treaty of Peace, and Two separate Articles, the Tenor whereof follows:

(Fiat Infertio.)

And the said Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries having, in a friendly Manner, invited the Am-baflador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary ofher Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, to accede thereto, in the Name of her said Majesty; that is to say, the Ambassadors under-written, on the Part of the most Serene and most Potent Prince George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, John, Earl of Sandwich, Viscount Hinchinbrooke, Baron Montague of St. Neots, Peer of England, First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, One of the Lords of the Regency of the Kingdom, his Minister Plenipotentiary to the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, and Sir 'Thomas Robinson, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, and to her Majesty the Em-prels Queen of Hungary and Bohemia and on the Part of

the most Serene and most Potent Princess Maria Therejia, by the Grace of God, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia,

Empress, the Lord IFencellas Anthony, Count de

688

17° Januarii. A\ 1748.

1 of with , See

Kaunitz Rittberg, Lord of Eff

Aufterlitz, Htmgrijehbrod \Wiefe, (Ac. actual Privy Coun-fellor to their Imperial Majesties, by virtue of their full Powers, which they have communicated to each other, and Copies whereof are annexed to the End of this present Act, have agreed on what follows:

That her Majesty the Kmprefs Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, being desirous of contributing tore-establish a> d confirm, as soon as. possible, the Repose of , accedes,

by virtue of the present Act, to the said Treaty and Two separate Articles, without any Reserve or Exception, in the firm Confidence that every thing which is therein promised to her said Majesty will be bond side fulfilled; declaring at the said time, and promising, that she will, in like manner, most faithfully perform all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, which relate to her.

His Britannick Majesty likewise accepts the present Accession of the Emprefc Queen of Hungary and Bohemia; and promises, in like manner, to perform, without any Reserve or Exception, all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, contained, in the said Treaty, and the Two separate Articles before inserted.

The Ratifications of the present Act shall be exchanged in this City of Ah la Chapelle, within the Space of Three "Weeks, to be computed from this Day.

In Witness whereof, we the Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, and her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, have signed the present Act, and have thereunto affixed the Seal of our Arms.

Done at Atif la Chapelle, the 23d Day of October

1748.

(L. S.) Sandwich. (L. S.) Le Compte V.A. de

\(L. S.) T. Robiujon. Rittberg.

Translation of the Empress Queen of Hungary's full Power.

We, Maria Therfia, by the Grace of God, Empress of 'the Romans and of Germany, of Hungary, Bohemia, Dalmatia, Croatia, Sclavonia, (Ac- Queen; Archduchess of 'Aufiria, Duchess of Burgundy, , Milan, Styria,

'Carinthia, Carniolia, Mantua, Parma, and Placentia,

! Lim burgh, Luxemburgh, Gueldre, of the

Upper and Lower Silesia, Princess of Suevia and Transilva-Marchioness of the Holy Roman Empire,

Moravia, and the Upper and Lower , Countess of

Hafjbtirg.'Flanders, Tirol, Ferrete, Kybourg, Goritia, Gradi/cat and Artois, Countess of Namur, Lady of the Marches df Slavonia, the Port of Naon, Saline, and Mechlin, (Ac. Duchess of Lorraine and Barr, Great Duchess of 7ufcany, (Ac. do make known and certify, by virtue of these Presents: Whereas we are informed. That the Congress, which had been opened at Breda, between she Ministers of she several Princes engaged in War, authorized to agree upon the Means of terminating the several Differences between them, and restoring Peace1, is diifolved, and that Conferences are to be held at la Chapelle; and as we have nothing more at Heart than to do every thing that depends upon us towards obtaining, as soon as possible, lb defiiable an End, in the most secure andrffeftual manner, we lose no Time in doing our Part towards the promoting so salutary a Work, by fending thither our Ministers Plenipotentiaries, whom we have moreoverinvested with the Character of our Ambassadors; confiding the refore intirely in tire often-tried Fidelity, Experience in Business, and great Prudence, of ouraftinil Privy Courffellor, IVencefiaus Anthony de Kaunitz and Rittberg, Count of the Holy Roman Empire; as also of Thaddeus, Free Baron of Reifchaour Lord of the Bed-

Chamber, Counsellor for the Government of and our Minister to the High and Mighty the States General of the United Provinces; both of whom, and each of them, we have inverted with the Character of our Ambassador, as well as with full Powers, as we do accordingly, by these Presents, invest them both, and each of them, in case of the Absence or Hindrance of the mother, in the most ample manner possible, to the end 24

that both, or either of them, in case of the Absence or Hindrance of the other, may join their Endeavours with our Allies, and their Ministers, with those of other Princes engaged in the present War, against us or our Allies, and with any One or more of them, furnished with the like full Powers, hold friendly Conferences, and agree upon any Matters and Things relating thereto; and when such Matters shall have been so agreed upon, whether jointly or separately, to sign and seal, and, in a Word, to do all those Things, in our Name, which we ourselves could do, if personally present; promising, on our Imperial, Royal, and Archiducal Word, That we will agree in, and accept of, and faithfully fulfil, all and singular such Acts as our beforesaid Ministers Plenipotentiaries, inverted over and above with the Character* of our Ambassadors, shall have so done, concluded, and signed. In Witness whereof, and for its greater Force, we have signed the present full Powers with our own Hand, and ordered our Imperial, Royal, and Archiducal Seal to be affixed thereto. Given in our City of Vienna, the 19th Day of December, in the Year 1747, the Eighth Year of our Reign.

(Signed)

Maria C. Count Ufeld.

By . Command of her Sacred, Imperial, Royal Majesty,

John Christoph.

Translation of his Catholick Majesty's Accession.

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost: So be it.

Be it known to all those to whom it shall belong, or can belong: The Ambassadors and Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty, and of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, having concluded and signed, at la Chapelle, the Eighteenth October of this Year, a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and Two separate Articles; the Meaning of which Treaty, and Two separate Articles, js as follows:

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost: So be it.

( Fiat Jnjertio

Be it known to all those to whom it shall or may belong in any manner whatsoever, (Ac. And the said Ambassadors and Plenipotentiaries having amicably invited the Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of his Catholick Majesty to accede thereto, in the Name of his said Majesty, the under-written Ambassadors, to wit, on the Part of the most Serene and most Potent Prince George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Duke of Brunswick and Lunenburgh, Arch-Treasurer and Elector of the Holy Roman Empire, (Ac. the Lords John Earl of Sandwich, Viscount of Hinchinbreok, Baron Montagu of St. Neot's,

Peer of England, First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, One of the Lords Regents of the Kingdom, his Minister Plenipotentiary to the Lords the States General of the United Provinces; and Thomas Knight

of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, and her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia: And on the Part of the most Serene and most Potent Prince Ferdinand the Sixth, by the Grace of God, King of and of the Indies, the Lord Don James Majfones de Solo Mayor, Gen-

tleman of the Chamber ofliis said Catholick Majesty, and Major General of his Armies; by virtue of their full Powers, which they have communicated, and Copies whereof are added at the End of the present Atft, are agreed upon what follows:

That his Catholick Majesty, desiring to contribute and concur to re-establish and settle, as soon as possible, the Peace of Europe, accedes, by virtue of the present Act, t the said Treaty and Two separate Articles, without any

Reserve

12 Geo. II. 17® Janitatii. 68p

Reserve or Exception, in a firm Confidence, That whatsoever is promised therein to his feid Majesty shall be faithfully fulfilled; declaring at the same time, and promising. That he will also perform most faithfully all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, which concern him.

In like manner hit Britanniek Majesty accepts the present Accession of his Catholick Majesty; and liktwife promises to perform, without any Reserve or Exception, all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, contained in the said Treaty, and Two separate Articles, inserted above.

The Ratifications of the present Act shall be exchanged in this City of Aix la Chapelle, in the Space of a Month,

to be computed from this Day;

In Testimony whereof, we, the Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries oOmBritannick Majesty, and of his Catholick Majesty, have ligned the present Act, and have caused the Seal or our Arms to be let thereto.

Done at Aix la CkapeUe % the aoth of 1748.

L. S.) Sandwich. (L. S.) Don Jayne Mafone

L. S.) T. Robinson. de Soto

Translation of his Catholick Majesty's full Power.

Ferdinand, by the Grace of God, King of , of Leon, of Arragon, of the Two Sicilies, of Jernfalem, of Navarre, of Granada, of Toledo, of of Galicia,

of Majorca, of Seville, of Sardin, of Cordova, of

of Murcia, of Jaen, of the Algarves, of Algezira, of Gibraltar, of the Canary Islands, of the East and ludies, the Islands and Terra Fima of the Ocean Sea; Archduke of Austria, Duke of Burgundy, of Brabant and

Milan, Count of Abjpxrg, of Flanders, , and Barcelona, Lord of Biscay, and of Molina, l£t. Whereas it has been my most earnest Desire, ever since Divine Providence has trofted me with the Government of the vast Dominions annexed to my Crown, to put an honourable End to the Troubles in which I found my Arms involved, and to concur in giving Peace to Europe, by all the just Means that should appear most conducive to that End: And whereas I knowing that several Ministers, particularly those of the Powers now at War, are meeting at la Chapelle, with the same View to a general Pacification: And it being the refore necessary that I should appoint One, to assist on my Part, endowed with that Fidelity, Zeal, and Understanding, requisite for such a Purpose, and finding in you, Don Jaime Mafones de Lima, Gentleman of my Bed-Chamber, and Major-General of my Armies, thele special and distinguished Qualifications, I do chuse and nominate you, to the end that, invested with the Character of my Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, you do repair, in my Name, to Aix la and repre-

fenting, at that Place, my own Person,yOu do treat and confer with the Minister or Ministers of the Powers now at War, who do already, or shall hereafter, reside there, or in any other Place, where it shall be thought convenient to treat: And, to the end that you may in the same manner conclude, and sign, with the said Ministers, the Treaty or Treaties, which Hull tend to the foie View of producing a solid and honourable Peace; and whatever you may thus treat of, conclude, and sign, I do, from this Time, acknowlege as accepted and ratified} and promise, upon my Royal Word, to observe and fulfil, and to cause the same to be observed and fulfilled, in the same manner as if I myself had treated and conferred upon, concluded, and signed the feme. To which End I do hereby give you all my Authority and full Power, in the most ample manner, as by Law required.

In Witness whereof, I have caused these Presents to be dispatched, signed with my Hand, and sealed with my secret Seal, and counter-signed by my under-written Counsellor and Secretary of State, and of the general Dispatch of War, the Revenues, Indies, and Marine.

Given at Aranjues the Twelfth of May 1748.

I, the King.

Cenon de Somo de Villa.

Vol. 15.

Translation of his Sardinian Majesty's Accession. Treaty of

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity,

Father, Son, and Holy Ghost: So be it. '

Be it known to all those to whom it shall or may belong:

The Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries of hi % Britanniek Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty,

and of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, having concluded and signed, in this City of Aix la Chapelle, the Eighteenth of the Month of October last, upon the Foundation of the Preliminaries at first agreed to, and settled amongst them, the Thirteenth of April, this Year; a general and definitive Treaty of Peace, and Two separate Articles: The Tenor of which Treaty, and separate Articles, is as follows:

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity,

Father, Son, and Holy Ghost: So be it.

(Fiat Infertio.)

Be it known to all those to whom it mayor shall belong,

&c. And the said Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries, havingamicably invited the Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries of his Majesty the King of Sardinia to accede thereto, in the Name of his said Majesty, the under-written Ambassadorsf to wit, on the Part of the most Serene and most Powerful Prince George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of^ Great France, and Ireland, the Lords John Earl of Sandwich,

Viscount of Hinchinbrooke, Baron Montagu of Saint Neat's,

Peer of England, Full Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, One of the Lords Regents of the Kingdom, his Minister Plenipotentiary to the Lords the States General Of the United Povinces; and Thomas , Knight of

the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of the RomanSi and her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia :And on the Part of the most. Serene and most Po-

tent Prince Charles Emanuel the Third, by the Grace of God, King of Sardinia, the Lords Don Joseph Chevalier Grand Croix, and Grand Confenrator of the Military Order of tire Saints Maurice and Lazarus, and Envoy Extaordinaryof his Majesty the King of to

his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and Joseph Borri,

Count de la Chavanne, his Counsellor of State, and his Minister to the Lords the States General of the United Provinces; by virtue of their full Powers, which they have communicated to each other, and Copies whereof are added, at the End of the present Act, have agreed upon what follows:

That his Majesty the King of Sardinia, deli ring to contribute and concur to re-establish and settle, as soon as possible, the Peace of Europe, accedes, by virtue of the present Act, to the said Treaty, and Two separate Articles.} in a firmjponfidence, That whatsoever is promised therein to his feid Majesty, shall be faithfully fulfilled; declaring at the feme time, and promising, That he. will also perform most faithfully all the Articles, Clauses; and Conditions, which regard him.

In like manner his Britanniek Majesty accepts the pro-lent Accession of his Majesty the King of Sardiniaand likewise promises to perform, without any Reserve or Exception, all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, contained in the said Treaty, and the Two separate Articles inserted above.

The Ratifications of the present Act shall be exchanged, in this City of Aix la Chapelle, in the Space of Twenty-five Days, to be computed from this Day.

In Testimony whereof, we, the Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries of his Britanniek Majesty, and of his Majesty the King of Sardinia, have signed the present Act, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be let thereto.

Done at Aix la Chapelle, the Seventh of November One thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight.

(L. S.) T. Robinson. (L. S.) Offorio.

(L. S.) De la Chavanne.

8 N

6oO i 70 Janua A. if 4ft.

Translation of the King of Sardinia's full Power.

'Charles Emanuel, by the Grace of God, King of Sardinia, of Cyprus, and of J Duke of Savoy, of

Moutferrat, of Atfit, of Chabiais, of the and of

Plnfauce, Prince of Piedmont, and of , Marquis of Italy, of Salutes, of Safa, of of Cave, of Man, of Oriftan, and of Se/ane, Count of Maurienne, of Geneva, of Nice, of Tenth, of Romont, of Act, of Alexandria, of

of Novara, of Tortona, of Figeva and of Bobbio, Baron of Vand, and of Faucigney, Lord of Verceil, of Pignerol, of Tarantaife, of the Lumelline, and of the Valley of Sefia, Prince and perpetual Vicar of the Holy Empire in Italy, isle. To all, who flyll fee these Presents, Greeting. Whereas, after having acceded to the preliminary Articles of Peace, signed the Thirtieth of April last, at Aixla -pelle, we are sincerely desirous of concurring in the perfect Re-establishment of the general Peace in Europe, to which all the Powers that have signed and acceded, as we have done, to the abovesaid preliminary Articles, are disposed to give their Assistance, by reducing those same preliminary Articles, and other Acts depending thereon, into One definitive Treaty of general Peace. For those Reasons, and ether Confidemtions us thereunto moving, we, trailing in the Capacity, Experience, Zeal, and Fidelity for our Service, of our dear, well-beloved, and trusty, the Chevalier Oftbrio, Knight, Grand Croix, and Grand Conservator of our Military Order of the Saints Maurice and Lazarus, and our Envoy Extraordinary to the King of;

and the Count Borri de la Ckavmne, our Counsellor of State, our Minister.to the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, and our Minister Plenipotentiary to the Conferences of Aix la Ckapelle; we have named and deputed them, as by these Presents we do name and depute them, our Ambaffedors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, and have given them, and do give them, rower, Commission, and special Order, in our Name, and in the said Quality of our Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, to make, conclude, and sign, both jointly, or One of them only, in case of Absence % , Sickness, or other Hindrance, of the other, with the respective Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries of t he above-mentioned Powers, jointly or separately, provided with Powers for that Purpose, such definitive Treaty of Peace, Articles, Conventions, or Acts, as they shall think fit, for reiastablishing, in a solid manner, the general Peace in Europe, of to accede to those which shall have been already concluded and signed, for the same End; willing that they should, upon those Occasions, aft with the same Authority as we would do, if we were present in Person, and even, if any thing should occur which might require a more special Order, not contained in these Presents; promising upon the Faith and Word of a King, to obfenre, and cause to be observed, inviolably, all that shall be madfe, agreed, regulated, and signed by the above-mentioned Chevalier Ojjbrio, and Count de la Chavanne, our Ambassadors Extraordinary and Plenipotentiaries, without contravening, or suffering any Contravention thereto, directly or indirectly, for what Cause, or under what Pretext soever, there shall or may be; as aHo to cause to be expedited our Letters of Ratification of it, in due Form, to be exchanged within the Term which shall be agreed on.

In Witness whereof, we have signed these Presents with our Hand, and caused them to be counter-ligned by the Marquis D. Leopold de Garret de Gorzegne, our First Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, ana caused the ftcret Seal of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Given at Turin, the Twenty-fourth of the Month of

August, in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight, and of our Reign the Nineteenth.

(L. S.) C. Emanuel.

(Lower)

Carret de Gorzegne.

Translation of the Accession of the Duke of

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghaft: So be it.

Be it known to all those to whom it shall or may belong: The Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries of his Britanuick Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty, and of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, having concluded and signed, in this City of Aix la Chapelle, the Eighteenth of the present Month of October, upon the Foundation of the Preliminaries, agreed upon and concluded at first amongst them, the Thirtieth April, this Year, a general and definitive Treaty of Peace, and Two separate Articles; the Tenor of which Treaty, and separate Articles, follows:

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghaft: So be it.

(Fiat I

Be it know to all those to whom it shall or may belong, lAt. And the said Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries, having amicably invited the Minister Plenipotentiary of his most Serene Highness Francis the Third, by the Grace of God, Duke of Modem, Reggio, istc.to accede thereto, in the Name of his most Serene Highness, the under-written Ambassadors and Minister Plenipotentiary, to wit, ohthe Partof the most Serene and most Potent Prince George the Second, by the Graoe of God, King of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, the Lords

John Earl of Sandwich, Viscount of llinchinbrooke, Baron Montagu of St. Neat's, Peer of England, First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, One of the Lords Regents of the Kingdom, his Minister Plenipotentiary to the Lords the States General of the United Provinces; and Thomas Robinson, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of the Romans, and her Majesty the Empress Queen of Hungary and Bohemia: And on the Part of his most Serene Highness the Duke of Modena, the Sieur Count de Monzone, his Counsellor of State, and Colonel in his Service, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his most Christian Majesty, in virtue of their full Powers, which they have communicated, and of which Copies are added at the End of the present Act, have agreed on what follows:

That his most Serene Highness the Duke of Modena, desiring to contribute and concur to re-establish and settle, as soon as possible, the Peace of Europe, accedes, by virtue of the present Act, to the said Treaty and Two separate Articles, without any Reserve or Exception, in a firm Confidence, That what is promised his; said most Serene Higness therein shall be faithfully fulfilled; declaring and promising, at the feme time. That he will also perform most faithfully all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, which concern him.

In like manner his Btitannlch Majesty accepts the present Accession of his most Serene Highness the Duke of Modena; and promises likewise to fulfil, without any Reserve or Exception, all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, contained in the said Treaty, and the Two separate Articles inserted above.

The Ratifications of the present Act shall be exchanged in this City of Aix la Ckapelle, in the Spate of Three Weeks, to be computed from this Day.

In Testimony whereof, we the Ambassadors Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of his Majesty, and of his most Serene Highness the Duke of Modena, have signed the present Act, and have Caused the Seal of our Arms to be set thereto.

Done at Aix la Ckapelle, the 25th of 174ft.

(L. S.) T. Robinson. (L. S.) L? Comte de Monzone.

Translation

22 Geo II. 170 Jah. {>91

Translation of the Duke of Modem's full Power.

Whereas in the Conferences, to be held at ChapeUe, for a general Pacification between the Powers interested in the present War, Affairs may be treated of which regard us, for which it may be necessary to have a Minister there, on whose Ability, Fidelity, and Prudence we may safely rely, we have not thought that we could employ any rerson with greater Confidence on this Occasion, than the Count de Monzaae, our Counselior of State, Minister Plenipotentiary at the Court of his mostChristian Majesty, and Colonel in our Service; for which Rea Son we do chuse and depute him for our Minister Plenipotentiary at the said Congrels, by giving and granting to him Faculty, Authority, and full Power, with general and special Order, to treat there, in our Name, of all Matters which concern us; and to promise, agree to, conclude, stipulate, and sign, on our rart, whatever be shall judge most convenient for our Service; desiring, for this End, the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of all the Courts concerned, which Shad be present at at the said Congress, to accept of, and acknowledge him as our Minister Plenipotentiary, promiiing on the Faith and Word ofa Prince, to hold as confirmed and ratified, and to approve and observe all tlut shall lie concluded, accepted of, and Stipulated, by the said Minister Plenipotentiary.

In Witness whereof, we have Signed these Presents, which shall be counter-Signed by One of our Secretaries of State, and have our Seal affixed thereto.

Given at Marseilles, the 30th Day of November 1748.

(L. S.) Francejco.

And underneath countersigned

Translation of the Republic of Genoa's Accession.

In the Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Gholt: So be it.

Be it known to all those to whom it shall or may belong: The Ambassadors Extraordinaries and Plenipotentiaries of his Britannick Majesty, of his most Christian Majesty, and of the High and Mighty Lords the States General of the United Provinces, having concluded and Signed, in this City of Aix la the Eighteenth

Day of the present Month of upon the Founda-

tion of the Preliminaries at first agreed upon and settled amongst them, the Thirtieth , of this Year, a general and definitive Treaty of Peace, and Two separate Articles; of which Treaty and separate Articles, the Mean-ir.g is as follows:

In t'.ic Name of the most Holy and Undivided Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost: So be it.

(Fiat infer

Be it known to all those to whom it shall or may belong, c sc.And the said Ambassadors Extraordinaries

and Plenipotentiaries having amicably invited the Minister Plenipotentiary of the moll Serene Republick of Genoa to accede thereto, in the Name of the most Serene Republick of Genoa, the under-written Ambassadors and

Minister Plenipotentiary, to wit, on the Part of the most Serene and most Potent Prince George the Second, by the Grace of God, King of Great , and

Ireland, the Lords John Earl of Sandwich, Viscount of Hinchinbroke, Baron Montagu of St. s, Peer of England, First Lord Commissioner of the Admiralty, One of the Lords Regents of the Kingdom, his Minister Plenipotentiary to the Lords the States General of the United Provinces; and Thomas Robin, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and his Minister Plenipotentiary to his Majesty the Emperor of the and her Majesty the femprefs-Queen of Hungary and Bohemia: And on the Part of the most Serene Republick of Genoa, the Sieur Francis Marquis , by virtue of their full Powers, which they have communicated, and Copies whereof are added at the End of the present Act, are agreed upon what follows:

Vou 25.

That the most Serene Republick of Genoa, desiring to contribute and concur to re-establish and settle the Quiet of Europe, accedes, by virtue of the present Act, to

the said Treaty and Two separate Articles, without any ReServe or Exception, in a Sinn Confidence, That whatsoever is protnifed therein to the Said moll Serene Republick shall be faithfully fulfilled; declaring, at the Same time, and promising, that She will aiSo perform most faithfully all the Articles, Claudes, and Condition!, which regard her.

In like manner his Rritamick Majesty accepts the present Accefljoo of the most Serene Republick of Genoa; and likewise promises to perform, without aay ReServe or Exception, all the Articles, Clauses, and Conditions, contained in the said Treaty, and the Two Separate Articles, inserted above.

The Ratifications of the present Act shall be exchanged in this City of Aix la ChapeUe, in the Space of Twenty-five Days, to be computed from this Day.

in Testimony whereof, we the Ambassadors Extmordi-flaries and Minister Plenipotentiary of hit Britannick Majesty, and the most Serene Repuhlick of Genoa, have Signed the present Act, and have caused the Seal of our Arms to be Sot thereto.

Done at Aix la ChapeUe,the Twenty-eighth One thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight.

(L. S.) T. Robinson. (L. S.) Ft*'". Marquis

D'Oria.

Translation of the Republick of Genoa's full Power.

The Doge, Governors, and Procurators, of the Republick of Genoa. ConScious of the Experince, Fidelity, and Zeal of our Partrician Francefco Maria D'Oria, we have cholen and deputed him as our Minister Plenipotentiary at the Conferences of Peace at Apttfgrano, otherwise Aix la Chapelle, or any other Place where the said Conferences of Peace may hereafter be held, or transferred toi and we have given and conferred upon him, as we do give and confer upon him, ample Faculty and full Power, with general and Special Order to treat there, in r.ur Name, upon the Affairs which regard os, and to agree to, conclude, Stipulate, and sign, oft our Part, whatever he shall apprehend to be most Suitable to onr Interest, and that in the same manner -as we .©urselves, were we present, could do, although a more full and special Order than the present might be requisite; desiring, for this End, the Ministers Plenipotentiaries of all the Courts concerned, which shall be present at the Said Conferences, to accept of, and acknowlege, him as our Minister Plenipotentiary; promising on the Faith and Word of a Prince, to hold as confirmed and ratified, and to observe all which shall be concluded, accepted. Stipulated, and Signed, by the fame, in virtue of the present full Power; as also to dispatch our Ratifications in due Form, to be exchanged within the Time which shall be agreed upon.

In Witness whereof, these Prtfents shall be signed by our under-written Secretary of State, with our common Seal affixed thereto.

Given at our Royal Palace, this First of March, 1748.

(L. S.) O'. Giuseppe Maria Serf orio.

Secretary of State.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of was presented to the HouSe, and read; Setting forth, That, in order to repair and enlarge the Said Road, several Tolls were granted and made payable, and other Powers given by the said Act, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, to commence

Treaty of Peace with France, &c.

Rochester, &c. Roads.

691 17* Januarii. A. 1748.

mence from the 24th Day of June 1728: That Toon after this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's passing of the said Act, the said Petitioners caused several Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads, as they were, by and Records, the said Acts, impowered to do: And that Doubts and Disputes arising upon the Construction of some of the Clauses RejolThat an humble Address be presented to Regiments on

in the said Act, another Act passed in the Ninth Year of his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Into Service, his said present Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend Directions, that there be laid before this House, a List of the before-mentioned Act: And that, although all the the Regiments intended for the Service of Ireland, for Money collected and received, by virtue of the said first- the Year 1749; with an Account of the Number of mentioned Act, hath been duly laid out and applied, Men in each Troop and Company.

according to the Directions thereof, yet, that Part of the RejolThat an humble Address be presented to his Regiments said Road which leads from The Sign of the Bells, in the Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- ditbinded. Parish of St. Margaret, in Rochester, to Maidstone, is, in reftions, that there be laid before this House, an Account

the Winter Season, in a ruinous Condition, and, notwith- of what Regiments, have been ordered to be disbanded standing such Amendments as have been made thereon, in since the Signing of the Treaty of Peace in October lasty pursuance of the said first-mentioned Act, will, in a short and also what Number of Men have been ordered to be Time, become very bad again, if some Provision be not discharged out of each Troop and Company, and at what made for the further amending and keeping the same in Times respectively.

Repair; And therefore, and in regard the said Road, Orde, That the said Addresses be presented to his (containing Eight Miles and upwards) cannot, by reason Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his of many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, fame, be effectually repaired and made commodious for

all Passengers, unless the subsisting Term and Powers, The Lord , from the Commissioners for exe- Navy-

granted by the said former Act (now near expiring) lo far cuting the Office or Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, Elbnute*. as concerns the said Road only, be enlarged, and the said presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his former Acts amended, explained, and made more effec- Majesty, The Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, tual, praying. That the House will be pleased to give for the Year 1749:

Leave for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Or-Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the der, an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- the 31st of 1748:

amine the Matter thereof; and report the dune, as it shall He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad-appear to them, to the House. drels to his Majesty, an Account of the Charge of the

And it is referred to Mr. Horjmonden Turner, Major Transport Service, for the Year 1748.

Fairfax, Mr. Barne, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hamp- And the Titles of the said Estimates and Account den, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gwynne, were read.

Mr. Gildart, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Colleton, Lord The Ordinary Estimate of the Navy is bound up with Gallway, Mr. Glanville, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Gulf one, the other Papers of this Session: And,

Mr. Newnham, Mr. Joliffe, Sir Edw. Hawke, Mr. Kent, The Abstract thereof is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Wimungton, Mr. Nath. Newnham, Sir John Rushout,

General Onslow, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Pkillipfon,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Luke Robinson, Mr. Gore, Admiral

Vernon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Lloyde; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex,

Surrey, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet

22 Geo. II.

17° Januarii.

693

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1749.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, idc. Commissioners of the Navy; with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments and Contingencies relating the reto

3-

4-

6.

7.

8.

9-

10.

11.

12.

l5-4-

lS-

16.

Superannuated Sea Officers Petitions Allowances C Chatham / Deptford I lf 'oolwich

J Portsmouth I Sheerness

[ Plymouth

Yards.

I5»889

J»968

3.5

3,082

4>549 4,2 98

*,813

2,516

10

1

7

it

8

24

4

to

Muster-master, and other Officers of the Out-Ports ——

Wages to Ships and Vessels in ordinary - - - - ~ -

Visuals to Officers and Men lervirtg therein -

Charge of tire Harbour-Moorings, and Harbour-Rigging - -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs,

Buildings, tdc. - -

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen ——

Half-Pay to Sea-Officers ——

Total of the Ordinary Eftithate of the Navy, for the Year 1749 -

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, in the Royal Hospital at an additional Number of disabled Seamen, taken, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now Eleven hundred Men maintained in the said Hospital; as also for a sufficient Number of Nurses, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings; and other Incidents of the said Hospital; for the Year 1749; Ten thousand Pounds ——

L

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1749, amounts to Two hundred Ninety-five thousand Eight hundred Seventy-eight Pounds and Eight Pence.

R*Haddock, Ja. Ac worth,

Jof. Allin

Dan. D

Will. Corbett>

R. Osborn,

Edward Fa.

£ ' d' 34,*«i 10

,857 2

i7»76°

16

4,468 5 16,796 1

- A — — "

JO ,000 —

295,878

— 8

The E S T IM A T E of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy* on the 31 ft of Dumber 1748, as folkweths

Vol. 1$.

BO

17° Jamarii.

A. 1748.

694

Navy-Office, TAn E ST IM AT E of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, 13th January 1748. X as it flood on the 31st December 1748.

Heads of the Naval fiftimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of TransportSj (Ac. supplied for the Service thereof - , - -

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1748; as aK'o to several Bills of Exchange - -

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and ' Extraordinary - -

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according: to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf -

Seamen's Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, (Ac. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1748 -

To discharge and pay off all the Bills, entered on Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men (lain at Sea, (Ac, -

Victualling Debt; as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off -

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course -

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1748 For necesfaiy Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of Sick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service - - -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Five millions Six hundred Eighty-three thousand Two hundred Seventy-three Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence Half Penny ——

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurer's Hands, as on the other Side

The Debt will then be Five millions Four hundred Fifty-nine thousand Six hundred Seventy-six Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eleven Pence Half-penny -

N.B. In this Debt is included for Freight of Transports between 1 ft January 1747, and 31st December 1748 - -

And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between 1 ft January 1747, and 31st December 1748, amounts to -

For which Sum of £.112,449 ls- 9^- no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided forlaft Year,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be Five millions Three hundred Forty-seven thousand Two hundred Twenty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny ——

Particulars.

£. s.

2,088,040 9 2'

27,350 xi —

112,905 15 8

341,358 ——

30,457 a 6

939,x95 17 8;

1,031,898 ——

29,055 7 8

22,673 *5 7

9i°»764 >8 11

8,020 7 5

3,260 2 11

35,819 16 8

TOTAL.

£. t. d.

> 2,600,111 18 4

2,000,149 5

4»

1,020,539 1 6

62,473 ——

5,683,273 5 2i

223,596 8 3

68,580 8 5

43,868 13 4

5»459.676 16 112,449 1 9

5,347,227 i5

R* Haddock, Ja. Acwo Jos. Allin, Dan. Devert.

Will. Corbett,

R. Osborn,

Edward Falkingham.

Memorandum:

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1748, in Money, aa under-mentioned; and may be reckoned

towarda fat isfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy:

On the Heads of

In what TREASURERS Hand*. In MONEY. / Wear tad Tear, Ordinary and Transporu. Seamen's Wa^es. Victuals. \ TOTAL.

In Money ----- -- D®, towarda the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen £. s. d. £ s. d. L s. d. £ d.

Executors of Thomas Clutte Esquire^ 2,672 12 5* 1 7*9 11 6 H *5* 8 >*T } 3,545 *3 7

Executrix of Sir Charles Wager - - - j In Money ----- -- D®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 2.194 13 m 9 599 5*3 li 5 l{ 37 m m *7 *i } 3.345 9 8

William Corbett Esquire - - - . In Money - - D®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 3>849 4 m - 9* 3-204 264 f 8 11 to 7 98 1 8 J 7,4x6 x6 roi

Right Honourable Sir John Rujbout Baronet -1 In Money ----- -- D*, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 7>903 m — 2i 148 658 12 2 7i x,8a6 m *5 8 J 10,536 18 5f

Right Honourable Geo. Doddington Esquire - In Money - - - - _ -D®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen 20,59 x 4 m 8* m *42,849 13 *7.484 *3 6i 5i *7,825 *7 nf m } *98,751 9 7*

37.2" 3 tof 166,444 3 — i *9,94* 1 3i \ ata3,596 8 3

The AC^C O U NT of the Charge of the Transport Service, for the Year 1748, is as followeth \

O

o

as

no

22 Geo II. 17® Januarii.

Paper* re-ibeAing St. Lucia, fcc»

Call of the House.

696 i8° Jcinuarii. A. 1748.

1

Navy-Office, 7 An ACCOUNT of the Charge oftlieTransport Service, for the Year 1748; prepared pursuant

13th January 1748.3 to an Order from the Honourable House of Commons, dated 6th December 1748;

Nature of the Expence* Sum. TOTAL.

For North America. £. s. d. £ * d‘

Freight - -- -Charge of Cabbins, Platforms, 2nd other Conveniencies, built on board 5,141 — r

Transports - - - -Salary to the Person acting as Agent - - - For the Mediterranean. 159 4 8 309 — — 5,609 4

Freight *- - -; - - - - ~ - For Great Britain, Flanders, 'and Holland. Freight - - - - - - Charge of Horse Hammacoes and Stores supplied to, and of Cabins, Stalls, Platforms, and other Conveniencies, built on board, the Transports, with the Expence of surveying them - -Wharfage, Port-charges, -and other Expences attending the Embarkation of 46,848 i? 5; 6,170 9 8 J 3*7 9 5

Forces between Great Britaina.nd Holland - - , -- - -Purchase of Hay, Oats, and other Reguifites; Hire of Sloops and-Lighters for putting the same on Board, and othe^ necessary Charges attending thereon Salaries to Persons a<sting as Agents - Pilotage of Transports between Great Britain and Holland - The whole amountinfffto the Sum of Sixty-eight thousand pure hundred > 1 2,632 16 — 5,085 16 — 819 15 — 1,086 5 2 / 62,643 >4 3

and Eighty PoundslEight Shillings and Five Pence - - - -) T £>m 68,580 8 5

-j

Rd.Haddock, Wil

Ja. Acworth, R.

Jof. Allin, Edward

Ddn. Devert,

' -1

Ordered, That the faiU Estimates and Account do lie upon the Table, to be pefufed by the Members of the House.

y

A Motion was made, and the Question Was proofed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased togive Directions, that there be laid before-this House, Copies of the In-struiftions given to the Governors of Barbadoes, for Ten Years last past, so far as -the same relate to the Inlands of S‘a. Lucia, Dominico, St. Vincent, and 'Tobago:

And the previous Question being put, That that Question be now put;

It passed in the Negative*

t

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House* being read

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House be now called over;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for he Yeas.J^ . ] .84.

Tellers for/he Noes,^;

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of Town without the Leave of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 18°;

Anno 220 jCcorgii 11'" Regis, 1748.

Prayers.:

MR. Amyand reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling John Griffin Whitwell Esquire, and his Iflup, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Griffin, was'.committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and.thdt the Committee had directed him to rejxirt the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table,

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Vernon have Leave to go into the Country fop a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Metcalfe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing East Wood hey Down, and the open and common Fields of East and

Hollington, in the County of Southampton, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, except,

Widow, Mary Wimbolt, and James Shrimptcn, which several Persons have only Forty-two Acres and Fourteen Poles, in the whole; and that the several Persons who have given their Content to the Bill, are Proprietors of about One thousand Two hundred and Fifty Acres; and that all the said Parties have been appriled of the intended Inclosure, and that none of them have appeared before the said Committee to oppose the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereupto; wuich they had directed him to report to the Hjoulej and he tead the Report in

his

Wmtwell'l

Name.

Leave rf Absence.

P.a4

WooJbey

Indoiure.

ft

AnfWcr so Address.

fDi (banded Regiments.

Supplj.

22 Geo. II. 18° — 190 Januarii. 697

his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fcvc-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'cJ.,

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addresses of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graci-oully pleased to give Directions, that the Lift and Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of what Regiments have been ordered to be disbanded since the Signing of the Treaty of Peace in last; and also

what Number of Men have been ordered to be discharged out of each Troop and Company, and at what times respectively.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majest)'s Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and for the Year 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty, concluded at

Whitehall, the 27th April 1744, with the Elector of

Mentz, and Translation (presented to the House upon the 38th Day of January 1744) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between his Majesty and the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of for 6,000 Hessians, signed and concluded at Hanover June \ 745, and Translation (presented to the House upon the 19th Day of December 1745) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty of Friendship, good Understanding, and Subsidy between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and their High Mightinefies the States General, of the One Part; and his Serene Highness the Elector of Bpvaria, on the other Part; by virtue whereof, and for the Subsidies then stipulated, his most Serene and Electoral Highness yields to the Pay of the States General, for the Term of Four Years, a Body of Infantry, with its Staff, Artillery, idc. to be employed, during this Time, in the Service of the Maritime Powers; Munich the 21 ft of July 1746, and Translation (presented to the House upon the 33d Day of January 1746) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, lliat the Copy of the Act of Prolongation of the Treaty of Friendship and Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Electoral Highness of Mentx, concluded and ligned at Whitehall, 17th June 1747,and Translation (presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1747) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the subsidiary Convention between his Majesty and the States General on the One Part; and the Duke of H olfenbuttle, on the other; ligned at the Hague, the 1 ft of February 1748, N. S. and Trans-Vot. 35.

lation (presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1747) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker reifumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Lift of the Regiments intended for the Service of Ireland, for the Year 1749; with an Account of the Number of Men in each Troop and Company: And also,

An Account of what Regiments have been ordered to be disbanded in Ireland, since the Signing of the Treaty of Peace in October last.

And the Titles of the said Lift and Account were read.

The said Lift and Account are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 190 die Januarii;

Anno 220 Georgii Ildi Regis, 1748.

Pr AYERS.

APET IT IOjN of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, are deeply interested in the Allegation contained in a Petition presented to this House, by the said Company, That they, the said Company, are indebted to the Amount of£.100,000: And representing to the House, That the said Company's Forts and Settlements, which, by Parliament, and sundry Resolutions of this House, have been declared necessary for the Protection of the Trade

to Africa, have, for many Years last past, been, in great measure, supported and secured by the Stores, Goods, and Merchandizes, supplied to the said Company by several of the Petitioners: That the repeated Aids, granted to the said Company by the Publick, have proved an Inducement, with most of the Petitioners, to trust them, which they would not otherwise have done: And that the Substance of the said Company being now reduced to the single Property they have in the said Forts and Settlements, the Petitioners, and the rest of the said Creditors, whose private Fortunes have been thus employed for the Publick Good, are in Danger of losing their just Demands,

g P without

Ways and Means.

Lift of Regiments incended for IriQi Service, &c.

African

Company.

i cf Januarii. A. *748.

without the generous Interpolation and Assistance of the Legislature: And therefore praying the House, to take the deplorable same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and grant them such Relief therein as to the Wisdom and Equity of Parliament shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Famborough Lord George Sackville reported from the Committee, Road. to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-weft End of the Town or Village of Famb, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of in

the said Count)', was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commijttee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grofled.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Six hundred and Twelve thousand Two hundred and Thirty Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and

Fifty-seven effective Men, for Gyards and Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, fey} and Jersey, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Sixty-four PoundjS One Shilling and Five Pence Halfpenny, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and , and for

Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia, Gibraltar, and Providence, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comm^tee. That a Sum not exceeding Forty-four thousand Seven hundred and Forty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand Five hundred Forty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wo/fenbuttle, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand and Seventy-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hesse Cajjel, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred and Twenty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Menlz, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Island of Cape Breton, and the Twelve Independent Companies of Foot in the -Indies, for the Year 1749.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as follows;

ESTIM ATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Island of Cape Breton, and of the Twelve Independent

Companies of Foot in the East Indies, for the Year 1749.

Numbers. Pay of the Regiments, &c. for 365 Days.

Colonel Hopfons Regiment - Colonel War bur ton' % ----- - Colonel Shirley's, - - - .-Sir William Pepper ell's, - 815 815 S24 824 3>278 1 >381 £ s- , 15.217 9 2 15.217 9 2 >5*947 9 >5*947 9

Officers of the Garrison of Loui/bourg - -Twelve Independent Companies of Foot in the -Indies - - - -Provisions for the Regiments at Cape Breton —

Total m ~ 4A59 -

TOTAL.

62,329 16

1,63° 6

»3*$5a — 24,000 —

111,612 3

War-Office,

18th January 1748-9.

II. Fox.

d.

8

8

4

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

l^unccy 2 30 diJanuarii;

Anno 22° Georgii II. Regis, 1748. Praters.

A PETITION of the Owners and Proprietors of several Fen Lands and low Grounds called,

Blackbujh, IVype, Great Qldeameert, Little Oldeameere, the

Turves,

t

Charge of Forces at Cape Ureton, &c.

Whittled

Drainages

Whi chim Drainage.

2a Geo. II. r<f Jamarii. 699

Turves, and Eafirea Fen, otherwHc Fen, Glajfmorc,

and of the common Field Lands called hatterfye Field, Stonald Field, and Church ,4II lying

within die Bounds ai.d Precincts of within the

Isle of Ely, on behalf of themselves, and all others the

Owners and Proprietors of Linds in the said Fens and Fields rel'pe£tivdy, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the said Fen Innds, low Grounds, and common Field Lands, confiding of a fertile S >il, arc capable of producing, and do naturally produce.great Quantities of Corn and Grain; and also Grafe, Hay, and Fodder, for the Dcpafturing and Feedingot Cattle; whereby great Profits might arile to the Publick and the Petitioners: That from the low and fl it Situation of the said Lards and Ground , and the Decay of their Drains and Outfalls to Sea, the same arc liable to be overflown, and covered with Water; and cannot bedrained and kept dry, u less some Powers and Provisions be made and g'anted for that Purpose by Authority of Parliament: And therefore prnving. That Leave may be given to br ng in a Bill fi r the more effectual draining and preserving the said Lands and Grounds, in such manner as to the House Hull feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall a'p-peal to (hem, to the House:

And it is refer ed to Mr. Torke, Sir Francis Mr. Jenyns, M . Metcalf:, Mr. West, oir John Cust, Lord Parker Sir Join Turner, Mr. Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Sandy*, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sir

Thomas Hales, M; Fd'itrs, iMr Montagu, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kmafton, Mr. amiiton. Sir Cha.

Alderman Baker, Mr Cr..y, Mr. Bacon, Lord Lux boron? h, Mr. Thornton, NL. H'innin'. 'on Lord May'T of L<nd-n. Mr. <Sh utile.tort h, Mr. Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. her ope, Mr. ' levetand, Mr. Mr. Wtlles, Mr.

FeUoives, Mr. Guy bon, Mr WMr. Bethel/, Mr. H hit worth, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Master, Vlr . Legh, M . Mr. Charter Yorke,

C'Vonel Bock!an d, Sir. Tuc/field, Mr. Hawkins, Mr.

Warburton, Sir John Barrington; and all the Members who terve for the Counties ot Cambridge, Lincoln, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Aticrnoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Owner* and Proprietors of Fen Lands within the Parish of Whitckam, w.thm the Isle of Ely, was presented to the House, and, read; letting forth. That One of the Petitioners did join, and the other Petitioners did intend to join, in a Petition presented to the House, intituled, " A Petition of several Persons, whole

Names are thereunto ubferibed, being Lords of the " Manors of Sutton and Mepall ,in the Isle of Ely and

" County of Cambridge, and of and Pidley

" with Fenton, in the County < f Huntingdon, and Ow ners and Proprietors of Lauds lying m ti e Parishes of " Sutton, Mepall, Some)sham, and Pidley with " aforesaid, and in the Pa ilhes of Chatteris and Dodd " ton, and in a certain extraparoihial Place in by " Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge " aforesaid; praying. That Leave might be given to " bring in a Bill to imbank and drain the Lands f those " Petitioners, containing Twelve ihoufimd Acres, or " thereabouts, and lying in the Places above-mentioned;" and that it appears by the Votes of the House, That, upon the Report of the Examination of the Matter of the said Petition, a Bill is ordered to be brought in for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands within such Parishes only as are before named, and not such of the Lands of the Petitioners as lie within the Parish of Whitcham, although the said Lands are Pait of the said Twelve thousand Acres: And praying the House, That the Provisions in the said Bill may extend to the Fen Lands within the Parish of Whitcham, which were intended to be included therein -, or that tuch other Pr<*vifi n may be made for draining and preserving the said Lands as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Consideratton of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the Manor of Sutton and A in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and of Sumer-fkam and Pidley with Fenton, in the County 01 Huntingdon, and Owners and Proprietors ol Lands ying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton ifoie-fiid, md in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, and in a certain extraparochial Place called Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge aforesaid, was referred, be revived; and that this Pciiiton be referred to that Committee.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, prelenred to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st December 1747, to the 31st December 1741!, upon a Medium of each Month, difbnguishing w..at Number were borne, and what muf-tered, in t lie said Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follows; viz.

Vox.. 25.

Account of Seamen.

700 19° Januarii. A. 1748.

Navy Office, >Ah ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, 13th January 1748.3 from the 31st December 1747, to the 31st December 1748, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the nth Instant.

MONTHS.

January 1747

February -

March 1748

April

May

June

July

August September -October November-December -

Upon a Medium

Rd. Haddock, Ja.

R. Osborn, Edward

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

fter Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto *' subscribed.for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, in order to repair the said Roads, several Tolls were granted, and other Powers given, by the said Act, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, to commence from the 31st Day of May 1729: That although the Money arising by the Tolls collected by virtue of the said Act hath been duly laid out and applied according to the Directions thereof, yet many Parts of the Roads are, in the Winter Season, in a ruinous Condition; and such Parts thereof as have been amended, in pursuance of the said Act, will in a short time become very bad again, if some Provision be not made to keep the same in Repair: And therefore, and in regard the said Roads (containing Twenty-seven Miles and upwards) cannot, by reason of the Smallness of the annual Income arising by the Tolls, and the many heavy Carriages frequently passing through the fame, be effectually repaired, and made commodious for all Passengers, unless the subsistingTerm and Powers, now near expiring, be enlarged and the former Act made more elsedual, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it (halt appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord , Mr. Norborne ley, Mr. Prowse, Lord Geo. Bentinck, Sir Cha. daunt, Mr. Hampden, Sir Edw. Mr. Wm. Morgan, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Tho. Morgan Lord Dupplin, Sir John Cud,

Mr. Kynaston, Lord Bateman, Mr. Py/ts, Mr. , Mr. Gray, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Mr. Yorke, Sir

Eger ton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Popham, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mr. Fellowes,

Sir Walt, Wag. Bagot, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Robinson, Dr. Newland, Mr. L. Robinson; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties ot Hereford, Monmouth, Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak-

Seamen. Soldiers and Marines, Pm of Complement.

/ Borne. A Muttered. (: — borne. Muttered.

52,701 48.438 6,950 6,680

52,8x1 49.582 7,016 6,752

52»959 49,928 7,081 6,7^0

- 54.106 50,0-2 7,084 6,748

5 2,6 43 49,0*6 6,858 6,587

51>M7 48,306 6,521 6,305

47,610 45722 6,'55 5.923

44,024 40,480 5,* 59 4,999

37»254 337" 4759 4.535

34.402 30,056 4,460 4.231

3»> 461 26,732 3,842 3.684

26,918 23,807 2,842 2,749

538,336 496,530 68,827 65,953

44,861 4L377 5735 5.496

Jtf. Allin, Dan. Devert. Will. Corbett.

er's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill for inclosing and dividing East Wood-hey Down, and the open and common Fields of East Woodhey and Hollington, in the County of Southampton, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosing and dividing and the open and common Fields of Eafi Woodhey and Hollington, in the County of Southampton, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Horsemonden 'Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, \a Rochofter, to and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Kent, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

Two Acts of Parliament, of the First and Ninth Years of his present Majesty, were read: And,

Mr. John Mason, General Receiver of the said Tolls, being examined, said. That all the Money collected by virtue of the said Acts had been laid out in the Repair of the said Road, which is still in a ruinous Condition: That 'tis impossible to amend and keep the same in Repair without a further Continuation of the said Tolls and Duties; the Statute-work of several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, being insufficient for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of the First, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish

of

East

Woodhey

Inclosure-

Rochefh &c. Roac

WiutwelTt

Name.

Sopplf.

Way* and Mean*.

a* Geo. II. 190 — 24"

of S/. Margaret'*, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for rendering the same more effectual: And that Mr. Turner and

Mr. Fairfax do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling John Griffin Whitxccl Esquire, and his I Hue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Griffin, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the B'll do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Amy and do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses stated at Lady-day 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christ-mas 1748, of the Income of the additional Itares and Duties on Glass Wares and fiirituous Liquors, for Ltis-fying the several Annuities chargeable thercujon, by an Act of Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty s Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at mas 1748, of the Income of the additional Import on all Wines imported, for satisfyirgi he several Annuitiescharge-able thereupon, by an Act of Parliament of the 18th Year of his Majesty's lleign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Island of Cape Breton, and of the Twelve independent Con.panics of F<x>t in the East Indies, for the Year 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Oi Jinary Eft mute of his Majesty's Navy, for the Yi^r 1749, be efeired to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1749, Land Service, be referred 1 1 the said Committre.

Ordered, That the Accou it or the Charge of the Tranf-port Service, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. S[<aker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported trom the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, Thai, this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of die Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furtliefof Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

u9

Vol. 5.

' Januarii. 701

Mart is, 24.0 die 'Januarii;

Anno 12* Georgii II41 Regis, 174S. Prayers.

MR. William Leveson Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Samuel Grundy, now called Samuel Swinfen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway or Road leading from the City of to the Bo-

rogh of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, as for putting in Execution One other Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the Lid first-mentioned Act, and for making the same morecffcftual; and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Worcester-, was presented to t he House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Acts, several Tolls and Duties were granted, continued, and made payable, to the Trustees therein respectively named for repairing the Roads in the said Acts described; and the Term granted by the Act of the 12th Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the Tolls thereby granted, were to take place from the First Day of June 1714, and to continue for Twenty-one Years; which Term and Tolls were, by the Act of the Twelfth of his late Majesty, and the Articles, Rules, and Clauses, therein expressed (except such Clauses as are thereby explained, altered, or amended) and the Authorities and Powers for collecting and accounting for such Tolls, and for borrowing Money thereupon, and for putting the said Act of the Twelfth Year of her late Majesty in Execution.continued, and extended to the additional Roads and Streets in the Act of the Twelfth of his late Majesty mentioned, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years: That the Trustees, the better to put the said Acts in Execution, have, from time to time, taken up at Interest large Sums of Money, which, together with the Monies arising by the Tolls aforesaid, hath been applied according to the Directions of the several Acts; notwithstanding which, the Roads and Streets, so directed to be repaired, are, by means of many heavy Carriages passing through and over the fame, continually breaking up in several Parts, especially in the Winter Season; and such Parts thereof, as have been already amended, will in a short time become ruinous, if not constantly kept in Repair: That the Repairs of the Roads and Streets, by the said Acts directed to be amended and kept in Repair, cannot, withifi the Compass of the additional or continued Term, be effectually repaired, and Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, and now remaining due, be discharged, unless the subsequent Term of Twenty-one Years, granted and continued by the Act of the Twelfth of his late Majesty, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and continuing the said subsequent Term of Twenty-one Years for such further Time or Term of Years, and with such additional or other Clauses, Powers, and Authorities, as the House shall fee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration cf a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John R:flout, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Lyttleton, Mr.

Hale, Mr. Wm, Lxttkton, Mr. Mr. if'Hies,

' 8 Q ' Mr.

Grundy*

Name.

Worcester,

See-

Roads.

Cambridge

Writ.

Leave of Absence.

Supply.

702 240 Januarii. 1748.

Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Lev. Gown, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Pel- That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Three hun-diam, Mr. Trevanion, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Ashe, Mr. dred and Eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence,

Colleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Thornton, Mr. be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Webb, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Mitchell, Lord Parker, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. lirereton. Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of fpi-Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Temple, Sir John Turner, Mr. rituous Liquors at Lady-day 1748.

Cocks, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lytlcr, Mr. Tracey, Lord Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Strange; and all the Members who serve for the Coun- That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Two hun-ties of Worcester, Warwick, and Stafford: And they are dred and Ninety-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and Five

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Per- to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, forts, Papers, and Records. to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1748.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Eight hun-Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament dred and Twenty-seven Pounds Twelve Shillings and hixT for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sink-in the room of Christopher Jeaffrefon Esquire, deceased. ing Fund the like Sum paid odt of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Ordered, That Mr. Fairfax have Leave to go into the Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-three thousand Eight Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred hundred and Four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, Peny Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the spirituous Liquors at Midsummer 1748. same were read; and are as follow; viz. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Two That a Sunt not exceeding Two hundred Eighty-five hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Five thousand Eight hundred Seventy-eight Pounds and Pence Three Farthings, be granted to his Majesty, to re-Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Ordinary place to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the of the Navy, for the Year 1749, including Half-pay to fame, to make good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Sea Officers. Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Michaelmas 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion «of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tilts Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Four hundred -granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Sup- Sixty-two Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence, be port of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the better granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency, iMaintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn at Christmas 1748, of the additional Duties on all Wines out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country, imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Thirty-four That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-one thousand Eight thousand Three hundred and Sixty-six Pounds Seventeen hundred Twenty-two Pounds Ten Shillings and Fiv©

Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the Duties on Glass and for the Year 1749. spirituous Liquors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The First Resolution of the Committee being read a That, a Sum, not exceeding Forty-two thousand Seven Second time;

hundred and Eighty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two A Motion was made, t and the Question being put.

Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the ex- That the said Resolution be re-committed; traordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land It passed in the Negative.

Service, not provided for by Parliament. Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, thereupon, agreed to by the House.

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Eleven The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being thousand Six hundred and Twelve Pounds Three Shil- severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question le-sings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for de* verally put thereupon, agreed to by the House. fraying the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Island

of Cape Breton, and of the 12 Independent Companies of OThat Mr. Plumptre have Leave to make a Foal in the East-ludies, for the Year 1749. Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And he moved the House accordingly: And presented That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, to the House,

be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund A Petition of Charles Jennens Esquire, John Clayton Norton juxt* the like Sum paid out of the fame, to answer One Year's Clerk, Sir Thomas Abney Knight, Henry Per non Esquire, Twycrof* -interest due at Michaelmas 1748, after the Rate of Three and others. Freeholders within the Manor and Lordship lacMiw* Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, on the of Norton juxta Twycross, in the County of

Principal Sum of One million lent on Credit of the Salt Which Petition was read; setting forth. That the said Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady- Charles Jennens is Lord of the said Manor; the King's day 1753, towards the Supply for the Year 1745. Majesty is Patron of the Rettory; and the said John

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Clayton is Rector of the said Parish-Church and Rectory; That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred and the said Sir Thomas Abney, Henry Vernon, and others,

Eighty Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence, be are Freeholders and Landholders within the said Manor:

.granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund That the said Lordshipdotb contain One thousand Seven the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the hundred and Forty-four Statute Acres, or thereabouts;

Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties aj Christ- and that Three hundred and Seventy-seven Acres, Part mas 1747. thereof, being the Heaths, Wastes, and Commons, have

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, been for several Years past over run with Heath and

Futze;

22 Geo. II. 24° — 250

Furze; and, as they now are, produce little Grass, and arc of little or no Value,) and that the common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie so confused and intermixed, that a general Inclosure of the same Heaths, Wastes, common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, will be greatly for the Benefit of the Petitioners: That by Articles of Agreement, entered into and executed, on ombout the Fifth Day of January One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven, by and between the Petitioners, and the said Freeholders in the said Lordship, having Lind in the common Fields, or Right of Common in the said Heaths and Commons, it was agreed. That the whole Lordship should be forthwith inclosed; and that Three Persons, in the said Articles named, should be Commissioners and Refcrrees, to plot and allot the Share of each Freeholder; and should settle and adjust the same by their Award in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, on or before Michaelmas-day One thousuid Seven hundred and Forty-eight; and by the said Articles it was agreed. That Application should be made for an Act of Parliament to confirm such Allotment: That the said Commissionershave, by their Award in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, allotted to the several Freeholders their several an 1 rc-spedlive Shares in and to the said Heath, Lands, common Fields, and other Grounds in the said Manor and Lordship: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming the said Articles and Award.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as (ar as his Majesty's Intcrelb is concerned, that the House may do therein as they think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Plumptre and Mr. Clay (oh do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercur 'd, 2 5*;

Anno 2t* Georgii IIJl Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

Branghtou \ PETITION of Barnaby Back well Esquire, and Philip Ty*he*- XJL Barton Clerk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner Barnaby -well is seised in Fee of the Manor of , in the

Parish of Broughton, in the County of Bucks, and of the perpetual Advowson of the Rectory of the Church of Broughton aforesaid, and of all the Messuages and Lands within the said Parish, except such Part thereof as belongs to the said Rectory; and no other Person hath any Linds or Right of Common there: That the Petitioner Philip Barton is now Rector of the said Church of Broughton, and, in Right thereof, is seised of a Messuage called The Parsonage-house, with the Outhouses, Yard, Garden, and Orchard, belonging thereto, containing by Estimation about One Acre and a Half; and is seised of Two Clofcs, or Parcels of Glebe I.ands, within the said Parish, containing by Estimation about Eleven Acres: That Duncombe Esquire, the former Owner of the said Manor and Premises, now belonging to the Petitioner Barnaby Backxvell, did, about Twenty-eight Years ago, inclose several Parts of the said Premises, then lying in common Fields; and it was agreed between him and Mr. the then Reor of the said Parish, that the said Francis Duncombe should pay to the said Mr. Voyce the clear yearly Sum of Seventy-leven Pounds, free from all Taxes and Deductions; and should discharge the Parlonage-house, and Glebe thereunto belonging, from all Taxes whatlo-ever, as well Parliamentary as Parochial (except the Window Tax) in lieu of all manner of Tythes, out of the Voi. 2;.

Januarii. 703

Estate of the Petitioner Barnaby And the

Petitioner Philip Barton, having, on the Death of the said Mr. Voyce, been presented to the said Rctftory, hath since consented to the said Agreement, and receiving the said yearly Sum of Seventy-leven Pounds, from time to time, as the same became due; and hath enjoyed the said Parsonage and Glebe, free from all Taxes, as aforesaid; being sensible that the same is of greater Value than the Tythes of the said Estate; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said Agreement may be confirmed, and that the said yearly Sum of Seventy-seven Pounds may be charged upon the said Manor and Premises, and paid thereout free from all Taxes and Deductions, to the Petitioner Philip Barton, and his Successor.-, in lieu of all manner of Tythes out of the said Premises: But although the same will be of great Advantage to the Petitioner Philip Barton, and his Successors, ReClors of the said Parish, and an Augmentation of the Rectory and Church, yet the same cannot be rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir William Stanhope, Mr. Carmichael, and Mr. Compton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Town of Anstruthe was pre- Anftmher fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a great Eai er Town Trade has been carried on in the said Town of ^,u» 4tc-

Easier, particularly of Fishery; and a Custom-house has been crected there for many Years, upon account of the Commerce of the said Town: That the Harbour belonging to the said Town is very safe and convenient for Ships and Vessels and is esteemed the most commodious in that Part of the Country; and that it having been judged necessary for the Improvement and Preservation of the said Harbour, as also for the facilitating the Sailing of Ships and Vessels in and out with more Safety, that another, or Cross, Pier should be erected; that Work was accordingly begun, and (bmc Progress is made therein; but as the completing the same will be attended with a much greater Expence than can be supplied from the Revenues of the said Town; and, as they were owing considerable Debts before the late unnatural Rebellion, they are rendered more unable to pay them, Money having been extorted from the Town by the Rebels, because of their known Affection to the present happy Government (which they were obliged to pay, that their Town might be saved from military Execution threatened by the Rebels)Therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Pcnies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the said Town and Liberties thereof, payable by the Brewers,

Venders, Sellers, and Tapsters, of such Ale and Beer, during such Term, and under such Regulations, as the Houte shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they da examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Anstruther, Mr.

Admiral Mitchell, Mr. Torke, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Oj'joald, Sir Lod. Grant, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. lycctt, Mr. Mackay, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Erejkine, Mr.

Lewes, Mr. Stewart, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Morgan,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Plumer, General St. Clair, Mr.

'Tracy, Mr. Metcalje, Mr; Frank, Mr. Morton, Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt; and all the Members who lerve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, NortkSbklds of t he County of Northumberland, and alfe the Merchants, lload*

Owners

Ways And Means*

Leave of Absence.

704

25° — 26° — 2 70 Jamarii. 1748.

'Owners of Ships, and others, dealing in the Coal Trade, and other Traders at Newcastle upon whose Names

are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from North

Shields, in the County, of North, to the Town of

Newcastle upon Tyne, is a common High Road, and greatly frequented by Persons uling the Coal Trade, and by Dealers in other Manufactures j and, by reaion of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, the said Road is become so deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pals without great Danger, and Lots of Time; nor can the said lload be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being for repairing the High Roads of this Kingdom, unless some Provision be made for railing Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll thereat; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be -amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir IV , Mr. Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Black Lord , Mr.

Ridley, Mr.. Yorke, Mr. Har Mr. Wiikinson, Sir riConyers D'Arey, General Ho, Mr. , Mr. Lambton, Mr. Legh, Mr. Frankland, Captain Mr. Hume, Mr. Lewis, Mr. , Mr. Medlycolt, Sir

John Turner, Mr. Carter, Sir Hum. Howarth, Mr.

lower, Mr. Bowes, Mr . Jetty ns, Mr. , Mr. IVin-nington, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Sandys; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Northumberland, York, Durham, Westmorland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses Rated at Lady-day 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Rated at Michaelmas 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had -come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was di-'fe&ed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into aCommittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 26* dieJanuari't;

Anno 22* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1748. Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. James Shuttleworth have Leave to go into the Country, upon account of the Iridisposition of his Lady.

21

An ingrossed Bill to enable Samuel Grundy, now called Grundy* Samuel Swinfen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take N4roc* and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Samuel Grundy, now called Samuel Swinfen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen.

Ordered, That Mr. William Leveson Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A MefiTage from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr

Elde:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for GuilW* naturalizing GabrielGuiilon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road Fambwwgh leading from the Well at the North-weR End of the Town Road,

or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoakes, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-weR End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoakes, in the said County.

Ordered, That Lord George Sackville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred tn<l Meaaai to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1749, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and persona! ERates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, (Vales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed 1 and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr.

George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solliciror-General, Mr, Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 270 dieJanuarii;

Anno 22* Georgii ID* Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Klencke'i for naturalizing Marlin Klencke, with some Amendments: Nat.

To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Lcocsinster

Road*

Wakerley,

&c.

Iodosure*

22 Geo. It.- 47° JdHmriu 765

Mr. Fane prefeoted to the House, according to Order,

a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, td whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an ACfc of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the Town of Leominsterin the County of Here-

ford, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to-rhem, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the Petition, the Evidence following was produced:

An Act, made in the id Year of his present Majesty; whereby several Tolls were granted for die Term of 21 Years, from the 31st of May 1729, for repairing the said Roads.

An Account (extracted from the Books of the Trustees, by Mr. Ward, their Clerk") of the Receipt and Application of the Tolls for Seven Years, preceding Michaelmas lad; whereby it appeared, That there was in the Hands of the Treasurer, at the time the said Account was dated, a Balance of ti8 1 One

hundred Pounds whereof; Mr. Harris laid, has been fiooe expended.

The laid Mr. Harris and Mr. Wat chant said. That several Parts of the said Roads, which the Trustees have not been yet able to repair, are in a very bad Condition; and that it will be impossible to amend such Parts, and keep the other Parts which have been amended in Repair, unless forne further Provision be made by Parliament for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of L in the County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that the Lord Harley, Mr. Sir Robert de

Cornewall, and Mr. Peachy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Brown/owe Earl of Exeter, and Cecil Esquire, commonly called Lord , Son and

Heir apparent to the said Brownlowe Earl of; and also of Alexander King, Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Wakerley, in the County of Northampton and Diocese of Peterborough; and Michael Clerk, Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of ring, in the said County and Diocese; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner Brownlowe Earl of Exeter is Lord of the Manors of kerley and Wittering, in the said County of Northampton, and also Patron of the said Churches; and is the only Proprietor of all the Lands there, except the Glebe Lands belonging to the Petitioners, Rectors of the said Parishes: That the said Manors consist chiefly of open Fields; and, the said Glebe Lands lying intermixed therewith, great Inconveniencies have frequently arose to the Tenants thereof, who have thereby been ditabled from making such Improvements of the Premises as they might have done, in case their said Lands had been separated and divided; and that the Petitioners, for their mutual Benefit and Convenience, have come to an Agreement for dividing and inclosing the Lands within the said Manors, and executed Articles of Agreement for that Purpose: But, in regard the said Agreement cannot be made effectual without the Aid of Parliament, the Petitioners pray the House, That V«t. 25.

Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Agreement aforesaid, and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Barber and Mr. Proby do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders; fef the County of Northumberland, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Road leading from the West Cowgate, near the Town of upon Tyne,

by or through Kenton1, Pout Eland, Higham Dykes, New-hamege, Beifay Mill, and South Middleton, unto the North Side of the River Wanfpeth, is a common High Road, and greatly frequented; and, by reason of the many heavy Carriages passing thereon, the said Road is become (b deep and ruinous, that Travellers cannot pals without great Danger; and Lois of Time; nor can the said Road be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, by the Laws now in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom; unless some Provision be made for railing Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for erecting One or more Turnpike or Turnpikes upon the said Road, and for levying a Toll thereat; and that, with the Money arising therefrom, the said Road may be amended, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

.And i| is referred to Sir Middleton, Mr.

Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Dalfton, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Turner, Mr.

Mr. Bodville, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Carter, Sir John Cust,

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. West, Mr. Watson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr.

Tempest, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Tvwnjhend. Sir Chaloner Ogle, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. Charleton, Lord Bateman, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Banks Mr.

Martin, Sir John Rst/kout, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Offley; Mr. Palmer, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Child, Admiral Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Cumberland, and Wefimore-land: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Persons frequenrly travelling through the Road leading from the Sign of The Bells, near the City of Rochester, to the Town of Maiaftone, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for continuing Part of an Act of Parliament, passed in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from The Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret, Rochester, to the said Town of Maidstone: That the Road from the Sign of The Bells, in the High Street in Rochester aforesaid, is very ruinous; and in some Parts thereof so narrow, that it is difficult for Coaches and Carriages to pass and repass through the same; and it is apprehended, that it will be mod; convenient to extend the Road directed to be repaired by the former Act, and to carry the same from a Place called The Hospital for Sailors, near the said City, through some Fields adjoining to the said Road, into the High Street in the said City; and, for that Purpose, to purchase a Way through the same Fields into a Lane commonly called Crow Lane: And praying. That Provision may be made in the said intended Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

8 R Ordered,

Newcastle^ ojxni Tyne Road.

Rochrftir,

&c. Roads.

Guillon*$

Nat.

Supply.

Dr. Ellis thanked;

Supply Bill Land Tax,

Whittlesey

Drainage,

70 6 270 — 31° Jantiarii. A. 1748.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the thod of draining the rti is by the Assistance of Mills: And Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- inasmuch as feme 6f those Lands are veiled in Persons mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall incapable of completing any Agreement for the Purposes appear to them, to the House. mentioned in the Petition, by reason of Infancy, dr other

And it is referred to Mr. Hors. Turner, Mr. Wilkinson, Disabilities; and as there is no effectual Method to ob- Mr. Townshend, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Fane, Mr. Proby, Mr. lige the respecti ve Proprietors to the Payment of the Rates

Colebrooke, Lord Harley, Mr. Gore, Mr. IVilles, Mr. necessary for the draining and preserving the said Lands, Martin, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. Gildart, Mr. the Witness said, he apprehended that such useful Works Medlycott, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Earle, could not be carried intoExecution without the Author.it jr Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Farrington, Admiral Mitchell, Mr. of an Act of Parliament.

Beaghan, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Child, Mr. York, Mr. Isaac Garner confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Mr. Phillipson, Mr. For they, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gwynne, Moore: And added, That the Method takeh at present Mr. Breretoti, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hayj and to preserve these Lands, is, by fencing off the Water with all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Kent, Banks, which are not sufficient to answer the Purpose j Surry, Suffix, and the Cinque Ports: And they are to and that a more effectual Method of draining and premeet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak- serving the said Lands will not only be of considerable er's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Profit to the Proprietors tlierof, but of publick Utility. Papers, and Records. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Draining and Preserving of several Fen

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts of for naturalizing Gabriel Guillon, was read the First time; Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge: Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. And that Mr. Mr. Hardinge, and Mr. Jenyns, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read j . Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted; to his Majesty.; —

' And then the House adjourned till tuesday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalising Gabriel Guillon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill beCoiftVnitted to Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Brobkfbank, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Campbell, Sir A. Curzon, Mr. Colleton, Sir Hawke, Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Edwin, Lord Middlesex,

Mr. Auher, Lord Parker, Mr. Mr. Yorke;

Colonel Stanwix, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Swymmer, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Townshend, Mr Plumer, Mr. Guybbon, Mr. nington, Mr. Tonge, Mr. Palmer, -Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Grey, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Brhfjey, Mr. Mitchell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

GuHloa's

Nat.

Mart is, 31* dieJanuarii j

Anno 22* Georgii II41 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

vf\RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Ellis, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday before this House, at St.

Margaret's, Westminster; and that he be desired to print the tame: And that Mr. Campbell of Calder and the Lord Parker, do acquaint him therewith.

A Bill for grafting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Yorke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Proprietors of the several Fen Lands and low Grounds called Kingsdelph, Blackbujh, have been, from time to time, laid out and applied with Wype, Great Oldeameere, Utile Oldeameere, the Turves, the greatest Care, Caution, and Frugality imaginable, by

and Eastrea Fen, otherwise Wtjl Fen, and Glaffmore, and the Petitioners; but that, by reason of the ruinous Con-of the common Field Lands called Bafynghallye Field, dition in which the Petitioners found the Bridge and Lalterfy Field, Stonald Field, and Church Field, all lying Causeway at the time of their entering upon the Execu-within the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, within the tion of the said Trust, and an old Debt unsatisfied, they Isle of Ely, on behalf of themselves, and all other the were obliged to expend that Sum, and the further Sum Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the said Fens and of Three hundred Ninety Pounds Six Shillings, in tire Fields respectively, was referred, That the Committee First Year; by which only Seventy Feet in Length of had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had the Bridge (which is, in the Whole, One hundred Se-directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, venty-four Feet long) was rebuilt, and Come small Repairs to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and done to the other Parts thereof j and about One Half of afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Causeway restored, which the Petitions found almost the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.totally decayed: That the Tolls, from the Commencement To prove the Allegations of the Petition, of the present Trust, have amounted, communibus amis,

Mr. Thomas Moore was examined: Who said, That to no more than Two hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Seven the Lands mentioned in the Petition consist of about 8,450 Shillings per Annum; and the common annual Out-pay-Acres of low Grounds and common Fields, which are ments, to wit, Forty-eight Pounds for Interest of Twelve . generally overflowed with Water, and that the only Me- hundred Pounds borrowed; Fifty-seven Pounds Four 14 Shillings

A Petition of the Commissioners,. whose Names are Eghao® thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution (under the Controul of tlfe Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Keeper or Commissioners of the Great

Seal for the Time being) art Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Maintenance and well keeping of Stains Bridge and Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers were granted to the Petitioners for the future Support of the said Bridge and Causeway, in Aid of a small Toll at that time subsisting; and that, the better to answer the Intention of the said Act, the Petitioners were thereby authorized to borrow the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds by way of Mortgage on the old as well as the new Tolls thereby granted, which was advanced them at an Interest of Four per Cent, only; and that That Sum, together with the growing Tolls,

42 Geo-. II.

31° Januarii.

1°1

Shillings to the Two Collectors of the Toll (the Expence been made in amending the said Roads; but, hs the same of Fire and Caridle included); Twenty Pounds to the cannot be thereby effectually repaired during the subsist-Clerk; Five Guineas to the Treasurer { Ten Pounds, at ingTerm, the Petitioners are informed, that Application a Medium, to a Surveyor occasionally employed; together will be made this Session of Parliament, to this House, with the King's Tax, and Parish Rates for the old Tolls; for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and have come to One hundred and Fifty-six Pounds, or there- Powers granted and continued by the Acts aforesaid: abouts, one Year with another; so that the remaining And alleging. That the Road leading out of and from Sum, to be disposed of by the Petitioners for the Support through the Parishes of St. Peter and Han-

oi the Bridge and Causeway, has amounted to no more bury, as far as a Place called Bradley , in the County than One hundred and Twelve Pounds per Annum, at an of In the Road to , in the County of Average; out of which the Petitioners have not only (which Road branches out of the main Road, to

completed the whole Repair of the Causeway, and Wag- be repaired by the afore mentioned Acts, at Droitwich

En Road under and adjoining the reunto, for a Mile in aforesaid) is in a ruinous Condition; and cannot, by the :ngth, but also rebuilt the great Barge-Pier on the Mid- ordinary Method prescribed by Law in this respect, be dUJex Side, being Twenty-six Feet in Length, by which repaired, and kept amended, unlc-fs some Provision be the Petitioners have incurred a Debt of an Hundred made by Parliament for railing Money for that Purpose: Pounds, and upwards, which the Tolls have not produced Arid therefore praying. That, in case Leave be given to Money sufficient to satisfy; and that the great Barge-Pier bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, Provision may on the Surry Side of the Bridge is now in so ruinous a be made therein for amending, and keeping in Repair, Condition, that it is not to be longer l'uppofted without the Road leading from , through the said Pa-

rebuilding thereof, which, atamoderate Calculation, can- rishes of St. Peter and , to Bradley Brook, in the

not be done under about Four hundred Pounds; and all Road to Alcester aforesaid, in such manner as to the House

that Part of the Bridge between Stains and the Barge-Pier, on the Middlesex Side, which is now in a very decayed Condition, mud also befpeedily rebuilt; and considerable Sums mud be continually laid out in keeping the Causeway, and Road thereto adjoining, in sufficient

shall seem meeh

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cori-sideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trudecs, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; as well for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed

Repair; and that if the Petitioners are not enabled, by in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty an Increase of the Toll, to support these and other una- Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway or Road leading voidable Expences, the Communication between London from the City of Worcester to the Borough of Droitwich, and the Wedern Countries mud be totally interrupted; in the County of Worcester, as for putting in Execution and, if Egham Causeway should fall to Decay for want of One other Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year necessary Support, not only a great Tract of Land, con- of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the.First, tiding of several Thousand Acres, mud inevitably be for enlarging the Term granted by the said first-mentioned overflowed by any Inundation of the River Thames in Act, and for making the same more effectual, and for great Floods, and several Towns and Villages greatly dam- repairing other Roads therein mentioned, in the said nified, and the main Road from Stains to Egham, under County of , is referred: And that they do ex-

the Causeway (being Part of the great Wedern Road) amine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, rendered impassable, but also the Course and Navigation as it shall appear to them, to the House. of the River Thames would thereby beobdrufted and di-

verted: And therefore praying the House to take the Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Premises into Consideration; and grant such Assistance before this House, an Account of the Corn, didinguiAland Relief therein as to the House Giall seem meet. ing the Species thereof, exported from Great Britain, Ordered,'ThaX the said Petition be referred to the Con- from Christmas 1745, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing federation of a Committee: And that they do examine each Year; together with an account of the Bounty paid

the Matter thereof: and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir H. Smithjon, Mr. Laroche, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Gajbry, Mr. Mr. Lewis,

Mr. Colleton, M r. Sydenham, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Townshend, Mr Mitchell, Sir John Turner, Mr. Edwin, Mr Bacon, Mr. Proby, Mr. Aijlabie, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Medcalje, General Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Whichcott, Lord Barrington, Mr. OJzoa/d, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. West, Mr. Hard Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir

thereon, and also the Names of the Ports from and which the same were exported.

to

A Motion* was made, and the Question being put, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or communicated on the Part of the late Emperor Charles the Seventh, to Iris Majesty; and a Copy of the Treaty agreed upon at Hanau

Francis Poole, Lord Parker, Mr. Knightly, Mr Tracy, in July 1743; together with Copies of all the Lettersand Mr. Finch, Mr. Witmington; and all the Members who Papers relating thereto, that were lent to the Lords Juf-serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Berks, South- tices, or his Majesty's Miniders, in Great Britain; and amfton, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, and Wilts: of all Letters and Papers that were sent to his Majesty, or And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, his Miniders, by the Orders of the Lords Justices, or by in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for his Majesty's Miniders in Great Britain, in Answer to the

Persons, Papers, and Records.

WorcefteT, *«. Road.

Communication of the said Treaty, Lettets, and Papers; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f?lr ^pin

(_ Mr. Powney:

Tdlm for the No«|

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Peter in or near the Borough of Droitwich and Hanbury, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Two Acts of Parliament passed, the One in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway leading from the City Worcester to the said Borough of Droitwich; and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging journed till this Day Sevennight. the Term granted by the before-mentioned Act, for making the same more effectual, and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and that great Progress hath Vot. 15.

s

138.

288.

The Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further ad-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Account of Corn exported.

Motion for Paper* respeAinfc Peace.

Cal! of the House.

708

Februarii.

A. 1748.

Mercurii, 1* die;

Anno 32* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

P R A T R s.

fatton, Ac. A/T R. Jenyns, reported from the Committee, to whom

Drainage. i.VJL the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Lords of the Manors of Sutton and Mepall, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and of Somersham and Pidley with , in the County of Huntingdon, and Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in the Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Somersham, and Pidley with Fenton aforesaid, and in the Parishes of Chatteris and Doddington, and in a certain extraparochial Place called Byal Fen, within the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge aforesaid, had been referred; and to whom the Petition of several Owners and Proprietors of Fen Lands within the Parish of within the Isle of

Ely, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the last mentioned Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he readme Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the following Evidence was given j viz.

The Reverend Mr. Thomas Neale, Rector of the Parish of Maney, said. That he knows the several Lands in the Parish of Witcham; and that the said Lands are frequently overflowed, and that it is impracticable for the Proprietors to drain the fame, so as to increase their Value, unless fotnc Provision is made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Inflruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, That they do make Provision, in the Bill, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the Parish of Witcham, within the said Isle of Ely.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Morgan have Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ditto. Ordered, That Sir George Oxenden have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Leominster The Lord Harley presented to the House, according Roads.' Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the County of Herefordand for making the said Act more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Account of Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be-Leather." ^ore this House, an Account of what Sums the Duty upon Leather has produced in the Years 1745, 1746, and 1747, distinguishing each Year.

Klcncke's The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Nat. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Martin:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 1. Line 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " befcecb

L. 6. After " ," insert " John James

Grand, Son of John Grand, by Mary Margarette his

" Wife, born at Lausanne, in the Canton of Berne in

" Switzerland-, and Anthony Colombies, Son of John

" lombies, by ^Frantes his Wife, born in the Province of

" Languedoc in France:

L. 9. Leave out " his," and insert " their L. 18. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 19. After " Klenckeinfert " John James " Grand and Anthony Colombies;" and, in the same Line, leave out he is,'* and insert " they are

L. 22. Leave out " a;*' and, instead of Subject,*' insert " Subjects

L. 23. Leave out " he is," and insert " they

" are ;'*

L. 27. Leave out he," and insert " they L. 28. Leave out " a ;'* and, infle&d of Subject," insert " Subjects

L. 31. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 32. After " Klencke," insert " John James " Grand and Anthony Colombies ;" and, in the same Line, leave out " is," and insert " are

Press 2. L. 4. Leave out " his," and insert " their:"

L. 5. Leave out " Heir," and insert Heirs;" and, in the same Line, leave out " his," and insert " their;"

Lu. Leave out "him," and insert<c them L. 14. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 20. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 25. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 26. After " Klencke,'* insert " John Jama " Grand and Anthony Colombies

L. 28. Leave out " aj" and, instead of " Subject," insert " Subjects

L, 36; Leave out " he," and insert " they and, in the same Line, after " Klencke," insert "

" James Grand and Anthony Colombies."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, wjpre, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, according La*

to Order, a Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the 0fd*>Uy,. Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces, by Sea: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty j,

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to S*pph* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House SapfhrKBi to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Claui'e of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to make good the Deficiency of the Land Taa, for the Year 1747. out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1749.

Then

Ellenfoot

Harbour*

Supply Bill Land Tai.

22 Geo. II. a° Feb 709

Then the House resolved itself into the &id Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tp report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 2° die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIJi Regis, 1748. Prayers.

AP E TIT10 N of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Coal-owners, living near the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Harbour of in the County of Cumberland, is situate very conveniently for the

Coal Trade carried on in that Neighbourhood; and in case a new Pier, and other proper Works were made in and about the said Harbour, the same might be made capable of receiving and giving Safeguard and Protection to Ships and Vessels employed in that Trade, which would not only be of great Advantage to the Country, but would also tend to the Increase of his Majesty's Customs, and the Improvement of Tradeand Navigation; but asasufficient Sum of Money cannot be raised to defray the Expence of amending and enlarging the said Harbour, and rendering the same fit and proper for the Purpose aforesaid, without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for effecting the fame, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Pennington, Sir John Ramsden, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Gore, Mr. Dalfton, Sir Hen. Monro, Lord Parker, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Vyner, Sir Charles Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sir Mid-

dleton, Mr. OfwaJd, Mr. Me Mr. Winnington, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Torke, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. West, Mr. Wifkinson, Sir Lionel Pilkiugton, General Onslow, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. War burton, Mr. Clarke, Captain Haldane, General Howard, Mr. Fane, Mr.; And all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmorland, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power tp fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

( Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the who)e House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the'Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine, wa* committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read tLougliout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That ithe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lieutenant-General Auftruther reported from the Com- Anftrother mittee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Anstruther Baiter T. wn Rafter was referred. That the Committee had examined Deotg* the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed h:m to report the fame, as U appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed]; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Wm. Greig: Who being examined, said. That a great Trade had been formerly carried on in that Town, particularly of Fishery; and that a Custom-house had been built there for many Years, upon Account of the Commerce carried on at that Place.

And the same Witness also said. That there is a spacipus Harbour belonging to the said Town; and that it was the mofl commodious Harbour in that Part of the Country for the Preservation of Ships and Vessels.

And the same Witness gave Evidence, That for the better Improvement and Preservation of the said Harbour and Pier, and for facilitating the Sailing of Ships and Vessels into and out of the same with Safety, and to prevent the choaking up of the present Harbour, another Pier was directed to be built, which is begun, and some Progress made therein; but the same cannot be completed, in regard the Expence thereof will be much.

!greater than can be suppfied from the Revenues of the aid Town: And the said Mr. Wm. Greig added to his Evidence, That if some further Provision be not made for completing the said Works, and for the Preservation of the Harbour, the Trade of the said Town, which formerly was considerable, will be intirely loll.

Mr. Simon Hoyle, and Mr. Andrew , being fe-

verally examined, confirmed the Evidence before given by Mr. Greig.

And it appeared to the Committee, That several considerable Debts were owing by the said Town before the late unnatural Rebellion, and inasmuch as Money was extorted from them by the Rebels, during that Time, which they were obliged to pay down, to lave the Town from military Execution (then threatened) the Magistrates of the said Town are rendered incapable of paying such Debts, and of carrying on and finishing the Works already begun, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for raising Money for those Purposes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bril for laying a Duty of Two Penks iVo/r. upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale, which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of An-Jlruther Easier, and Liberties thereof; And that L.ieutc-nant-General Anjtruther and Mr. Mitchell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, j^orth to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Shield* , . Freeholder^ of the County of Northumberland, ^nd also of the Merchants, Ownerspf Ships, and others, dealing in the Goal Trade and other Trades, at upon

Tyne, whole Names are thereupto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report- ihe jjime, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Places and afterwards delivered it in at the.Glebe's Tabic: Where the same ;vas read; and is as folloureth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Charles Lauder said. That he is well acquainted with the Road described in the Petition, which is a common Highway, and much frequented by Passengers and Carriages: That some Part of it is in so ruinous a Condition, as renders the Passage of it extremely difficult and dangerous in Winter*

8 S Mr.

71o 2° — 3* Fe 1748.

Mr. Edward Bigge confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Lauder: And added, That above Two Miles of the (kid Road are so bad, that Carriages cannot pass it without an additional Number of Horles; and that the Statute-work is inefficient to repair the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from North in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of upon Tyne:

And that Sir IVtUtam Middleton and Mr, Ridley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read; itberbro- The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of thock, &c. the Petition of David Scott Esquire, complaining of an Election. un(jue Election and Return for the Burghs of Aberbro-tbuck, Aberdeen, InverbervieMontrofe, and Bricken:

And the Cout fd were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for retraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to lerve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard:

And an Extract of the Minutes of the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Burghs, upon the 13th Day of June 1748, was produced and read:

And un Extract of the Proceedings in the Sheriff Court of Edinburgh, touching the Admission of Mr. Charles Maitland, the Sitting Member, as Sheriff Depute, and of Mr. James Livingston as his Substitute, was also produced and read:

And a Copy of the Protests taken by Mr. Charles Maitland, on his Demission of the Office of Sheriff Depute of Midlothian, was also produced.

And the Counsel for the Petitioner having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel for the Sitting Member were heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of the Matter of the Petition of David Scott Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Burghs of

thuck, Aberdeen, Inverbervie, MontroJJ'e, and Brichen, be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Februarii 5

Anno 22° Georgii II. Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

Denre?, *c. A PETITION of the several Persons, whose Names Drainage. x"\. are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands lying in Denver, in in Outwell, and

Welney, in the Isle of Ely, County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk, respectively, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Lands of the Petitioners, lying in the Places above-mentioned, and containing nearTen thousand Acres, have, of late Years, been frequently overflowed, and greatly annoyed with Water, by reason of the Decay of the Outfall for issuing and discharging the Land Waters to the Sea, and are thereby greatly diminished in their Value; and it is apprehended that, unless forne Remedy be speedily provided, the same Lands will be tota'ly loft, or be rendered of no Value or Use to the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower the Petitioners to imbank and drain the said Lands, in such , Manner as to the HouL shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Lid Peticion be referred to the Con-

23

sideration of a Committees And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Torke, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Jenyns, Mr. Churchill, lord Dupplin, Mr. , Mr.

Hardinge, Sir John AJlley, Mr. Wesi, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Harris, Sir Hugh Smithjon, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, M

Lord Harley, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Robinson; and all the Members

who lerve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon,

Norfolk, Suffolk, and Lincoln: And they are io meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas Herbert have Leave to Leave of stay in the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Abfcace* Occasions.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Borough-Fret-holders, and Inhabitants of the North-Riding of bridge to the County of York; as all'o the Trustees appointed to ^>rtd8c put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of R his present Majesty's Reign, for rtpaiiing the High Road from Boroughbridge to Pier/bridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscrib^d; was p e'en ted to the Home, and read; setting forth. That an Act of Parliament was made and passed, in the Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for r pairing the High Road from the Town of Boroughbridge to Catherick, in the North-Riding of the County of York, and from thence to Pier/bridge, on the.River Tees, in the said Riding; whereby several Tolls were granted for repairing the said Road but that, in the said Act is contained a Pmviso, whereby all Carts and other Carriages, Horsesand other Cattle, laden with Coals, are exempted from the Payment of any of the Tolls by the said Act imposed, in respect of their passing or repassing on the said Road, at any Time between the First Day of May and the Thirtieth Day of October in each Year; and are only chargeable with the Payment of One fourth Part of the said Duties or Tolls, in reffed of their passing and repaying on the said Road, at any time from the Thirtieth Day of October to the First Day of May in each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act: And further setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have made a considerable Progress in amending and repairing the said Road; but by realonof the great Number of Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said Road, laden with Coals, which do great Damage to the said Road, and by the said Afcl are exempt from paying the Tolls or Duties in Manner above-mentioned, the said Road cannot be effectually amended and made good, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, according to the Intent of the said Act, unless a further Duty or Toll be laid and imposed on all such Carts and other Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said Road, laden with Coals: That the Powers granted to the said Trustees, by the said Act, are, in many Instances, found insufficient, and several Difficulties have arisen in putting the said Act in Execution, whereby the good Purposes by the said Act intended are greatly obstruded; and that several great Sums of Money, to the Amount of Three thousand Four hundred Pounds, have been borrowed by the said Trustees, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; all which Sums have been laid out in amending the said Road, and cannot be repaid within the Time limited by the said Act, nor the said High Road kept in sufficient Repair, without afurther Term granted by Parliament: And therefore praying the House fogive Leave that a Bill be brought in for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the above-mentioned Act of Parliament, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Orderedi

22 Geo. II. 3*

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* thence next ensuing; and that further Powers were sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine granted by the said Second A ft to the T ruftees: And the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- alleging, That the better to answer the Intention of the pear to them, to the House: said Acts for carrying on the Repairs of the said Roads

And it is referred to Sir Conyers If Arcy, Mr. Torke, with Speed and Effect, the Trustees impowered to put Mr. Aiflabie, Mr. Tracy, Mr. John Torke, Mr. Ridley the said Acts in Execution have borrowed a considerable Mr. Middleton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sydenham, Sum of Money at Interest, upon the Credit thereof, and

Mr. Shuttleworth % Lord Parker, Mr. Proby, Mr. Code- have applied the fame, together with the Monies arising ton, Mr. Hay, Sir Wm. Middleton, Sir Robert Long, by the said Tolls*according to the Directions of the said

Mr. Ftaukland, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Acts; notwithstanding which, the Repairs of the said

Guybbon, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Townfltend, Lord Strange, Roads are not completed; and there now remains due and

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Seville, Sir owing, on the Credit of the said Acts, the principal Sum Charles Mor daunt; and all the Members who serve for of Two thousand Seven hundred Pounds and upwards; the Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland; and that the Petitioners find the said Roads cannot be and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Af- effectually repaired and amended* and the said Money so ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Cham* remaining due repaid* unless some of the said Tolls be ber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and enlarged, and the Term and Powers granted by the said Records. Acts be continued and made more effectual: And there-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Land-holders, for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers granted Stoae&oM. jyjj othe,. the principal Inhabitants, of the North-Riding by the said former Acts, and for making the same more of the County of York, was presented to the House, and effectual; and that the Petitioners may have such other read; setting forth. That the High Road leading from Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem a Place called Burton Stone, at the South-cad End of meet.

Clifton, in the North-Riding of the County of York, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-adjoining upon the Suburbs of the City of York, and lead- sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine ing to and through the Towns of Eajtnfwould and Thirsk, the Matter thereof; and report the fame* as it shall ap-to the South-cad End of Northallerton, tn the said Riding, pear to them, to the House:

which is the nearest Road from the said City of York to And it is referred to Sir Hugh Sir Conyers

the City of Durham, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, D'Arcy, Mr. West, Sir Branch. Proctor, Mr. Aifta-

and City of Edinburgh, is at present so very much hie. Sir John Cust, Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Ridley, Mr.

decayed and ruinous, that the same cannot, by theordi- Mr. Pitt, Mr. (iybbon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mellish,

nary Course provided by Law, be effectually repaired* Mr. Newnham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Francis without further Provision be made for raising Money by Poole, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles r Aid of Parliament, to be applied for that Purpose: And Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lord

therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in Mr. Wilkinson. Mr. Franklaud, Mr. Henley, Mr. a Bill for the more effectual repairing of the said High Mr. Grey, Mr. Whichcott-, and all the Mem-

Road, leading from the said Place called Burton Stone, ben who serve for the Counties of Middlesex&nd Hertford:

at the South-east End of Clifton, in the said North- And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

Riding of the County of York, through the Towns of Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to Eastngwould and Thirsk, to the said South-east End of fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Northallerton, in the said North-Riding of York, with such proper Powers and Restrictions as to the House shall Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, seem fit. to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Freeholders of the County of Northumberland, whose sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the the Matter them/; and report the lame, as it shall ap- Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; pear to them* to the House: and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared

And it is referred to Mr. Frankland, Mr. Sydenham, to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Mr. Aiflabie, Sir John Cmfl, Sir Conyers If Arcy, Mr. Hay, Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Mr. Wilkm/on, Mr. Mr. Thornton* Sir Francis Where the feme was read; and is as followeth;

Poole, Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Torke, Mr. In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition, the Sloper, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. West, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. following Evidence was given:

Proby, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. John Dixon said, That the Road leading from the Mr. Bofcawen i and all the Members who serve for the West Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, Counties of York, Durham, and Northumberland; and for through Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, and South North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at unto the North Side of the River Wanfpeck,

Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have is a High Road, and by reason of the many heavy Car-Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. riages passing through the feme, in a very bad Condition,

and cannot be repaired by the Methods prescribed by the Kilburn A Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are there- Laws in being.

Bridge Roads, unto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year of the repairing the Road from the West Cowyate, near the Town Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne* and the other in of Newcastle upon by or through Kenton, Pont Eland,

the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South George the First, for repairing the Highway between a Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of the County of And that Sir William

Middlesex, and Sparrows Hern, in the County of Hert- Mr. Ridley, Mr. Aiflabie, and Sir Hugh Smith-

ford, was presented to the House, and read i setting Jon, do prepare, and bring in, the lame, forth, That, by the said First Act, several Tolls and

Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which Mr. Turner reported from the Committee,

were to take Place and have Continuance from the First to whom the Petition of several Pdrfons, frequently t"a-Day of May 171a, for Twenty-one Years; and that, by veiling through the Road leading from the Sign of The the said Second Act, the several Clauses and Matters in Bells, near the City of Rochester, tb the Town of the First A ft contained, were to continue from and after Jtone, in the County of whose Names are thereunto the Expiration of the aforesaid Term of Twenty-one subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had exac-Years, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, from mined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed Vat. 45, him

Newcastle upon Tyne Hoads.

Rochrfter, &c. Ro»ds.

712

3* — 6° Februarii. 1748.

him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the following Witness was called; viz.

Mr. John Mason: Who being examined, laid, That he is well acquainted with the Road from the Sign of The Bells to the High Street in which is in a ruinous

Condition, and, in some Parts thereof, so narrow, that it is difficult for Coaches and Carriages to pass and repals through the fame.

That if the Road directed to be repaired by the former Act was extended from a Place called The Hospital for Sailors, near the said City, and carried through some Fields adjoining to the Road into the High Street in that City, and the Trustees were impowered to purchase a Way through those Fields, into a Lane called Crow , the Road would thereby be made more commodious for the Passage of Coaches and Carriages than it is at present.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of the First, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the , in the Parish of St.

Margarett's, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for rendering the same more effectual; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for extending the Road aforesaid, from a Place at or near The Hospital for Sailors, near the City of Rochester, through some Fields adjoining to that Road, into the High Street in the said City.

Sutton, *c Mr. Jenyns presented to the House, according to Order, Drainage. a gjj for draining ancj preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds, in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddi and a Place called Byal

Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Cotton, Ac. The House was moved, That the Act, made in the Manufac- Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, twei. An A<a tQ exp]ajn anc| amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in die Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk: And that Mr. Horatio Walpole senior. Sir William Tonge, Mr. Chauncy Townshend, Mr. Gray, Mr. Neale, Mr. Tracy, and the Lord Hobart, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Blunfdon A Petition of the Lady of the Manor of Broad Blunf-Indolure. don, in the County of and of the several Owners

and Proprietors of the common Fields and common Meadow called the East, West, North, a.id Sok.b Fields, with the common Meadow in the Parish of in the said County, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed, in Behalf of themselves, and other Owners and Proprietors of the said common Fields and common Meadow, 2 3

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have lately entered into an Agreement, under their Hands and Seals, for inclosing and dividing the said common Fields and Meadow into due Allotments and Proportions; and that, although the said Inclosure and Division will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and an Improvement of their several Interests and Properties in the said Parish, yet the said Agreement cannot be effectually carried into Execution, fully to answer the Intention of the Parties concerned therein, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for confirming and establishing the Agreement aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Popham, and Mr. Nor they, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Barbor presented to the House, according to Or- w*k«-Jry, der, a Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement fc*-. fir dividing and inclosing certain open Fields and Lands, Incioiure. in the Manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lore's have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act de- Cimm^on-daring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by for Prize his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, lor receiving, hearing, and determining, Appeals in Cau>es of Prizes: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering the Committee of the Estate of Rogers Esquire, a Lunatick, to make Surrenders and Leases of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of the said Lunatick, during his Lunacy: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grundy'* to enable Samuel Grundy, now calied Samuel Swinfen, and Name, the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Caulcs.

Rogrrs*

Estate.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Mayday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunes^ 6° die Februarii;

Anno 22° Georgii II. Regis, 1748.

Prayirs.

A PETITION of George William Renner, was pre- Renner,f fented to the House, and read; praying that Leave j5"t> may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Wilson and Colonel Stanwix do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names axe Wiffech thereu nto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by an Act Road, of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by the aforesaid Act, of the Third Year of his present Majesty, several Toils were granted, and divers Powers and

Authorities

2 2 Geo. II. 6° Februar 713

Authorities given and provided, for making and repair- said Trustees have declined adding in that Trust: And,

ing ti.c laid Roads, and for putting the said Act in Exe cut ion. which were to take Place, be in Force, and have Continuance, from the lit Day of 1730, for and

during the Term of Twenty-cne Years: And alleging, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution, did, in pursuanccand up n the Credit of the same , Act, borrow and take up at Interest a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls granted by the said Act, were applied to the Ul'es and for the Purpose-' thereby directed and appointed; and that the said Trustees, by virtue of and under the Power and Authority velted in them by the said Act, did atsign and make over the said Tolls and Duties, for securing the Repayment of the Sum io borrowed, with Interest; and there now remains due and owing, upon the said Security, the Sum ot Seventeen hundred and Ninety Pounds; and that, although the Roads directed and appointed to be made, repairer!, and amended, by the said former Act, have been made and kept, and now remain, in tolerable Order and Condition, yet the Tolls and Duties to be collected anti received during the Remainder of the Term, for which the same were thereby granted, will not be luffi-cient to keep the said Roads in good Repair, and also to satisfy and discharge the Money so remaining due on the said Security; and the said Money is in maoi-left Danger of being loft, unless some Provision be made for the better securing the fame, by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, for so long Time, and in such Manner, as to the House shall leem requisite for the Purpol'e aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. , Lord

IWic', Mr d/His StapylionMr. Mr. Harris,

Mr. Gore, Sir Charles, MMr. Harvey, Mr.

leton, Lon! Gage, Mr. Ellis, Colonel Stanivix, Sir N. zou, Mr. lake, Sir Tho. Eger ton, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr.

Wtjl, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Cuizoh, Mr. A '.r.Sir John St, Mr Mr.

A -gent, Mr. cTrencl;ard, Mr. Haider, Mr.

Mr. Plumptr:, Mr. Hen'ey, Mr. Mr. Torke,

Mr. Holmes, Lord Bateman, Mr. Admiral Ver-

nr;, Mr. Crezv, Mr. MaittcrJ, Sir Francis Poole-, and all the Members wi o serve for the Counties of b> 1'ii't, K'.rj'Ak, Suffolk, and Lincoln And they are to

meet this Atiermxn at Five or she Cl ck, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Leominster A Petition of the Bailiff, Justices of the Peace, Capi-Roads. tal Burgcfl'es, and several other Pet lorn, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, b. ing principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the fe-vera 1 Roads therein mi ntioned, leading into the Town of Leomi.ift.r, in the County of Hereford, the Execution of the Powers therein contained was veiled in Trustees, named and appointed for that Purpose, who were authorized, from time to time, upon the Death of any of the Persons lb named, or their Removal or Refusal to ad in the said Trull, to elect and appoint other fit and able Pori- m, living in the County of Hereford, or Borough of Leominster, to be joined with the remaining Trustees, in ti.c Execution of all and every the Powers and Trulls in them repoled by the said Act: That, in pursuance of this Powei, many Persons of very low Rank have been appointed, and others irregularly elected Trustees, who, as the Petitioners conceive, are not fit or able Persons, witi. respect to the Powers they are intruded with; and that it is owing to this Cauic, that several other of the Vol. 25.

that a Petition hath been presented to the Home, for a Bill to continue the present, and grant further. Powers for the more effectually repairing the said Roads (many Parts of which the said Petition alleges arc in a ruinous.

Condition) And representing to the House, That the Petitioners apprehend the Repair of the said Roads will be more effectually carried on, and tthe several Powers ne-cellary for that Purpose executed in a more satisiiiftory Manner, in cale the same were under the Management of Persons to be nominated Trustees for thol'e Purposes in the said Bill, now depending in the House: And therefore praj ing, That Provision may be made in the said Bill, for remedying the inconveniency before-mentioned; or that the Petitioners may have ludi other Relief in the Preraifes as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more effectual; be read a Second time.

Ordered, That David Scott Esquire be at Liberty to Abrrbro-withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election &c t^aion and Return for the Burghs of Aberbrothock, Aberdeen, Inverbervie, Montrose, and Rrichen.

Ordered, That the Order of the House, made upon Thursday last, for the further Hearing of the Matter of the said Petition, be discharged.

Ordered, That Mr. JVigley have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight ley have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Plnmptrepresented to' the House, according to Norton juxta

Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and T»ycrof* an Award, for inclosing and dividing the He ;ths, Waite, nc 0 ur*' Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township of Norton juxta Twycross, in the County of Leicester: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Metcalfe reported from the Committee, to whom Guillon'* the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat-for naturalizing Gabriel Guillon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, Manchester living in and near the Road leading from Sher brook Hill, Roads,

near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, several Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing and widening the said Road, which Act was to be in Force for Twenty-one Years, from the ill of May 1725: That by another Act, passed in the Third Year of his present Majesty‘s Reign, for making more effectual the said former Act, ' the Tolls were augmented, and the Term and Powers, granted by the said first-mentioned Act, were continued lor the Term of Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the First of May 1730: Andjalleging.That the Tolls col-lested by virtue of the said Acts, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof, have been duly applied in repairing and widening the said Road, and the same is greatly improved; but as there remains due and unpaid

8 T of

4

714 6° Februarii. 174S.

of the Money borrowed and taken up on the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of £. 900, it is apprehended that the Tolls to be taken and received, during the Remainder of the said Term of Twenty-one Years now to come, will not be sufficient both to discharge the said Debt, and keep the said Road in good and effectual Repair; and that, unless some further Provision be made for that Purpose, the said Road will soon become in a ruinous Condition: That the several Roads leading from Chapel in the Frith aforesaid, to a Place called Herne Stone Lane Head, within Peake Forest, in the said County of Derby, and . from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton aforesaid, to a Place called Hurdlow House, in the same County; and also from Ardwick Green, near the Town of , through

Rufhhoime and Withington, to in the said County of Lancaster; join the Road before-mentioned; and that the last mentioned Roads are very ruinous, and in some Parts almost impafiable in the Winter Season, and the same cannot be amended and kept in good Repair, by theordinaryCourse appointed by the Laws now in being: And therefore praying. That this House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for continuing, and making more effectual, the said former Acts; and also for repairing the Road from Chapel in the Frith aforesaid, to the said Place called Herne Stone Lane Head; and from Sherbrook near Buxton, to Hurdlow House aforesaid; and from Ardwick Green aforesaid, to the School-house at Didsbury aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Conyers, Lord Egmont, Mr. SmithMr. Lyfler, Mr. Hill, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Child, Nit. Mitchell, Mr. lowes, Colonel Holmes, Mr. Charles , Lord

rough, Mr, Prowse, Mr. Richards, Mr. Gray, Mr. Carmichael, Ix>rd Barrington, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wa, Mr Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Edmund lsham, Mr. Powlett, Sir John St. Aubin, Sir Lod. Grant, Mr. Kobinfon, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lockyear, Mr. Martin, Mr. Curzon, Lord Harley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Derby, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

X

Bristol A Petition of the Trufrees, whose Names are thereunto

Roads. subscribed, for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read } Jetting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, several Tolls were granted, and other Powers given for that Purpose, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, to commence from the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1727 j and that another Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the before-mentioned Act, and to continue the said Tolls and Powers, from the 24th Day of June 1731, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And alleging, That by reason of many Doubts, Difficulties, and Obstructions, which have arisen and been since the Passing of the said Acts, the good Ends thereby intended have not been hitherto answered, and the said Roads, or much the greatest Part thereof, still remain in as ruinous a Condition as they were before the passing the said Acts} and that the Term for which the said Tolls were granted, and Powers given in and by the said Acts, will soon expire; and many of the Trustees thereby appointed are now dead; and the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and made commodious for Passengers, unless the subsisting Term and Powers, granted by the said

Act, be enlarged, amended, and explained, and the whole reduced into One Act of Parliament: And prayi ng. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred, to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Southwell, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Villiers, Mr. Fane, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Laroche, Mr. West,

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Sir Tho. Mostyn, Mr. Whitchcott,

Sir Wait. Wag. Bagott, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Gwynne, Mr.

Best, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Locke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Berkeley, Mr, Gildart, Mr. Chester, Sir Cha. Sir

James Johnson, Sir Cha. Key. 'Tynte, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Ash, Mr. Bathurst Mr. Earle, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. Evelyn, Sir John RMr. Lowndes,

Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Gore, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Powney,

Mr. White, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Willes,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Trenchard; And all the Members who serve for the City of Bristol, and Counties of cester, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Provost, Bailiffs, and Town-Cou neil, Kinghorn of Kinghorn, was presented to the House, and read; let- Harbour, &c. ting forth, That the Ferry between Kinghorn and Leith is the Ferry most commonly made use of for the Passage of Persons between the Northern and Southern Parts of Scotland; and that the Harbour thereof is not only of the greatest Advantage to the Town of Kinghorn, but to the whole of that Part of the united Kingdom of Great Britain; and that the Harbour belonging to the said Town has, for some Years past, been in so ruinous a Condition, and is now so bad, that the whole Revenue of the said Town, applicable towards the Repair thereof, is not near sufficient to put and keep the same in good Repair: And therefore praying, That a certain Duty may be laid upon Beer and Ale, which shall be brewed, brought in, and fold, within the said Town of Kinghorn, Liberties thereof, and all Places adjacent, lying within Two hundred Yards of the Bounding of the said Liberties, during such Term of Years, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Oswald, Sir Robert Long,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ellis, Sir John Rushout, Mr. Yorke,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Henley, Sir Robert Burden, Mr.

Child, Mr. Lockyear, Lord Egmont, Mr. Mr. Willey, Sir John Cust, Lord John Murray, Sir James John-fton; and all the Members who serve for North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Roger*'

for impowering the Committee of the F.ltate of John Ro- Estate.

gers Esquire, a Lunatick, to make Surrenders and Leases of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of the said Lunatick, during his Lunacy, was read the First time.

Refoved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Winnington reported from the Committee, to Worcrflw. whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are &c-thereunto subscribed, as well for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway or Road leading from the City of Worcester to the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, as for putting in Execution One other Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted

by

2i Geo. II.

6° Februarii.

715

by the said first-mentioned Act, and for making the same Winningto and Mr. Sandys do prepare, and bring in, the

more effectual; and for repairing other Roads therein fame.

mentioned, in the said County of Worcester\ and also the

Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. A Petition of the Charitable Corporation for Relief of Charitable Peter, in or near the Borough of Droin rick and Hanbury, industrious Poor, by assisting them with small Sums up- Corporation, in the County of Worcester, whole Names are thereunto on Pledges, at legal Interest, in general Court assembled, subscribed; were severally referred; That the Committee was pretented to the House, and read; letting forth, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had That by virtue ol a Charter from her late Majesty Queen directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, Amu, and of Three Royal Licences (ince granted by his to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and late and present Majesty, the Petitioners were authorized afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where to raise a Fund, for the Purpose of lending Money upon the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. Pledges; and that the Petitioners, in Consequence there-To prove the Allegations of the tirft mentioned Pe- of, having actuallyraised several hundred thousand Pounds tition, by the way of Shares of Five Pounds each, they carried on.

An Act. passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of herlate for several Years, the said Business, and always supplied Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway or Road Persons who made Pledges to them, at a moderate Rate, leading from the City of tVorce/lerto the Borough of Droit- and carefully prelcrved such Pledges, and faithfully rc-»/./;, in the County of fVorce/ier; and also an Act, passed stored them, or the Surplus due on them, to the Borin the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King rowers, without Fraud or Imposition; until, by a most George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the infamous Confederacy between some of their Directors fau! lirft-mentioned Act, and for making the same more and Servants, the Petitioners were defrauded of near their cflftunli and for repairing other Roads therein men- whole Capital; but that, in regard those Frauds were tioned, in the said County of Warcester; were read. And, committed by particular Persons, the Dealings of the Cor- Mr. John Kings laid before the Commirtee, an Ac- porationwith Borrowers were no ways impeached thereby, count of the Monies arising by the 1'oils granted by the as they had been always carried on with drift Justice and said Acts, and of the Expences attending the Repairs of Fidelity towards them -, and that the Petitioners are de-the Roads therein mentioned; whereby it appeared. That, lirous to raise a new Fund, by a Subscription amongst: upon an Avenge for Ten Years (all pall, the Tolls pro- themselves, wherewith to carry on the Business of their duced yearly /.573 13 io|, and that the Expences Charter, but cannot effect it, by reason that not only within the same time, upon an Average, amounted yearly above 30,000 of the said Shares are veiled in Trustees, to/. 400 10 of, exclusive of Money paid for Interest, Executors, Administrators, and Lenders, but of other and on account of Principal; and that there (bill re- Incapacities, against which they can haveno Relief, without mained a Debt upon the Tolls of/. 1,350, which he laid the Favour of Parliament; and that if thele Obstructions could not be paid off, and the Roads kept repaired, with- were removed, so that the Petitioners might be enabled out a further Continuance of ti.e abave-mentioned Acts, to carry into Execution such a Subscription, they conceive which will expire in June 1756. this Company would be of general Use, because, as be-

And, to prove the Allegations of the Second Pc- ing a corporate Body, they can always lend upon fareafier tition, Terms, and with greater Security to the Borrower, than

Mr. Eduard T.earcroft said, That the Road from the private Lenders upon Pledges can: And, in regard such Borough of Droit vosehafore!'aid, through the Parishcsof a Ref nine of Credit is greatly wanted, and, if it werefub-St. Peter and Hanb.ny, to Bradley Brook;n the said County, lifting in Trade, must be a principal Remedy against the is about Four Miles in length, and in a very ruinous Oppressions and Frauds which poor and neceslitous Per-Cendiiion, although the Inhabitants thereof, respectively, fons, who borrow Money on their Goods, are daily ex-had, for Seven Years part, done their Statute-work, and poled to, therefore praying, in order to render the said M on y had been raised by Subscriptions, and applied to- Corporation uleiul to the Publick, That Leave may be warcL the Repairs thereof: That he did not know that given to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners to raise,

" by Subscription amongst themselves, a new Fund, for carrying on the Business of the Charter, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall leem meet; or that the Petitioners may be otherwise relieved in the Premises.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It palfed in the Negative. '

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Commission declaring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, of Appeals in Causes of Prizes, was read the First time.

R That the Bill be read a Second time.

ai.v Application had been made to tl.e Sessions but said,

Th..t il Six Pence in the Pound was to have been raised in tlu- fa.d P.mllics, that Sum would not exceed /. 150, and tl it to rj iir the said Road would coll /. 80O,

Tuv.b. r being iiiciti'irv t > be ti ed in many Parts of it.

Ti n the U .1 1 pro, llu by tins Petition to be repaired, and tin > gli which g.eut Quantities of Salt arc carried,

le.vi' Irani the Borough of Dr-jituyehalorefud, to Aleefter,

Sift'iJ:rd Avon, ;«rv, Chip;ing Norton, Oxford,

Lou. 'luuccsler, Stony Strafford, ll'aruick, North-

ampton, AHejl/ury, and many other Towns and Places.

Thu f 'iv.et.mo, 111 Summer, Forty Waggons juts and repass this Roau in a Day; but for want ot its being fuff. lentiy repaired, they cannot pais in Winter, which oc-taiion. Salt and other Merchandizes to be risqued on I lories B.uks, there being no Causeway; and that, during his Memory, it was never attempted to travel this ^ uccuuu UU,

Roid with Coaches in Winter, and when attempted in rTo-n c"" ‘, JRoUU Tf'

Sum..,or. tlicv I,ad boon obi, god o go through t£ adja- ,h' r"d, B'U reld ScCond t, OK uP°n

cent Clioumls, to avoid tome Parts of the Road. W'd^da, Mom.ng neat.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for That an humble Address be presented to his

further enlarging the 1 erm and Powers granted and con- Majesty, That he will be graciously plealed to give Di-titiucd by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the rest ions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, his Majesty's Orders in Council, made the aid Day of and the either in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late March lait, for issuing a new Commission of Appeals in Maj- fty Ring George the First, for repairing the Roads Prize Causes, and for appointing the Times for the Meet-from v*'C City of Worcester, through the Borough of ing of the Commissioners of the Appeals; and also a Co-Droitnich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County py of the Commission for the receiving, hearing, and of Worcester; and also for repairing the Hoad from Droit- determining, of Appeals in Causes of Prizes, gran ted under wich to Bradley Brook, in the same County: And that Mr, the Great Seal the 1 ith Day of July last.

Vol. 25. Ordered,

ers for Prize Causes.

Appeals ia Prize Causes

6° — 7 ° Februarii. A. 1748.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his in Repair, unless some other Provision be made by Parlia- Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his ment for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the

several Roads before-mentioned, in such manner as to this Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty House shall seem meet.

Land Tax. ' by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Forty-nine, was read the Third time. the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall aj>

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title pear to them, to the House: be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a And it is referred to Lord Harley, Mr. , Mr.

Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service Prowse, Mr. New land, Sir Charles Mor daunt. Sir of the Yeai1 One thousand Seven hundred and Forty- Sir Ewd. Mr. Barne, Mr.

nine> Mr. Popham, Mr. , Mr. Gwynne, Mr.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, Mr. Lifter, Mr. Mellish, Sir Walt. Wag. , Lord and desire their Concurrence. Dupplin, Mr. Norb. Berkeley, Sir John Lord Geo.

Beauclerk, Mr. Mr. Hardinge, Mr. , Mr.

Laws respect- Ordered, That the Bill for amending, explaining, and Mr. Gray, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Peachy, Sir

ing the Go- reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating de Cornewall, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr.

thetJav*1 of to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Cornewall, Lord Egmont; and all the Members who Vy' Forces by Sea, be read a Second time upon Friday Morn- krve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Salop, and ing next. Gloucester, and for South Wales: And they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's ' And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,

Morning, Nine of the Clock, and Records.

Martts, 7" die Februarii;

Anno 220 Georgii IF1 Regis, 1748. Prayers.

Ross to A PETITION of several of his Majesty's Justices of jf\ tiic peace Gf ancj for the County of Hereford, and 0 s‘ of other Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants living near, and frequently travelling through, the several Roads leading to and iroin the Town of Ross, in the said County of Hereford, therein after particularly mentioned and described, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from the said Town of Ross to Harwood's Inn, being Five Miles, or thereabouts; and also the several Parts of the lload leading from the said Town of Rifs, towards the City of Gloucester, which lie in the said County of Hereford, being Five Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the Town of Ross aforesaid to Hoarwithy, being Four Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from a Place called the Town Brook, in the Town of Ross aforesaid, to a Place called the Perry Tump, in the Parish of How Caple, in the said County of Hereford, being Four Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the Town Brook aforesaid to a Place called the Smith's Shop, in the Parish of Much Marcle, in the said County of Hereford, being Five Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the Town of Ross aforesaid, by the Black House, to Upton's Church, being Three Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Ross, by Westons Cott, to Linton's Church, being Four Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Ross, by Coughtons Chapel, to a Place called The Quern, in the Parish of Wolford, being Three Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the Town of Ross aforesaid to Goodrich Boat, being Two Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Ross, by Glewfton Slenders, to the Old Forge, being Five Miles, or thereabouts; and also the Road leading from the said Town of Ross, along Puckeridge Lane, to a Place called Dib Dean, in the Parish of Waif or d, being Three Miles, or thereabouts; by reason of the Deepnels of the Soil, and of the many heavy Carriages frequently passing along the lame, are become so ruinous, and many Parts thereof almoftimpaflable, especially in the Winter Sealbn, that it is dangerous for Persons to travel through the fame; and that the same cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being for amending the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually repaired, and kept 20

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address, of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- Addrest. ciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of several of the Trusteea, whole Narhes are Hereford thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Roads. Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, several Tolls and Powers were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the 24th Day of June 1726, for repairing and widening Two several Roads in the County of Hereford, between the Parish of the Lea and the City of Hereford; and that by the above-mentioned Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, in the said Act particularly mentioned, commencing the First Day of July One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty, several Tolls and Powers were all'o granted for the Term of One-and-twenty Years, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

And alleging. That although the Money hitherto col-left ed, by virtue of the said Acts, has been duly applied to the several Purposes by the said Acts directed, yet, by reason of the Number of the Roads to be repaired, and the great Length thereof, and the many heavy Carriages daily passing through the lame, some Parts thereof are (till in a very bad and ruinous Condition; and such Parts thereof, as have already been amended, will in a short time become ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to repair the fame: That the before-mentioned Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, being expired, and the Term of the Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, being near expiring, the Petitioners find, that the Repair of the said several Roads, by the said Acts intended to be repaired, cannot be completed, unless the Term and Powers formerly granted be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the last mentioned Act, and for enlarging the Term and Powers thereby granted; and for providing also, that the Roads between the Lea and Hereford be amended, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered,

1 2 Geo. II. 7* Feb. 717

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the their respective Houses, next the Street Or Lane, to en-Conhder..tion of a Committee: And that they do lighten the tame, for the Conveniencyof Passengers from examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as time to time, as it should grow dark, until Twelve of it shall appear to them, to the House: the Clock at Night, upon pain of foifeiring Two Shil-

And it is referred to Mr. Comewall, Mr. Martin, lings for every Default; under a Proviso, nevertheless. Lord Harley, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Guynne, Mr. Hay, That if the Inhabitants of any Parish or Precinct within

Mr. Iyfier, Mr. MedJycott, Sir Conyers D'Arey, Mr. the said City, paying to the Poor, as aforesaid, or the

Larocktt Mr. Gvbbon, Mr. Trevor % Mr. Smith, Mr. major Part of them, should agree to make use of Lamps Comyns, Mr. Barbor, Sir John Elwe/l, Lord Parker; and in such Manner and Sort as therein is directed, nothing

all t lie Members who serve for the Counties of Here-therein contained should extend to oblige any of the Inha-

Jord, Monmouth, Salop, and Cloueejier, and for South bit ants of such Parish or Precinct to bang out any Candles H ales: Ami they aie to meet this Afternoon at Five or Lights before their respective Houses: And it is also of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Enacted, That every Occupier or Owner of any House Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records. or Houses, or Lands, Churchwardens, and Keepers of

Halls and publick Places next adjoining to any Street or Kagfton A Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Lane within the said City, should, from time to time, ifooitane* Clergy, anti other Persons, whole Names are thereunto well and sufficiently pitch or pave the Street before his subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and others living near and their Houses, Habitations, Lands, Churches, Church-to, and u ually travelling through, the Hoad leading from yards. Halls, or publick Places respectively, unto the the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Middle of the Street, Under the Penalty thereby inflicted: Surry, to a Place catted Sheet Bridge, near Peter sfield, in And alleging. That the Provision in the said recited Act the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, of Parliament for the enlightening the Streets of the said and read; letiing forth. That the Road leading from the City, hath in many Instances been found inefficient to 'lown ot Kingston upon Thames to Sheet Bridge aforesaid, answer the good Purposes intended by the said Act; and being the great and common Road to Portsmouth, is, by more particularly for want of a sufficient Power being reason of the Depth of the Soil, and many heavy Car- vested in the Justices of the Peace, in their General Quar-riages jutting aiong the lame, become very ruinous inter-Sessions, to order and oblige the Inhabitants of the nmnv Parts thereof, and much out of Repair; and, in several Parishes and Precincts within the said City, to the Winter Seaton, is so very bad, that Coaches, Wag- make use of publick Lamps within their respective Pa-gons, and other Carriages, cannot travel thereon, and, in rishes and Precincts, and to order the Number of such many Places, so nartow, that they cannot pass one ano- Lamps; and alto, for want of ascertaining a due Length thei, without great Inconvenience and Danger: That of Time during which such Lamps shall be kept burning; the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed and that in Default of creding and maintaining a com-by die Laws and S;atutes of this Realm for repairing petent Number of such publick Lamps, the Citizens and the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually widened. Inhabitants of the said City are exposed to the Danger of and kept in good Repair, unless feme Provision be made Fire?, Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and many other by Parliament for that Purpose: And therefore praying Outrages and Inconveniencies; and that the Enlightening the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought of the said Streets is also greatly hindered and obstructca in for repairing and widening the said Road, in such by Signs which are hung oot befoTe the Houses of several manner as to the House shall fcem meet. Persons, and which obfeurethe publick Lights; and that

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the the Clause in the said recited Act of Parliament, which Confuieration of a Committee: And that they do obliges the Owners of Houses to pitch br pavd to the examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as Middle of the Street, appears to be an uhreasonable Bur-it shall appear to them, to the House: then on such Owners, where thef Streets are very broad.

And it is referred to Sir John EJwell, Sir John Peachyand a great Part of the Houses of small Value, and lett at Lord Baltimore, Mr. Onne, General Onslow, Mr. Taoff low Rents; and that the Streets of the said City are very Sir Ken. Clayton; Mr. Townshend, Mr. Clayton, Sir Edzo. much annoyed, and rendered'very inconvenient for Paf-

Hawke, Mr. Butler, Mr . Joliijfe, Lord Bury, Mr. Co- fengers, in rainy Weather, by the great Number of Spouts

no/,y, Mr. Page, Mr. Dummer, Sir Tho.Bootle, Mr. which carry the Water off many of the Houses to a con-Wallop, Mr. Boone, Mr. Aidscorth, Colonel MorJaunt, siderable Distance into the Stteets; and that the Pitching Mr. Alston, Mr. Winning tou, Lord Bateman, Mr. Heath, of the said Streets is- daily Worn away and torn up by un-

Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Ashe, Mr Sandys, Mr. Batiks, Sir Tho. reasonable Loads carried in or through the same in Wag-Moflyn, Mr. Bond, Mr. Pent on, Mr. Bury,- Mr. Polhill, gons, Carts, and other Wheel Carriages bound with Iron, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Prowse, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. and drawn by a large Number of Horses, thereby not only Rigby, Mr. Evelyn, Sir HughSmithfon, S\t-Robert Grof- rendering the ExpenCe of pitching the said Streets excef-venor, Sir Win. B. Prcltor, Mr. Hordinge, Mr. Frank- five, but'also the Streets of the said City very ruinous, and land, Mr. Harris, Sir Cha. Key. Tynte, Mr. Laroche, dangerous for Passengers; and that the Number of Mr. Ed v. Walpole, Mr. Arfcott, Sir Bouch. iVrey, and Hackney-Coaches used in the said City is greatly increased, all -the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, and the Hallien. Draymen, Carters, and other Persons Jen, and Southampton: And they are. to meet this After- driving Carriages in the said City, become very numerous, noou at Fiveof the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber i And who are often guilty of great Disorders and Irregularities; have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. for which, as the Petitioners apprehend, an adequate Remedy cannot well be provided without the Making of griftol A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, By-laws and Ordinances, from time to time, for their bet-Sircet», Stc. of the City of Jirijiol, under their Common Seal, was ter Government and Regulation: All which Grievances, presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That Inconveniencies, and Dcfefis, the Petitioners represent by an Act, made in the i ith and lath Years of his late to the House, praying. That the same may be remedied Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for and supplied for the common Benefit of the ancient City the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon of; and that the House will be pleased to give

and Froome-, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening. Leave for bringing in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid. the Streets of the City of Bristol-,it is, amongst divers; That the said Petition be referred to the

other Things, Enacted, That every Householder, charge*- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-able with Two Pence, or more, by the Week, to the mine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as Tt Relief of the Poor, and whose House adjoined to any shall appear to them, to the House: publick Street or Lane within the said City, from Michael-And it is referred to Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr.

mas to Lady-day yearly, should every Night set or hang Gwymt, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. out Candles or Lights in Lanthorna on the Outttde of Yorke, Mr. Mr. Fane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hamil-

Vol. 25. 8 U ton.

718 7* Februariu A. 1748.

ton, Mr. Cornwall, Colonel Mr. Grenville, Sir

Walter Wag. Bagot, Mr. , Mr. Northey, Mr. Child,

Mr. Gildart, Sir Conyers , Mr. Mr.

West, Mr. Gore, Mr. PitMr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr. Charlton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. , Mr. Martin,

Mr. Heath, Colonel Fitzroy; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of , Somerset, and:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wandsford A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Bur-

Bridge. gefies, of the Town or Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from Wandsford, in the County of Northampton, to the said Town of Stamford, being Five measured Miles and an Half, is Part of the common High Road from London to Scotland, and greatly frequented by Travellers; and, by reason of the many heavy Carriages with excessive Burthens thereon, is become so very bad, deep, and ruinous, that it is inconvenient and dangerous to all Persons passing and repailing the fame; and that the said Road cannot be sufficiently amended, and kept in Repair, by the Performance of the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, unless a Provision be made by Parliament for the railing Money for that Purpose: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the effectual amending and repairing the said Road, with the Monies anting by a Toll to be taken at a Turnpike to be erected on the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Barbor, Lord Parker, Sir Rich. Wrotttftey, Mr. Mr. Smith, Colonel Fitzroy, Mr. Wm. Lev. , Mr. , Mr. Bap. Lev. Gower, Mr. Mundy, Lord Trentham, Mr. Neale, Mr. Grenville, Mr. C, Mr. Brereton, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Sir John Rushout,

Mr. Ahlworth, Mr. Walpole, Sir John St. Avbin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Bridgmani and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lincoln, Rutland, York, Durham, and Northumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

F|?r°y'i A Petition of Charles Fitzroy Esquire, and Frances his *ne. \y;fe> was prefeated to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by Indentures of Lease and Rclrease, bearing Date respectively the 24th and 25th Days of July 1716, the Release being Quinquepartite, and expressed to be made between the Right Honourable James lata Lord Scudamore, Viscount Sligo, and Baron of Dromar, in the Kingdom of Ireland, or the First Part; the Right Honourable Frances Lady Viscountess Scudamore, then Wife to the said James Lord Scudamore, of the Second Part; the Petitioner Frances, by the Name and Description of

the Honourable Frances Scudamore, Daughter of the said James Lord Scudamore, of the Third Part; the Hoooour-abl e Edward Digby and WHotkefly Digby, Th i rd and Fourth Sons of William Lord Digby, Baron of Gejhill, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Honourable Henry Brydges, 'Brother to the Right Honourable James Earl of Carnarvon, of the Fourth Part; the said William Lord Digby, Francis Brydges, Timothy and John Yryft, Esquires, of the Fifth Part; the said James Lord Scudamore did, for the Considerations therein mentioned, settle and limit, convey, and allure, divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Cambridge, Hereford, Bucks, Monmouth, Huntingdon, Gloucester, and Surry, therein mentioned and described, to take Effect after the Deaths of the said James Lord Scudamore and Frances Lady Scudamore , and, after the Determination of the Uses and Estates thereby limited, unto and for the Benefit of their

Sons, and the Issue of the respective Bodies of such Sons; and which laid particular Estates are all lirice determined to the Use of the said Frances Scudamore, for her Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the said William Lord Digby, Francis Brydges, Timothy Geers, and John Tryfi, and their Heirs, during her Life, in Trust, to support contingent Remainders; and, after her Decease, to her First and every other Son successively, in Tail General; and, in Default of Issue, to her First and every other Daughter successively, in Tail General; Remainder to the Use of the said Edward Digby, and the Heirs of his Body; with divers Remainders over; and which said Limitations to the Petitioner Frances, and her Sons and Daughters, and the Persons in Remainder after them, were upon the express Condition following;

That (he the said Frances, and the Husband or Husbands that Ihe should marry, and her Sons and Daughters, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and the Persons in Remainder after them, who, by virtue of the Limitations in the said Indenture Quinquepartite expressed, should have or enjoy, or be intitled to, all or any of the Premises therein contained, should, so soon as all or any of the same Premises should fall into their Possession, take the Surname of Scudamore, and bear the hereditary Arms of the said James Lord Scudamore in her or their Escutcheons, and use their utmost Endeavours to obtain an Act of Parliament for enabling and obliging them thereto: That the said James Lord Scudamore and Lady Frances his Wife are both since dead, leaving Issue the Petitioner Frances, their Daughter and only Child, who hath lately intermar-ried with the Petitioner Charles Fitzroy Esquire; and that the Petitioners are adviled, that, in order to perform the Condition mentioned and inserted in the said Indenture Quinquepartite, it is requisite and necessary for them to take and bear the additional Surname, and hereditary Arms of the said James late Lord Scudamore; and that the said additional Surname and Arms should be confirmed to, and established in, them and the Ilfue of the said Frances, intitled, for the Time being, to the Estates comprised in the said Settlement, under the Limitations therein contained: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enabling and obliging the Petitioners, and the Son and Sons, Daughter and Daughters, of the Body of the said Petitioner Frances, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, who, by virtue of the Limitations in the said Settlement, shall have or enjoy, or at anytime be intitled to, all or any the Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, therein comprised, lb soon as all or any of the said Premises fell into their Possession and Enjoyment, to take the additional Name of and bear

the hereditary Arms of the said James Lord Scudamore in her, his, or their Efeutcheons.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Colleton, Lord Dup, and Mr. -wall, do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Com- Edinburgh mon-Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, ChJnt> and in behalf of the Community, was presented to the Work oue* House, and read; letting forth. That some Years ago there was erected in Edinburgh a large Fabrick, or Charity Work-house, for the Maintenance and Employment of the begging Poor, where above Five hundred poor Persons, besides Out-pensioners, are maintained; and such as are capable, employed in useful Labour: That the Funds for the Support of the Poor of the City arose chiefly from the voluntary Collections at the Church Doors; but although every Inhabitant was fenlible of the Advantage of usefully employing the Poor, and pleased with the Deliverance from the Nuifence of common Beggars, yet, Objects x>{ Companion being no more in Sight, the publick Charity of late Years has gradually declined, and, without some speedy Remedy, this large Fabrick, erected upon the -voluntary Contribution of the inhabitants, and other Donations, may, in place of being any longer ufefuMy employed, remain a spacious Monument of the Decline of

publick

Lrtrc of

Absener.

Elltnfoot

Harbour.

ai Geo. II. 7

publick Charity: That a Fund arising from the Collections at the Church Doors is not only precarious, hut extremely unequal; seeing those, who formerly attended Non-jurant Meetmjr-houses, and others who resort to no Place of publick W orship, are totally exemed from an Expence which ought to be common, and as equal as possible: That the Magistrates and Common-Council, with many of the principal Inhabitants, have long turned their Thoughts towards a Scheme that should appear the most equal and unexceptionable for supporting and usefully employing the numerous Poor of this City, but could devise no Method without the Aid of the Legifla-turt, for attaining so salutary an End: That, after a Variety of Confutations, nothing occurred so equal and fealonable as to lay aside the Collections at the Church Doors» and, in lieu thereof, apply to Parliament to have a Poor's Rate established within the City and Liberties, payable by the Occupiers and PoflclTors of Tenements, Houses, and Shops, in proportion to their valued Rents, that none should be exemed from their Share of this Rate, which should be limited so, as never to exceed suchSum as to the Legidature should (cem absolutely necessary j and a Power granted to the Magistrates and Council to a flu me the Parocbes of Cannongate, South and North Leith, and Si. Cuthbert' % , with the Advice and Consent

of such Trustees as the Legidature should name for completing the Scheme, and relieving the Suburbs, as well as the City, from the Clamours of the indigent Poor; and that this Plan meeting with the Approbation of many of those who were bed able to judge of the real Interest of the Cotnmunity, and particularly having the Approbation of the Right Honourable the Lords of Session, the Peti-

tioners are encouraged to lay their same before the House, praying. That the House would be pleased to order a Bill to be brought in for making effectual the salutary Purposes proposed by th:s Application.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-(ideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Ker, Sir Tho. Hales, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Turner,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Watson, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Grenville,

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fane, Mr. Jenyns General,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Talbot, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wimington, Sir John Mr. West,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mr. SanJys,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Barbor; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And th.y are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The House being informed. That Mr. from Bounty on

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; Linen»-He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, of the 20th of his Majesty, from Christmas 1747, to Christmat 1748.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read. V

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Ax ACCOU NT of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, of the 20th of his Majesty, from Christmas 1747, to Christmat 1748.

Bounties paid - - 8,722. j. 7

Custom-house, London, the 3d February 1748.

R, Parsons, Comptroller-General.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith of Leicestershire have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Sir John Pennington reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Coal-owners, living near the Harbour of Ellen-foot, in the County of Cumberland, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. John Christian and Mr. William Comberkirkby: Who, being severally examined,'said. That they are well acquainted with the Situation of the said Harbour, which is very convenient for the Coal Trade carried on in and about that Neighbourhood, for (applying the City of "Dublin, and other Places, with Coals:

That if a new Pier was erected, and other necessary Works made in and about the feme, and the Channel widened (which is now so narrow, that Ships and Vessels cannot pals each other) that Harbour would not only be capable of receiving great Numbers of Ships, and other Vessels, employed in that Trade, whereby the Revenue of his Majesty s Customs would be greatly increased without any additional Expence, Trade and Navigation much improved, but of great Advantage to the Country adjoining the reto:

Vox.. 25.

And they added to their Evidence, That as the eroding such Pier and making other Works necessary to be done to complete the Harbour, will require considerable Sums of Money to be raised for defraying the Expence thereof, the same cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, enlarging, and preserving. the Harbour of JEl/enfoot, in the County of Cumberland: And that Sir John Pennington, Sir John Ramsden, Sir James Lowther,

Mr. Wilson, Mr. Daljtonc, and Sir Charles Wyndham, do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Wilson presented to the House, according to Order, Rennert a Bill for naturalizing George William Renner: And the Nat same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Horsemonden Turner presented to the House ac- Rochester, cording to Order, a Bill to continue Two Acts of Par- Ac. Road*, liament, One of the First, and the other of the Ninth,

Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret' % , in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads t «erein mentioned; and for rendering the same more effectual: And the same was received } anti read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands Sutton, and low Grounds in the teveral Parishes of Sutton, Dram*e-

Whitcham, Chatteris, Doddinglon, and a Place called By at Fen, in the ffle of Ely and County of and also in the Parishes of Somersham and PtcUey with

Fenton,

7*o

Februarii.

A. 1748.

Broughton

Tytlics.

Army; Mutiny and Desertion.

Leave of Absence.

Wakerlry

Inclosure.

Papers respecting Proposals of Peace.

Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr.

Mr. Hay, iVlr. Torke, Mr C, Lord Mr.

Mellish, Mr. West, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lyttle-

ton, Mr. Fane, Sir John Ligonier, Mr. Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Neale, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Parker, Mr. Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Turnerand all the Members who fevvefor the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Norfolk and Suffolk And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for settling a certain yearly Payment to the Rest or of Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for the

Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War, and Mr. Thomas Gore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Talbot, of Lacock, have Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields and Lands, in the Manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor, Lord Gage, Mr. Smith, Sir John CuJI, Mr. West, Mr. Vfilles, Lord Parker, -Lord' Trentham, - Mr. Ellis, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Proby, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Neale, Mr. Talbot, Mr ton, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Shirley, Mr. Child, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Kynaftou, Mr. Lyster; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of ton , Lincon, and Rutland:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'? Chamber.

A Motion was made, and the Quell ion being proposed. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies "df all Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or Communicated, on the Part of his Majesty, to the French King, or on the Part of the French King, to his Majesty, in the Year x 744; together with Copies of all the Letters and Papers relating the reto: —

Notice being taken. That, from feme Words which had been spoken in the House by the Lord Egmont and Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, there was Reason to apprehend a Quarrel might ensue;

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required them to (land up in their Places, and give the House Assurance not to prosecute what had happened.

Whereupon Mr. Horatio Walpole Hood up in his Place, and promised the House not to prosecute the Matter.

Then the Lord Egmont ftoOd up in his Place, and 'made the like Promise on his Part.

~Then the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be gra-cioully pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or communicated, on the Part of his Majesty, to the French King, or on the Part of the French King, to his Majesty, in the Year 1744; together with Copies of all the Letters and Papers relating thereto;

It passed in the Negative.'

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Paper* re-That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty,

That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that peaCe.° there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or communicated, on the Part of the French King, to his Majesty, or on the Part of his Majesty, to the French King, in the Year 1745 > together with Copies of all the Letters and Papers, relating the ifto;

It pasted in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty,1 That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be.laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or communicated, on the Part of the French King, to his Majesty, or on the Part of his Majesty, to the French King, in the Year 1746; together with Copies of all the Letters and Papers relating thereto;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid belore this House, Copies of the Overtures for a general Pacification, mentioned by his Majesty in his most gracious Speech from the Throne, upon the 12 th of November 1747, to have been then lately made to his Majesty on the Part of France, some of the Terms of which, his Majesty was then graciously pleased to acquaint his Parliament, were such as could not be approved; and also Copies of all other Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or comtnunicated, on the Part of the French King, to his Majesty, or on the Part of his Majesty, to the French King, in the said Year 1747 ;. together with Copies of all Letters and Papers, so far as they relate to the said Overtures and Proposals, and the fnterefts of Great Britain and her Allies at that time;

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

By- inserting, between the Word " France " and the Word "Tome," the Words " and thoughand by leaving out, after the Word " Terms," the Words " of *‘ which his Majesty was then graciously pleased to acquaint his Parliament," and inserting the Wprd " pro-j " poled" instead thereof; and by inserting, between the Word " approved" and the Word " and, " the Words " -a Congrels was actually agreed to be; held at Aix la " Chapelle, whither the several Ministers did fooq

" repair

And the Question being put. That after the Word " France," and before the Word "Tome," the Words " and though" be inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That the Words " of " which his Majesty was then graciously pleased to acquaint his Parliament" Hand Part of the Queston;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Queston being put. That the Word " proposed" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Afiirmative.

And the Question being put, That after the Word " approved," and before the Word " and, " the Words " a1 Congress was actually agreed to be held at Aix la " Chapelle, whither the several Ministers did soon repair," be inserted;:

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended! being put, Tha£ an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased togive Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of the Overtures for a general Pacification, mentioned by his Majesty in his most gracious Speech from the Throne, upon the 12th of November 1747, to have been then lately made to his Majesty on the Part of France; and though some of the

Tcrins

ii Geo. II. 70 — 8° Febrtlarii. 72 r

Terms proposed yrere such as could not be approved, a Congrets was actually agreed to be held at whither the several Ministers did soon repair} and also Copies of allother Proposals of Peace or Accommodation made or communicated, on the Part of the French King, to his Majesty, or on the Part of his Majesty, to the French King, in the said Year 1747; together with Copies of all Letters and Papers, to far as they relate to the said Overtures and Proposals, and the lntcrefts of Great Britain and her Allies at that time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

},o.

Teller, for the } ,8.

So it passed in the Negative.

CaHof

the House.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeMerrfor.fceVeaJ^g-".

Te,erstor, heN^,|^"";^"». So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

izt.

3

} 70.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 3° di;

Anno 22* Georgii II41 Regis, 1748.

Praykrs.

Southwark fiaail Debts.

A PETITION of the several Tradesmen and Shopkeepers within the Town and Borough of,

and the several Pari flics of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Berm, St. Mary Lambeth,

Christ-Church, late Parish of St. , and St. Mary at

Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Pre-cinds and Liberties of the fame, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well on behalf of themselves, as of all others trading or inhabiting within the said Borough, Parishes, and Liberties, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in the Course of their Dealings, are under a necessity of giving Credit to a great Number of Persons for small Sums, which, in the Whole, amounts to a great Sum of Money every Year; and, notwithstanding several of these Debtors are well able to pay the Petitioners, yet they frequently refuse lo to do, presuming on the Discouragements which the Petitioners lie under from the unavoidable Expence in suing for such Debts, and the Delays even after Judgment; and that the giving Tradesmen an easy and speedy Method of recovering their just Debts, and at a fmaft Expence, will, as the Petitioners conceive, greatly tend to the Promoting of lndufcry, and the Support of useful Credit: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark and the several Parishes of St. , St.

Mary at Nezvington, Sr. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, St. Maty Lambeth, Christ-Church, and St. Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the same; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall ft cm meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, lo the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Be/chier, Mr. BiJJe Vol. 25.

ebards, Mr. Hardinge, General Onslow Mr. Hunts, Lord Baltimore, Lord Parker, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr* Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Lord Deerburst,

Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Greatheed, Mr. , Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Geo. Selzvyn, Sir IVm. Yonge,

Mr. Kent, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir John Turner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of* the Town of Bromfrrove

grove, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are 5oad "j0."} thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and yCT* n read; setting forth. That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, that a Petition has been presented for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Road from the City of Worcester \o the Borough of wich,\n the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned: And alleging. That the Road from Dyers Bridge (to which Place the Road is directed by the former Acts to be repaired) through the Town of Bromsgrove, to Spadefbourne Brooke, is in a very runious Condition, occasioned by many heavy Carriages constantly passing thereon with Coals from Dudley to Droitzvich, and other Places: And therefore praying, That, in case Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the said Acts, Provision may be made therein for amending and keeping in Repair the said Road from Dyers Bridge to Spadefbourne Brook, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord De, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Greatheed, Sir John Rufhout, Admiral Vernon, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Powney, Sir N.Curzon, Mr. Mr.

Bet hell. Sir John Turner, Mr. Curzon, Lord Parker, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Fe/lowes, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Kent, Mr. Yerke, Mr.

Lloyd,.Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr MitchMr. Aldermadr JanJJen, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Kynaston. Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sir

Peter Thompson, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Tonfon, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Saville, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester and Warwick: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Merchants of the City of London,

Owners and Mailers of Ships, whose Names are there- our' unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Ships bound to the Westward are frequently detained a long time, by contrary Winds, in

the Downs, which is an open Road, where they are exposed to the Danger of being wrecked in stormy Weather; and that on the 16th of December last there happened a violent Storm, which made all the Ships in the Downs drive, and forced many from their Anchors, some of which Ships fell foul of each other, and foundered; and some, attempting the Shore, were loft on the Sands:

And alleging, That these Mischiefs might be prevented, and the Lives of great Numbers of Seamen preforved, if a Harbour capable of receiving Ships was made on the Coast of Kent, between the North and South Forelands; and that the Petitioners apprehend, from several Ships in the late Storm having got Shelter in the Harbour of Ramsgate, that the said Harbour, though a dry Harbour, may be made capable of lately receiving a Number of full-built Ships, and Ships that will take the Ground, where they may lie secure whilst they wait foralair Wind to proceed either round the North or South Foreland:

8 X that.

Borrough bridge to Durham Road.

n'li 8° Februariu A. 1748.

That, for want of such an Harbour, the Loss sustained in any One violent Storm, is more considerable than the Expence of completing the proposed Work would amount to: But, as such Expence cannot be provided for without the Aid of Parliament, therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and maintaining the said Harbour in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Lord

Mayor of London, Mr. Robinf Mr. Bacon, Sir Peter Thomson, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Greatheed, Sir R. War. Bampfylde, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mr.

Cka. Gore, Mr. Belchier, Sir N. , Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Anson, Admiral Vtruon, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Child, General Onslow, Mr. Yorke, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Kynaston, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Plumptre, Lord Parker, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Col-

leton, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Boone, Sir Yonge, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Sufex, and the Coast Counties, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the lleign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading stem Borroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft bridge, on the River Tees, and from thernce, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road leading from Borroughbridge in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the feme County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whereby several Tolls were granted, for repairing the said Road, being the great and common Poll Road from -London to Edinburgh; but in the said Act is contained a Clause or Proviso, whereby all Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, going empty or unladen for, or laden with, Coals or Cinders, are exempted from Payment of any of the Tolls by the said Act imposed, in respect of their passing or repassing on the said Road, at any Time between the First Day of March and the Thirtieth Day of October, in each Year, and are only chargeable with the Payment of One-fourth Part of the said Tolls, in respect of their passing and repassing on the said Road, at any Time from the Thirtieth Day of October to the First Day of March, in each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act: That the Trustees, appointed to put the said Act in Execution, have made a considerable Progress in repairing and amending the said Road, but, by reason of the great Number of Qarts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said Road, laden with Coals and Cinders, which do great Damage to the said Road, and, by the said Act, are exempt From paying the Tolls, in manner above-mentioned, the said Road cannot be effectually amended and made good, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, according to the Intent of the said Act, unless a further Duty be laid and imposed on all such Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said Road, empty or unladen for, or laden with, Coals and Cinders: That the Powers granted to the said Trustees, by the said Act, are, in many Instances, found inefficient, and several Difficulties have arisen in putting the said Act in Execution, whereby the good Purposes by the said Act intended are; - *9

greatly obstructed: That several great Sums of Money, to the Amount of Six thousand and Six hundred Pounds, have been borrowed at Interest, by the said Trustees, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act; and, notwithstanding the Tolls collected and received, in pursuance of the said Act, and the Money (b borrowed on the Credit thereof, have been duly applied to and for the Purposes by the said Act directed, yet, by reason of the Coal Carriages, and Horses and other Cattle, passing along the said Road, being exempted as aforesaid, the Tolls granted by the said Act do riot raise a sufficient Sum of Money to repair the fame, the said Road, directed to be repaired by the said Act, being Fifty-three Miles in Length, is Hill, in many Parts thereof, in a ruinous Condition, and cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept,

Materials for repairing the fame, lying at a great Distance from many Parts of the said Road, and to be purchased at a very great Expence, nor the Monies already borrowed, on the Credit of the said Tolls be repaid, and such Parts of the said Road as have been already repaired, will, by reason of the heavy Coal Carriages and other Carriages, passing along the feme as aforesaid, be soon in a ruinous Condition again, if a sufficient5 Fund is notannu-ally raised and applied for and towards keeping the said Road in Repair, and the said Trustees be enabled to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete the said Road, which no Person, at present, is willing to advance, unless the said Term, Duties, and Powers, granted by the said Act, be further prolonged and enlarged, and the said Act be made more effectua!: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the effectual repairing the said High Road, by enlarging the Term, Duties, and Powers, granted by-the said Act, by such means, and in such manner, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Conyers D' Arcy, Mr. Thornton, Sir Hug Mr. ter. Sir John Turner, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Hardinge, Mr Ridley, Sir fVm. Yonge, Sir Wm. Middleton, General Onslow, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Yorke, Lord Parker, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cat-mi chad, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Watson, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. R<f-binfon, Mr. Southwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, and Cumberland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of tire Trustees appointed to putin Execu- stcclton tional Act, passed in the aoth Year of the Reign of his upon Tee* present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through IVinfton, to Barnard-Cqftle, in the feme County, and also of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth-, That an Act of Parliament was made in the 10th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled.

An Act for repairing the High Road leading form Stock-ton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through Winston, to Barnard-Castle, in the feme County, whereby several Tolls were granted and made payable for repairing the said High Road, being not only the great and common High Road into Wflmoreland, but in some Parts thereof also is the great and corn man Coal Road from divers Coal Mines, Collieries, and Coal Pits, in the County of Durham, into Cleveland, in the said County of York;

in the said Act is contained a Proviso, whereby all Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, going empty or unloaden for, or loaden with, Coals, are exempted from the Payment of any of the Tolls, by the said

2 2 Geo. II. 8° Februari.

Act imposed, in respect of their passing or repaying on the said Road, at any time between the ift Day of March and the 30th Day of in each Year, and

are only chargeable with the Payment of One-fourth f*art of the said: Duties, in respect of their passing or repalling on thefatd Road, at anytime trom the 30th Day of October to the First Day of Marchin each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act: That the Trustees, appointed to put t he said Act in Execution, have made some Frogrelsin repairing and amending the said Road, but, by reason of the great Number of Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cat lie, passing and rcpalling on the said Road, loaden with Coals and Cinders, which do very great Damage to the said Road (the same being a deep Clay) and by the said Act exempted from paying the Tolls, in manner above-mentioned, the said Road cannot be effectually amended arid made good, and kept in good and sufficient Repair, according to the Intent of the said Act, unless a further Duty be imposed on all such Carts and other Carriages, Horles and other Cattle, pacing and repairing on the said Road, empty or unladen for, or loaden with. Coals or Cinders: That the Powers granted to the said Trustees, in and by the said Act, are, in many Instances, found inefficient, and several Difficulties have arisen in putting the said Act in Execution, whereby the good Purposes by the said Act intended are greatly obstructed: And that several Sums of Money, to the amoynt of £ 2,020, have been borrowed, at Interest, by the said Trustees, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Act: And that, notwithstanding the Tolls collected arc! received,'mpursuance of the said Act, and the Mo-nev so borrowed, have been duly applied to and for t he Purposes by the said Act directed, yet, by reason of the Coal Carriages, Hoifes, and other Cattle, passing and repalling along the said Road, being exempted as aforesaid, the 'Polls and Duties granted by the said Act do not raise a

. O a

sufficient Sum of Money effectually to repair and amend the fame; and that the said Road, directed to be repaired by the said Act, being Twenty-eight Miles in Length, still is, in a great many Parts thereof in a ruinous Condition, having also many steep Hills in the fame, and cannot be effectually repaired, and so kept, the Materials for repwring the same iyiqg at a great Distance from many Parts of the said Road, and not only to be purchased of the Owners of the Lands in whose Estates rhey lie, at great Expence, but alto covered with deep Covers of Earth, and the Stone found to be so loft and unlit, in the rightmaking of the said Road; nor can the Monies already borrowed, on the Credit of the said Tolls, be repaid, or the same sufficient to repair the same: And that such Parts of the said Road as -already have been repaired, will, by reason of the heavy Coal and other Carriages passing and repaliing along the same as aforesaid, be loon in a ruinous Condition again, if a sufficient Fund is not annually raised and applied for making and keeping the said Road in Repair, and the said Trustees be enabled to borrow a further Sum of Money to complete the said Road, according to the Intent of the said Act, which no Person, at present, is willing to do, unless the said Term, Duties, and Powers, granted by the said Act, be further prolonged and enlarged, and the Act be made more effectual to answer the Purposes intended thereby: And therefore praying, That the House will give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the effectual repairing the said High Road, by enlarging the Term, Duties, and Powers, granted by the said Act, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Mr. Bowes, Sir Conyers jy Arcy, Mr. Colleton, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir John -out. Sir John Turner, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Lord

Parker, Mr. Tempest, Lord Harley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Har-dinge, Sir. Cha. Gore, Sir IVm. Tonge, Mr. Tho. , Mr.

Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Mellish, Sir Curzon, Mr. Child,

VOL. 25.

Mr. Curzon, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Robinson, Sir Francis Poole, Mr Blackett, Mr. Hor. tValpole, Mr. Richard

Lyttletofi, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Powney, Mr.

Grenville, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Charlton, Mr. S/oper; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmor eland: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to Appeal*in their Address to his Majesty, Prit*Causa*.

Copy of his Majesty's Order in Council, made the 2ad of March 1747, for ilfuinga new Commission of Appeals in Prize Causes: And also,

Copy of his Majesty's Order in Council, made the 22d of March 1747, for appointing the Times of the Meeting of the Commissioners of Appeals in Prize Causes.

And the Titles of the said Copies were read.

The said Copies are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copies do lie upon the Table, until the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act declaring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, of Appeals in Causes of Prizes, be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Collins, One Commission of the Six Clerks in Chancery, attended at the Door; j°r. he*pDB

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Pnze au e*' House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of the Commission for receiving, hearing, and determining, Appeals in Causes of Prizes, granted under the Great Seal the 1 ith Day of July 1748.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordired. That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, until the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act declaring the * Authority of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, bearing, and determining, Appeals in Causes of Prizes, be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Bur- Waymouth gestes, and Commonalty, of the Borough and Town of Harbour. Way mouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, Time out of mind, have received certain Duties, called Petty Customs, or Wharfage, upon the Importation and Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes into, and out of, the Harbour of IVaymouth and Melcombe Regis aforesaid; and also certain other Duties there, called Harbour Dues and Ballast Duty, which have been constantlyunder theManagement of the Mayor, Aldermen,

Bailiffs, and Capital and Principal Burgesses, of the said Borough and Town, and by them applied towards repairing the Wharfs and other publick Buildings and Works there: And that, of late Years, several Persons have refilled to pay the said Duties, and the Petitioners, in order to support their Right to the fame, have brought several Actions, and obtained Verdicts of Damages, but that, notwithstanding such their Right was thereby established, yet, by means of the Expences in carrying on such Suits, and many continued Evalions, and Refusals of Payment, that Fund hath been considerablylelTencd, and the Wharfs and other publick Buildings and Works are now in a ruinous Condition, and must be intirely destroyed, if not timely prevented: And alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Duties were ascertained, and the Payment thereof compelled, in a summary Way, it would be sufficient to keep in Repair, for the future, what remains of their v\ harfs and other publick Buildings and Works, but That, they areadvised, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying

8 FebruariL A. 1748.

Scotch Mi* nit'er*' Widows and Children.

York Build* ng» Company.

the House to take the Premises into Cofisideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for the Purposes aforesaid; or to give such other Relief as to the House shall seem just.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Doddinglon, Mr. ProSior, Sir John Strange, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Mr. Archer, Mr.

Courtenay, Sir R. War. Bampfylde, Mr. Gun dry' Mr. Morton, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bond, Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Cha. Gore, Mr. Haw. Browne, Mr. Tho. Gore, Lord Bury, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hume Campbell., Mr. Hardinge, Mr. , Mr.

Yuckfield, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Plump/re, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Powney, Mr. and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Adam Anderson, Agent for the Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament of the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters of the Univer-(ities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it hath been made manifest to the said Trustees, since the Palling of the said Act of Parliament, That the Number of Benefices in the Church of Scotland aforesaid, and of Offices aforesaid in the said Universities, is considerably less, and, at the same time, the Proportion of Widows and Children to be provided for will, according to all Probability, be considerably greater than was supposed in the Calculations upon which the Proportion was then (ettled, between the annual Rates payable by the Possessors of the said Benefices and Offices, and the Provisions for the said Widows and Children; and that sundry other unforeseen Inconveniencies and Difficulties have likewise arilen in the Execution of the said Act of Parliament: And therefore praying in behalf, and by Order of, the said Trustees, That the House will give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for explaining, amending, and enforcing, the said Act of Parliament of the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, in such manner as the House shall judge proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Charleton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Lud.

Grant, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Rowney, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sloper, Lord Parker, Sir Curzon, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr.

Bowes, Mr. Grenville, Mr. West, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Colleton; and all the Members who serve (or North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water, in York Buildings, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, upon the Encouragement of divers Acts of Parliament, for the Sale of the Estates that were forfeited by the Rebellion, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifteen, did contract for the absolute Purchase of several of the said Estates both in England and Scotland, and paid Come Part of the Purchase Money, out of the Money paid by the Stockholders, on their Sub-22

scription, and on Calls on their Stock; and, wanting mote Money to complete their said Pure hales, and, if Opportunity should offer, to make other Purchases of other the said forfeited Estates, a Clause was inserted in the Malt Act, of the Year 1720, by which it was Rpafted, for the better enabling the Petitioners to raise, &tid pay to the Government, the Price, or Consideration Money, for the Purchase of the said Estates, That it should be lawful to and for the Petitioners, from time to time, to grant, felh and dispose of Rent Charges or Annuities, to the full Extent and Value of such of the said Estates as were, or should be, at any Time or Times, by them purchased in or by the way or method of Lottery, and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, in that Method to purchase such Annuities of the Petitioners; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any-wise notwithstanding: And that, in pursuance of the said Power, the Petitioners have, by Three several Lotteries, granted Annuities, not according to the Value of the several Estates by them purchased, but to near the Extent of the yearly Income thereof; and the Sums thereby raised, and the Sums paid by the Stockholders on their Subscription and Calls, not being sufficient to pay the whole Purchase Money for the said Estates, the Petitioners were obliged to borrow great Sums of Money, upon Bonds, under their Common Seal, to make good the Residue of the Purchase-Money, till more Money could be raised by Sale of new Annuities, in the room of those that should be determined by the Death of the Annuitants: And that, on or about the Twenty-first Day of October 1728, a Licence, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, was granted by his present Majesty to the Petitioners, to carry on a Trade, by importing to England &\\ Wares, Goods, and Merchandizes, growing and arising in Scotland; and, by virtue thereof, the Petitioners did set up Manufactures of Iron Works and Timber, and brought great Quantities of Timber to the Port of London, but not having Liberty to export any Goods or Merchandizes to any foreign Market, the Petitioners could not apply themselves, with any Prospect of Success, to the most profitable Trade; viz. the Fisheries in Scotland, and upon the Coast thereof; the Profit of such Fisheries arising by Sales in foreign Markets: And that the Petitioners, having expended great Sums of Money in the said Timber and Iron Works, and being, on that and otherAccounts, entangled with a Multiplicity of Debts and Suits, were unable to carry on any Trade without a large Supply of Money j and therefore the Petitioners did, in the Year 1732, agree to a Subscription of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, on their Stock, to be paid by several Installments, in order to pay their Debts, and carry on Trade, but that very little of the said Call was complied with, and that only by some of the Stockholders: And that, by expending very great Sumsof Money in setting up and carrying on the said Manufactures, the Petitioners not only contrafted great Debts, butalfomade Default in Payment of their said Annuities; and the Stockholders refilling to comply with the said Call of Fifteen Pounds Cent, the Trustees for the Annuitants, in the Year 1733, took Possession of the Estates of the Petitioners in and other Creditors of the Petitioners took Possession of the Petitioners Estates in England -, and various Suits, both in England and Scotland, have been commenced and carried on with great Rigour against the Petitioners: And that, for want of a sufficient Fund, the Petitioners have, ever since the Year 1724, discontinued the Granting of Annuities, but that many of the Annuities formerly granted by the Petitioners, and all the Jointures on the Petitioners Estates, are fallen in, so that the Petitioners have now a sufficient Fund for making a new Grant of Annuities; and, for Payment of such new Annuities, propose to make liable the Surplus Rents of their present Estates, and to apply the Money, arising by the Grant of such new Annuities, to the Payment of their present Debts: And that the Petitioners no-ways desire to deprive any of their Creditors of any Remedy they have, or may have, in Law or Equity, against any of the Estates or Effects the Petitioners are now interested in, or intitled unto, in Posses-

fion,

Bfirish

Fishery.

fuaishing Mutiny and Desertioci.

Suffolk

Afix«>.

22 Geo. II.

18° Februarii.

lion or Reverliort, or otherwise howsoever; but that none of the Stockholders will pay the Remainder of the said Call of Fifteen Pounds per Cent, or any other Call, unlcfe

what shall be therewith purchased or redeemed can be freely enjoyed by them, and not subject to the present Debts of the said Company: And that, in such cate, for a Stock to trade with, the Petitioners propose to raise Money by a voluntary Subscription of the Stockholders, who will readily contribute thereto, provided their future Effects, thereby gained, may be enjoyed free from all their present Debts, which the Petitioners apprehend will be doing no Injustice to their present Creditors, the Petitioners noways dehring to deprive any Creditor of any Remedy he hath, or hereafter may have, for Recovery of his or her Debts out of any of the Estates or Effects the Petitioners are now interested in, or intitled unto, in Possession, or Reversion, or otherwise howsoever: And that, amongst other Fisheries, the Petitioners propose to carry oo the Whale Fishery, in the North Seat; and apprehend, by the Situation of their Estates in Scotland, they can carry on the same to Advantage, if they had Ratable Encouragement; and, part icularly, if the Alt of Parliament, passed in the 6th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery, earned on by his Majesty's British Subjects, for the Term of Nine Years, and since expired, should be renewed; which the Petitioners apprehend will greatly tend to the Encouragement and Increase of the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may have Liberty to cany on Fisheries in Scotland»and upon the Coasts thereof, and in the North Seas, under such Encouragement as the House shall think proper; and have Liberty not only to import their said Fish, Wares, Goods, and Merchandize, to England, but also to export the same to foreign Parts; and that the Money to be raised by granting Annuities as aforesaid, may be applied to the Payment of the present Debts of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners may enjoy what they shall purchase and acquire by Money to be raised on voluntary Calls or Subscriptions, to carry on their said Trade and Adairs free and exonerated from all their former Debts and Engagements; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief, in all and Angular the Premises, as to tt e House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider °*» and to report to the House, the State of the British Fishery:

And a Committee was appointed of General Sir Thomas Robinson, Admiral Vernon, Mr. West, Sir Wm, Tonge, Mr. Janffen, Mr. Hardinge, Sir John Cust, Mr, Bathurst, Sir John RsUbout, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clarke, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lyttelton, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Fazaekerley, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. AffleckSir Peter Warren, Lord Dttpplsn, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Cha. Townfttend, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Pitt; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Coast Counties: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

A Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury for the Body of the County of Suffolk, assembled at the A Sizes held at Bury St. Edmunds, on Thursday the a 8th Day of July 1748; and also,

' Vot, 2$.

A Petition of the justices. Grand Jury, Gentlemen, Suffolk Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants of the Body of the County of Suffolk, assembled at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held at Beccles, in and for the said County, on Monday the Third Day of October 1748; and also,

A Petition of the Justices, Grand Jury, Gentlemen,

Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Body of the County of Suffolk, assembled at the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held, by Adjournment, at Woodbridge, in and for the said County, on Wednesday the cth Day of October 1748; and also,

A Petition of the Justices, Grand Jury, Gentlemen,

Clergy, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Body of the County of Suffolk, assembed at the Quarter-Session of the Peace, held by Adjournment, at Ipswich, in and for the said County, on Friday the 7th Day of October 1748;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; fcve-rally letting forth. That the Inhabitants of Three-fourths of the County of Suffolk, have, for several Yean, suffered great Inconveniencies and Hardships, and have been put to extraordinary and unnecessary Expences, by reason of the Assizes being generally holden, at both Times of the Year, at Bury, in the said County: And that they are forced to travel from feme Places Sixty, from others Fifty, and Forty Miles, to attend their Duty, either as Justices of the Peace, or to serve on Grand and Petty Juries, or to try such Causes as happen to be ready for Trial, most of which arise in the Northern and Eastern Parts of the County, as being most populous, and where the Trade of the County is chiefly carried on 5 And that Ipswich, being the County Town, the only

Gaol for the Body of the County is at that Town, and from thence the Pri Goners are carried to the Assizes at Bury, at the great Expence and Hazard of the Sheriffs; and the greater of late Years, Iince the infamous Practice of Smuggling has lb much prevailed on that Coast, where large Gangs of Smugglers are too desperate for a common Guard to withstand, as did appear in a late particular Instance, where a Smuggler was, by open Violence, taken from the Sheriffs Officers, who were conducting him from Ipswich to Bury Assizes: And alleging,

That this is a Mischief which, it is conceived, will often happen, if the Prisoners must continue to be carried from Ipswich Gaol to the Town of Bury for Trial: And that Ipswich is the only large and convenient Town near the Center of the County for holding the Assizes: And that there are Two very large and commodious Courts for the Judges to try Caules Civil and Criminal: And that this is no new Thing which the Petitioners pray for, Iince One of the annusd Assizes has been holden at Ipswich, by the late Lord Chief Justice Holt, and, within these Four Years, by another of the present learned Judges: And that, although the Petitioners thus aik for what will be a very great Convenience to much the largest Part of the County, yet it is a Pleasure to them to be able to represent, that it will also be rather a Convenience, as they apprehend than an Inconvenience to the Judges, if the Summer Assizes should be directed to be holden annually at Ipswich, inasmuch as they would save some Miles in travelling from Cambridge directly to Norwich, and thence to Ipswich, in their Road to London: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for fixing the Summer Assizes at Ipswich for the future; or to provide such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Commissionu Reading of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, ers for An Act declaring the Authority of the Commissioners ap- *>nze c*uses' pointed by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, Appeals jn Causes of Prizes, be now read:

A»4

Committees.

Betlow

Parochial

Rates.

7 26

8° — 90 Februarii

A. 1748.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Papers, relating to Appeals in Causes of Prizes, this Day presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That all Committees be reviyed.

A Petition of Thomas Duke of Leeds, Lord of the Manor of Betlow, in the County of Hertford, Charles Gore Esquire, Lord of the Manor of 7in the said County of Hertford, and the Minister, Church-wardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Tring, for themselves, and on behalf of the rest of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner Thomas Duke of Leeds is seised of, or intitled to, the Manor or Lordship of Betlow, in the County of Hertford, and of divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the said Manor of great Part

of which Lands and Premises are, by the Land-owners, Landholders, and inhabitants of the Parish. of Tring, alleged to be situate in the said, Patilb of Tring, and the Residue thereof arc alleged, by the said Thomas Duke of feeds, to be extraparochial: And that several Controver-fies and f)ifpiites have arilen between the said Duke and the Church-wardens and Overseers^of the Poorand.other Parishioners of the Parish of Tfing, concerning what Part or Quantities of the said Lands_and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor or Lordship of Betlow, aforesaid, lie within the said Parish of Tring, and, in w.haJt Manner and Proportion fetch Part of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as lie in the said Parish of reputed

fS to be, ought to be rated and assessed: towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish :.An{lthat a Spit.was commenced in his Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, in the P^ame of Ch\iflo Gentleman, Plaintiff, against JahnJackfonGtnl\$vnaxi, Defendant, upon a feigned Issue, to try whether certain Farms and Lands, belonging to the said Thomas Dpke of Leeds, or any Part thereof, were or were not in the fai,d Parish of and the said Cause being at Ilfue, apd coming.on to be tried at the lati Assizes for the County of Buckingham, an Order was made by Consent of the Parties (which, was-afterwards made a Rule of the said Court of Common Pleas) directing, That aVerdift should be found for the Plaintiff, for Twelve Pence Damages, and that the Eftafe of the said Duke of Leeds should be taxed to the said Par.illi of Tring, At full Five Hundred Rounds per Annum, and no more or less; and that Application should jbe made to Parliament, in' the then nextSeltion, to ascertain the Boundaries of the Parish of 7 ring, in relation to the Estate jnQuestion, which

Boundaries were to comprise the whole of the said Estate, except Two Fields called Great and Little Whittle , and that the Parish, of Tring should contribute Sixty Pounds towards obtaining such Act, and join in Application to Parliament for that Purpose, as (liquid be thought necessary, and the Duke of Leeds was to defray, the rest of thtf Expence j and the Parish Rafesjhepin Arrear for the said Estate, were to be forthwith paid, according to the.Proportion above-mentioned, and a Provifioii was tot be made in such Act, That the said Estate should be charged to all parochial Rates, to the Parish, of at the Rite above-mentioned, in all future Times; and that all Actions and Suits, then depending, in relation to any such Rates, should cease and determine, without Costs on either Side, in respect ofthofe Spits: And therefore, for obviating, removing, and preventing all Suits and Con-, troverfies, concerning the Premiss for the future, pray-

ing the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brouglrt in for confirming the said Judgment of the Court of Common Pleas, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes therein before-mentioned, by suchWays and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referral to Lord Dupplin, Sir Lud, Grant,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Erejkine, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Carmichael, Mr.

John Gore. Mr. Neale, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. Bayntun,

Admiral Vernon, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Colleton, Mp. MitcheH,

Lord Parker, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bond, Mr. Whichcott, Mr.

Sydenham, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Thoruhagh,

Mr. Cadqgan, Mr. Charlton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. White, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sloper, Sir Danvers , Mr. Great-heed, Mr. Pawlett, Admiral Mitchell, Mr. Hay, Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Hartington, Mr. Winning ton, Mr.

Lord Harley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Do; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hertford, Bucks, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at plve of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. ' -

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, ThaL this House will, upon Monday Mbrn- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of'the whole sn<^ Mean*. House, to consider further of Ways and Means-for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,

Resolved, That this, House, will, upon, Monday Mornf Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the; whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to hj$

Majesty.

And theq the House a^journe^ tijl, Ta?morrmf Morning^ hline of the Clpqk|.

Joyis,' 90 die Hebrsuami \

Anno 22* Georgii III. Regis, 174£.

Prayers.

/~>EORQE William. Runner took the^Oaths appointed,

V. ip oijder to ha^-Nptyrali^ation.,

A Petit jefpof the principal Inhalritapt^and Landholders Southwark oftfie P^rilhes of St. John Southwark, Afyty .-Magdalen. Road from

Beffhondsey, apd Stf. Mary Roijier-hitji,i n;V t lie.County.©£ New-ftrm.

Surry, whose Names are, thereunto, fob&ibetfo wpa, pi»a fepted to the House, ancj read; fetrirjgTbf.tbj That :t bo Parjfli, of Rotherhith, extepdipgj nsak^Tjhjfce.. MWes/da.

Length on the South Side of the.-feiy^<'Z)jra*#ry is j dole, bpilt,. and full oLlol^ab^nis, confjfting prwijcipaUyiof Shipybuirders, ftppeT;nakers,.Ma{V'makers, Bfook-jawkcri^ SaiLmak^rs, Stup-Ch^pdlerp,p,refers* Butohet$w.Aticere^. ant| all ptfycr Trades nepeflaiyjq kqildjqg* rigging, viftn^ ailing, and, fitting and fetring<our S^s^and iVefliisit®

Sea, by which mpn^jtjisbeqpmgf Place of great Ttacfe. and Commerce, apd, jy.pu)q \>is mqch more so, iftbe.Inhabitants were not aimost precluded from any Cotumttnica» tion by Land with their Neighbours, by reason that the main Street, extending by the IPhones Side ,thewfiple , Length of the Parish, is fb nan^w»riutjTwo(C|i)f^g|fl , cahnof paf| one another, in any Part thereof Carpage. m many Places, without endangering the Lptpn or Limbs of Foot Passengers: That, although the utn]

Extent of thisParilhtto the EalLv^f-oipep^ithin TW^c Quarters of a Mile of Deptford Dock, there is ho Way for Carriages to pass thither, without goiqg^rfl backwards towards the Borough of Southwark, into' the llqad,

and paflirvg through the Tame above Three Miles, tb; the $£nd of Butt Lane, near Deptford Bridge, and 'the

turpp

22 Geo. II. 9° Fekniarii. 727

turning back again, through that Lane, near Three tioners dep&fturing thereon, are subject to rot; and that Quarters of a Mile more, to the Dockyard Gate, which also their other Cattle are not near so profitable as they is, in the whole, above Four Miles round about; and the would be, if the said Commons and Wastes were divided, Ways and Avenues, leading through and by Rotherhith inclosed, and improved: That the Petitioners, being in-Wali, in that PariOi, to the Borough of Southwark, arfc lo tilled, as above-mentioned, to Right of Common on the narrow, and consist of lb many short, intricate, and dan- said Commons and Wastes, and to the Profits thence eerous Turnings, that all Communication for Coaches, anting to them respectively, are defirou$ that all the said Carts, and other Carriages, that Way, by Land, is totally Commons and Wastes, within the said Manor and Parish interrupted: That there is a large Tract of open Land on of may be divided and inclosed; and that a

the back Part of, and adjoining to, the Buildings in the specifick Part or Share thereof may be assigned and allot-Parishes of RotherhithtnA Bermondsey, consisting principally ted to each Proprietor, in proportion and according to his of Meadows, Pasture Land, and common Gardeners respective Right and Interest therein; but that such Divi-Grounds, by opening through which, for the Space of (ion and Inclosure, although the same will be a manifest about a Mile from Ntw-jlreel, in the Parish of St. John, Advantage to all the Persons concerned, cannot be effec-to a House called the Halfpenny Hatch, leading to the tual without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore pray* main Road of Rotherhith, and from the Old Halfway-House, ing the House will be pleased to give Leave to bring in in the Parish of Rotherhith, to Deptford, a convenient a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Road might be made, which would be between Two and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Three Miles,'at the lcall, nearer from London Bridge to according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Rotherhith and Deptford, than the prefenc Way, and Colonel and Lieutenant-General Onslow, do

thereby a free Communication would be opened from all prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Parts of Rotherhith both to Deptford and the Borough of

Southwark -, by which means not only a very extraordinary The House being informed. That Mr. Home, from the Benefit and Advantage would accrue to the Landholders, Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Brewers, Farmers, Gardeners, and all other the Inhabitants Door;

and Landholders of the several Parishes before-mentioned. He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

but it would also be of great Utility to the East-hulia House, pursuant to the Direction of an Act of Parliament,

Warehouse at Rotherhith, and the Viifhialling-Otfice at the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital,

Deptford, and equally tend to promote useful Buildings of what Money hath been received from the -

and other improvements in tho'e Parts, whereby the Estate, between the 1747, and 30th

Trade and Commerce thereof would be greatly increased, November 1748, and of their Proceedings in carrying on'

and not the least Injury done to the Rights or Property the Building.

of any Person whatibever, in regard that full Satisfaction And then he withdrew.

is propnled to be made to all whose Rights may be And the Title of the said Report was read.

thereby affected: But, forasmuch as a Work of this The said Report is bound up with the other Papers

Nature cannot be attempted and accompli (bed without a of this'Seflfoh.

Provision being made, by a Toil or otherwise, to purchase Ordered, Thar the said Report do lie upon the Table,

of the several Proprietors a Passage through their Lands, to be perused by the Members of thfc House. and to make a sufficient and commodious Road, from and

to the Places before mentioned, and to koep the same in . , That Leave be given tobringina Bill for

constant and proper Repair for the future, all which cannot the "better Ordering of the Office' of Coroner: And that be cff.ded without the Aid of Parliament: Therefore Mr. Mr. MrJ

praying the House to take the Prenaifes into Consider- at)d Sir NathbnatfCurzon, do prepuie, and bring in, the ation; and to afford th^ Petitioners such Relief and fame.

Assistance therein as to the H->ulc shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con* The House being informed. That Mr. Mathews, sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine from the Commissioners of the Excise, attended at the the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall Door;

appear to them, to the House: He was called in;' and, at the Bar, presented to the

And it is referred to General Onslow, Mr. Cornewalli House, pursuant totbfcir Order, an Account of what Sums Sir Peter Thompfoit, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. the Dyty upon Leather; viz. Hides and Sk1ns, under

Gray, Mr. Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Vyner, Mr. the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, has pnro-

Maitland, Mr. Reynolds, Sisjohn Cust, Mr. Srnythe, Sir duced in the Yeai*s 1745, 1746, and 17^7, distiffguiming Charles M or daunt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyfier, Lord each Year.

Parker, Mr. Gavynn, Mr. Powney, Sir Tho. Rgyrton, Mr. And then he withdrew.

Winnington, Mr. Butler, Mr. Kent, Mr. Northey, Mr. And the Title of the said Account was read.

Banks, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr, Tracy; and all the Members , The said Acdduht is bbuhd up with tffe other

who serve for the Counties of Surry and £*x&;and.foF the* Papers of thik Seffiotu'-

City of London: And they are to meet tfris Afternoon Ordered, That the-laid Account do lie upon the Table,

at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: ‘And:; to be perused by the Members of the House.

have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records; 1 j

j -A Petition o{-/1in*hamTl2rtnx£GerfdorffyLewis 'R3?on WatBngtoa A Petition of John Davit, Lord of the Maa«f-joss Schratenbatch, Fret i^ord of David Ni/sch-

Inclosure. Watlington, in the County of Norfolk, Horatio Fawcct, matin, Syndic, Baroh of

Clerk, Re&orof the Parish-Church of IFatlingtem,a.nA and; Hatty Crpjart Ageril*, Deputies from thfc united the Right Honourable Anthony Viscount Montague, Sir Moravian Churches, in behalf of therriselves, and their Robert btown Baronet, Elizabeth Trafford, Thomas Vincent, united Brethren,'was prefdnted to the House, and read; Thomas Topper, Francis Crisp, John Carter, William setting forth.That many of the Moravian Brethren have Caret home, Thomas Edgar, Robert Watts, William Chad, already settled in liis Majesty's Dominions, in Bryan Reed, John WhifHer, and others, whose Names are and met with. Approbation: That they are numerous, and thereunto subscribed, having Right of Common on cer- beingpoflefledof SubstanCe, and industrious they desire no tain Commons and Wastes, lying and being within the pecuniary AIfiftSnce whatibever: That they should have Manor and Parish of Watlington aforesaid, was presented made much larger Settlements at their own Expence, if to the 1 louse, and read; setting forth. That greac Part of they had been earlier supported in those principal Points, the said Commons and Wastes, for want of proper Drains which wfculd baVe rendered the Undertakers a‘)le to carry and other Improvements, are frequently overflowed a?d their Plan into Execution; That they hope they shall be fuuharged with Water: And that the Sheep of the Peti- the-better ihtided to;beindulged with the Favour of the Voj* House,

Dcfwent* water Eftalt*

Office of

Coroner*.

1 Duty on Leather.

frj\J Settlenveot.o/ . Moravians in America.

728 9* FebmA. 1748.

House, finte they are an ancient Protestant Church, under Water, which he attributed to the Defects in the known, countenanced, and relieved in their perplexed Banks made to carry off the Waters and Land Floods; Circumstances, by the Kings and State of England: That That the Outfall made to convey the said Waters to the they are a quiet-minded People, whose essential Point is, Sea is much impaired, for want of sufficient Banks, to pofiels Liberty of Confidence without Restraint: That, although this Year it is better than formerly: That for this Purpose, they hope, that those of them, who con- from these Two Causes, he laid, the Value of the Peti-fcientiouily scruple the Taking of an Oath, may in all tioners Lands are of late greatly reduced; but that they Civil Cafes be exempted from so doing; and that, instead might, by proper Banks and Drains, be improved so as thereof, their Affirmation may be accepted: That their to raise their Value to double, if not treble, the Amount bearing Arms as Militia, or otherwise, in America, may of what the same are worth at present. be dispensed with; and that they may, with regard there- Mr. Thomas Moore said, That he is not acquainted with to, be put on such a Footing as is suitable to their Con- the Bounds of the Lands described in the Petition, though science; being willing to make such Compensation, in lieu he has a general Knowledge of that Part of the Country; thereof, as shall be thought reasonable: And that whereas That he conceives it to be impracticable to drain Fen the Rulers of these Brethren are unacquainted with the Lands without erecting Mills, and making Banks; and Laws of England, being Foreigners, they are in Hopes the that, from the Decay of the Outfall which conveys the Goodnels of the House will provide for their People, in Land-Waters to the Sea, the Water of the Bedford River such a manner as may render their Condition in America is higher than the Surface of the Lands, which makes it at least as quiet and peaceable as in the Places where they necessary to imbank the said River, and the several Drains now reside; and the rather, as the House, by granting which convey Water into it.

them proper and solid Encouragements, will furnish the A Member of the House, who was present, informed afore-mentioned Deputies with the strongest Argument the Committee, That, from the Knowledge he had of the to induce the most useful of their People to go over to Condition of the Lands mentioned in the Petition, he America, in order to enjoy the real Happiness of a Con- believed that all the Evidence which the above Witnesses stitution distinguished from all others in being formed had given was true.

by Law, and above being shaken by Will: And therefore Ordered, That Mr. Torke have Leave to make a Mo-praying, That the House will take the Premises into Con- tion, it being after Two of the Clock: sideration; and grant the Petitioners such Relief therein And he moved the House accordingly:

as the House shall think meet. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- draining and improving certain Fen Lands lying in sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine Denver, Upwell, and fVelney, within the Isle of

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall ap- Efy, County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk: pear to them, to the House: And that'Mr. Torke and the Lord do prepare.

And it is referred to General Oglethorpe, Sir Wm. Tonge, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Barbor, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Sandys

Colonel Cornwallis, Lord Parker, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Ordered, That Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Colleton, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Bankes, Sir John Motion:

Turner, Mr. Torke, General Onslow, Mr. Mitchell, Sir And he moved the House accordingly: And presented Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Thornton, Lord Hartington, Mr. to the' House,

Hay, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Comewall, Sir John Cud, Mr. A Petition of Thomas Bishop of London: And the

Gybbon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. Brereton, Mr. said Petition was read: setting forth, That the House Prowse, Mr. . Morgan, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Maitland, in Aldersgate-street, known by the Name of -

Mr. Northey; and all the Merchants of the House: And House, was purchased after the Restoration of Charles the 1 they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in Second (the old Palace in Paul's Church-yard having been the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for demolished in troublesome Times) and is now the Palace Persons, Papers, and Records. of the Bishop of London; and that the said' House has

proved to be so inconvenient to, the Bishops of London, Commission- The House, according to Order, refblved itself into a and so incommodious m many fefpefts, that no Bishop ers for Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrafted Bill, has lived there for many Years last past; but the said

Pme Causes. from tj,e LordSj intituled, An Act declaring the Autho- House has been lett out for Shops and Warehouses, and

rity of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, under is rendered unfit for the Habitation of a Bishop of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for receiving, hearing,; and to make it fit, will require an Expence more

and determining. Appeals in Causes of Prizes. than equal to the present Value of the House; and the

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. House, in its present State, is going to Decay daily, and

Sir William Tonge took the Chair of the Committee. mull soon be in a ruinous Condition: And therefore Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to

Sir William Tonge reported from the Committee, That enable him, and his Successors, to grant a Lease or Leases they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to of the said House, not exceeding Forty Years, under report the same to the House, without any Amendment: such Conditions as other Leasehold Hoofej, belonging to

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table. . the said Bishop, are or ought to be granted; and, m case . 1 the House, and Ground thereunto belonging, can be lett

Denver, &«. Mr. Torke reported from the Committee, to whom the for building Houses, to enable the said Bishop, and his mmgp. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are there- Successors, to grant a Building Lease or Leases, not ex-unto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands ceeding- Years, and under, such Conditions as

lying in Denver, in Upwell, in Outwell, and Welney, in shall be thought proper in the Opinion of such Persons the Isle of Ely, County of Cambridge, and County of as shall be named in the Bill; or, if the said CommilEon-Norfolk respectively, was referred. That the Committee ers shall judge it more adyifable to fell the said House, had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had and Ground thereunto belonging, absolutely, in such directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them. Cafe, to enable the Bishop, or his Successors, with their to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and Approbation and Consent, to sell the same, and apply the afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where Money, arising from the Sale thereof, to such Purposes, the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.for the Benefit of the Bishoprick, as they the said Coml-In Support of what is alleged in the Petition, the missioners shall appoint.

following Evidence was given: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

The Reverend Mr. Thomas Neale said. That he knows suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the the Lands described in the Petition: That they are liable Lord Dupplin and Mr. Lyttlfton do prepare, and bring to be overflowed, and were last Year Three or Four Foot in, the fame.

14

Sale of

London

House.

Radcliflfe'i

Forfeited

Estate.'.

22 Geo. II. 90 Februar* 729

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the Houtc,

A Petition of James Bartholomew commonly

called Lord Kenaird, eldeli Son of Char lei Radcliffe Esquire, decaled, by the Right Honourable Charlotte Counted of Neivbrugk, and of the said Charlotte Countess of Nevobrugh, for and on behalf of James Clement Radcliffe her youngest Son, and Charlotte,

bara Radcliffe, and Mary Radcliffe, her Daughters by the said Charles Radcliffe: And the said Petition was read; letting forth, That the said Charles Radcliffe was, in the Year 1716, when he was but Nineteen Years of Age, attainted of High Trcalonj and James then Earl of Derwent wain, his clued Brother, was at the same time also attainted of Treason.and was f x>n after executed for the lame; and the Cud Charles Radcliffe was, on the Sth Day o( December 1746, executed for the Treason committed by him, as aforesaid: And that by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated 23d and 24th of 1.712, and made upon thp Marriage of the said James late Earl of Derwentzvater, several Manors, Lord ships, Lands,

and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Northumberland and Cumberland, and in the County Palatine of Durham, ot great yearly Value, were settled to the Use of the said then Earl, for his Life; with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders; Remainder, subject to a Perm of Years for the railing Portions for the said Eari's \ounger Children, to the First and other Sons of the said Earl lucceflively, in Tail Male; with Remainder (after oilier Estates since determined, and subject to another Term for the railing Portions for the said Earl's Daughters, in Default of lli'ue Male) to the said Charles Radehffe, for Life; with Remainder to Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe, successively, in Tail Mail, with Revet lion to the said Earl, in Fee: And that by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for appointing Commissioners to inquire of the Estates of certain Traitors, and for other Purposes, all the Manors and Landr, whereunto any attainted Persons, on the 24th of June 1715, or afterwards, were intitled, were

declared to be forfeited to, and were thereby veiled in, his then Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, lor the Use of the Publick, according to the several and respective Estates and Interests which the attainted Persons had therein: And afterwards by an-thei Ad, made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his laid iate Majesty, for veiling the forfeited Estates in Great Britain and in Trustees, to

be fold, for the L !e of the Publick, and for other ru«-poses, the same Lands were veiled in certain Trustees, and their Heirs, according to the Estates and Interests veiled in his Majesty, to the end the same might be by them fold and di!poled of for the Ul'es therein expressed; and all Persons having any Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trull, Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, in, to, or on the Premises, were directed to make their Claims, before the Commissioners thereby appointed, in the Manner therein mentioned, otheiwiic their laid Rights and Interests were to be null and void: And that, in pursuance of the said Acts, One or more Claims were, on or about the 23d December 1718, exhibited before the said Commissioners by Mr. Joint Radcliffe, eldest Son of the said late Earl, to the said Manois, Lands, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Settlement of 1712, and to certain other Lands and Hereditaments in the said Counties of Cumberland and Jsorthsutiberland, compr;fed in a Settle-

ment dated the 24th of Marti 1691, made by' Francis then Earl of Derivetti water; and tire same were allowed;

and the said John Radcliffe entered upon the Premises comprised in the said Two Settlements, and enjoyed the same to his Death, which happened on the 3 ill Day of December *731: And that by an Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, to continue the Duties for Encouragement of the VcL. If,

Coining of Monies, and other Purposes, such and so many of the said forfeited Estates, as had, by the former Act, been vested in the said Trustees, as aforesaid, and should remain unfold after the 29th of March 17 23, were divested out of the said Commissioners, and revelled in his said Majesty, his Heirs and Succc-flbrs; and that, after the Death of the said John Radcliffe, his present Majesty, in Right of the said Charles Radcliffe, who then stood attainted, entered into Possession of the Premises comprised in the said Settlements of 1691 and 1712, and had a Right, by virtue of the aforesaid Arts, to enjoy the fame, according to such Estate and Interest as the said Charles Radihjfe, if he had not been attainted, would have had therein, which (as to the Premises comprised in the said Settlement of 1712) was but an Estate for Life: And his said Majesty was also, by virtue of the said Acts, intitled to the ReverGon in Fee of the said last mentioned Premises, to take Effect on the Failure of I flue Male of the First and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe; and that several Sales and Conveyances having, in the Lifetime of the &\6John Radcliffe, been made, by the Commissioners appointed by the said Acts of Parliament, of the reversionary Interest veiled (as to all the said Estates) in his Majesty, and the said Sales and Conveyances 1 laving, upon a Parliamentary Inquiry, been found to be fraudulent and void, the same were thereupon set aside by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fifth Year of his present Majesty, for making void the several Contracts for Sale of the said Estates, and for other Purposes: And Ibme time afterwards, by another Act: of Parliament, made in the 8th Year of his present Majesty, for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the said Attainders, the Rents and Profits of the said several Estates, so comprised in the said Settlements of 1691 and 1712, as aforesaid, to grow due and payable during his Majesty's Estate and Interest, were directed to be applied for and t>wardsfini(hing the Building of Greenwich Hospital; a'd, alter the Building thereof should be completed, for and towards the Support of the said Hospital, for the better Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital^ but therein there is a Saving to his Majesty of all his other Rights; and that the aforesaid Rents were accordingly applied for and towards the Support and Maintenance of the said Hospital, to the Time of the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe: And that the Petitioner the Lord Kenaird being advisec^ that his Majesty's Estate and Interest under the said Acts did (as to the Estate comprised hi the said Settlement of 1712) determine on the said Charles Radcliffe' % Death, did well hope that the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital would have admitted the said Petitioner to bg intitled to the Possession of the said Estate lo comprised in the said Settlement of 1712, under the Limitations contained in the fame; but the said Petitioner finds, that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital do not look, upon his Majesty's Estate and Interest in the said last mentioned Pre-miles under the aforesaid Acts as being determined ;,but do consider the Petitioner's Right, Title, and Interest, under the said Settlement of 1712, to be null and void, inasmuch as neither the Trustees for preserving the contingent Remainders under the same Settlement, nor any other Person for or on the behalf of the First and other Sons of the said Charles Radcliffe, had made any Claim before the Commissioners appointed, by the said Act of the First of his said Majesty King George the First, for the determining the said Claims, as aforesaid; and as the said Petitioner was born within the Dominions of the French King in the Year 1725, he also finds, that it may be objected to bim, that he is to be considered as an Alien, and to be excluded from all Right and Title to the said (aft-mentioned Premises, notwithstanding he was born o" natnra -'oorn Parents; for that by an Act, of the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, P° explain a Clause in an Act made in the Seventh Year of the ‘Reign of her late Majesty Queen Aftjsjjrovided.Thit no

Children, born abroad, of attainted FJerions, shall nave the Benefit of the Statutes made in the 7th and 10th Years of

t ' her

Ratfcliffe't

Forfeited

Estate*.

73O 9 Februarit . 1748.

her late Majesty Queen Anne, for the Naturalizing of Children born abroad of natural-born Subjects; but that all such Children shall be in the same State, Plight, and Condition, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as they would have been in if the said Act of the 7th Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, or the said Act of the Fourth Year of his present Majesty, had never been made; and that if the Petitioner the Lord Kenaird should be found to be an Alien under the last-,mentioned Act, it could not be of any Avail to him to litigate the said Question touching the Necessity there was, under the said Act of the ift of his late Majesty, to enter a Claim in behalf of an unborn Person; and as the said Petitioner is utterly unable to bear the Expence of such Litigation, he therefore submits to the Consideration of the House, whether, by the exprefe Limitations of the said Settlement of the 24th of 1712, an Estate in Tail Male, in the Premises therein comprised, expectant on the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, did not actually veil, on the Petitioner's Birth, in the said Petitioner, as First Son of the Body of the said Charles Radcliffe; and whether the Petitioner is not capable of taking such Estate, be he to be considered as an Alien, or not; for though it doth not appear, that any actual Claim was exhibited before the said Commissioners, in behalf of the said Petitioner, yet he is advised, that the Exhibiting of such Claim was neither from the Intent nor the Words of the said Acts necessary in the same of the Petitioner, since it could not be the Intent of the said Acts to make it necessary to enter any Claim in respect of an Interest which could not affect the Premises till after the Interest of the Crown was expired; and a contrary Construction of the said Act would introduce a Multitude of Inconveniencies; neither could it be within the Duty or Office of Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders, to make any such Claim: And as the said Petitioner was not born till long after the passing the aforesaid Acts, nor till long after the Time for making the aforesaid Claims was expired, the said Petitioner conceives he could not be within the Words of the said Acts, touching the said Claims, which are directed to, and do only respect, Persons having any Right or Interest at that time; and it would be a great Hardship to extend them to the said Petitioner, or any other unborn Person not then in being; and as there was a Claim exhibited by the said John Radcliffe, your Petitioner's Cousin-german, and as that Claim was allowed, the Petitioner is advised, that That did reveft the Estate comprised in the said Settlement of 17 ra to the Ufesex-pressed in the said last mentioned Settlement, with such Remainders as are therein expressed: And as to the Petitioner the Lord Kenaird being to be considered as an Alien under the Statute of the Fourth of his present Majesty, by reason of his being born out of the Dominions of his Majesty, the Petitioner begs Leave to represent, That, if the same rested solely on that Point, the Interest of the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, as to the Estate comprised in the said Settlement of 1712, would be as much at an End as if the Petitioner could be deemed a natural-born Subject; for the Right, Title, and Interest, of his Majesty, under the Acts of Parliament before-mentioned, as to the Premises comprised in the said Settlement of 1712, would be thenabfolutely determined, andanew Right to the said last mentioned Premises would accrue to his Majesty, by virtue of his Prerogative Royal, fb (bon as an Inquisition should be taken, finding the Petitioner to be an Alien; for though it be true, that an Alien is incapable of holding an Estate against the Crown, yet the Petitioner is advised, that nothing is more clear than that he has a Capacity to take for the Benefit of the Crown; but the said Petitioner submits it to the Consideration of the House, whether his same will not be found to be extremely h^rd, if he is to be deemed an Alien under the doubtful Words of the said Act of the 4th of his present Majesty, which leave all Persons born of attained Parents out of his Majesty's Dominions, in the same Plight they would have been in if the Statute of the 7th of Queen Ann/t had not been made; and if he is to

be deemed an Alien under those Words, then he will be excluded, by" a Law made Five Years after his Birth, from a Right which attached and became vested in him the very Moment he was born; which Right, without any Day given him to appear in, he will be made to forfeit in the Age of Innocence, when he could not pof-sibly give any Offence; and during his Absence, when no Friend could be applied to, to interpose in his behalf: And the said Petitioner hopes he may be permitted to observe to the House, That the said Countess of his Mother, in resolving to be brought to-bed in a foreign Country (which was then in Peace with the Crown of Great Britain) was determined therein by an Act of Parliament then in Force (which was the aforesaid Act of the 7th of her late Majesty Queen Anne) whereby the Children of all natural-born Subjects whatsoever were naturalized without any Exception: Upon the Faith of which Act (he absolutely depended, otherwise it would have been very ealy for her to have been brought to-bed of the Petitioner in Englandin which same (supposing the said Acts did not require any Claim to be entered on the Petitioner's Behalf) his Right to the Estate comprised in the said Settlement of 1712 would have been equally clear with that of the said John Radcliffe, his Cousin-german, who actually enjoyed that Estate under the same Settlement as that upon which the Title of the Petitioner is now founded: And that although the Petitioner the Lord Kenaird is the lineal Descendant of Two very noble and ancient Families, yet, by the Attainder of his Father, he is now deprived of all kind of Subsistence but what the Petitioner the Countess of Ne can afford him, out of a Joinjure settled on her by a former Husband; and, as that Jointure will determine with her Life, the said Petitioner must inevitably, on her Death, be brought to the greatest Extremities, unlefe the Legislature will be pleifed to consider him as a proper Object of Compassion; and the Petitioner, and the Countess of Newbrugh' % other Children, the said James Clement Charlotte Rad-

cliffe, Barbara Radcliffe, and Mary Radcliffe, will be destitute of all manner of Provision after the Death of the said Countess; and that the Petitioner the Countess of Newbrugh, although (he has but a moderate annual Income for her Life from the Estate of her First Husband, by whom (he hath also Children, doth not presume to make any Application to his Majesty, or to the House, on her own behalf, notwithstanding the many Examples there have been of Favour and Compassion shewn to the Widows of attainted Persons, and notwithstanding the great Debt (he hath incurred in the Support of her unhappy Family during her many great and heavy Misfortunes; (he therefore confines herself jo the imploring the Favour and Compassion of his Majesty, and the House, to her Son the said Lord Kenaird, and her other Children, on whose Behalf (he has now petitioned: And (he begs Leave to add, That if Heaven shall be pleased to inspire his Majesty, and the Legislature, so far to forgive the Offences that have been committed against his Majesty, as to grant to her said Children, out of the said Estate, such a Provision as may effectually support them, (he shall think herself bound to receive it with the utmost Gratitude, and as the greatest Act of Bounty and Compassion to herself; and the Petitioners do hope the said Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital (who, as the Petitioners are informed, are now, under the said Forfeiture, in Possession of the said Estates, as well those comprised in the said Settlement of 1712, as those comprised in the said Settlement of 1691) will not oppose the same: And therefore praying the House, in consideration of the Angular Hardffiips of this Cafe, and in re-

fard of the great yearly Value of the said several forfeited iftates, to take such Methods for the Relief of the Petitioners as the House shall think fit: And the said Petitioner the Lord Kenaird doth beg Leave so add, That in case it shall be thought in any-wile necessary or expedient so to do, the said Petitioner will be ready and willing to perform all such Matters and Things as shall b; required of him, for the extinguiftiingall Right and Title which he,

or

Geo. II. 9* Februarif. 731

or his Miie Male, hath or can have to the Estate and That the Petitioner, being Tenant in Tail Male and Premises comprised in the said Settlement of 1712, and Tail General of the Manors of Spalding and HolbeacA, for the veiling the absolute Fee-simple and Inheritance with the Rents of Assize, Rights, Members, Heredita-thereof in his Majesty, his Hein and Successors forever, ments, and Appurtenances, thereunto belonging, in the or in the said Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich County of Lincoln, and of an Acre of Ground, or there-Hospital, and their Successors for ever, or otherwise as about*, with the Erections and Buildings thereon, near the to the House shall seem meet. Mews, in the Parish of St. Martin in the , in the

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's County of Middlesex, by virtue of certain Letters Patent, Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, bearing Date the a8th Day of in the 36th Year of

havi ig been informed of the Subject-matterof the said Pe- the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the ad, did tition, had directed him to acquaint the House, That his mortgage the same by Indentures of Lease and Release, Majesty recommends the same to the Consideration of the and by Fines and Recoveries for that Purpose levied and H >use; and that his Majesty gives his Consent, that the fuflered, unto Alexander of the Parish of St. Mar-

House may grant such Relief to the Petitioners as shall garet, H'estminster, in the said County of,

be found to be confident with the just Rights of Green- Esquire, for£. 46,000; and did afterwards, in considera-wich Hospital, and as the House shall judge proper. tion of the further Sum of £.4,000, agree to convey the Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Equity of Redemption thereof to him, and his Heirs;

and the Petitioner did accordingly execute Deeds of Con-Ordered, That the Lord Trent ham have Leave to make vcyance to him for that Purpose: And that aDoubtarifing a Motion: upon the Petitioner's being capable of making an effectual

Westminster And he moved the House accordingly: And offered to Conveyance of the Premisestobimand hisHeirs, according present to the House, a Petition of the Commissioners to such Agreement, it was found, upon examining the for building a Bridge at ffeJlminster: Petitioner's Title, that the Reversion in Fee, expedant

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's on the said Entails, was in the Crown; and that the Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, Petitioner could not make a Title to the Fee-simple and having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti- Inheritance thereof without his Majesty's Content that tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House: an Act be passed in Parliament for diverting the Crown Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set- of such Reversion: That his Majesty, having been humbly ting forth, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of applied to for that Purposo, has been graciously pleafod Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, to give Orders for signifying his Consent to such Bill: con ft itu ted, appointed, and continued, Commissioners for And therefore praying. That Leave may be given fora buildinga Bridge crols the River Thames, from the Wool- Bill to be brought into the House for diverting the

ftaple, or thereabouts, in the City of Westminster, to the Crown of the Reversion of the said Premises, and vesting opposite Shore, in the County of Surry, and for main* the same in some Person or Persons who may be barred taining, prelcrving, and supporting, the same when built; thereof, to the end the Petitioner may make good his and are also impowered todcsign, assign, and layout, such Agreement with the said Alexander Wilfou.

Ways, Stieets, and Passages, as they shall think proper Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's to be opened and made on each Side the River Thames, Command^ acquainted the House, That his Majesty, leading to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Juf*. having been informed of the Contents of the said tice, both Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adja- Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's In-cent; and to agree for and purchase such Houses and terelt is concerned, that the House may do therein as Ground, within certain Limits by the said Acts prescribed, they think fit.

as they shall think proper for them to be possessed of: Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-

That the Petitioners have purchased several Houses and suant to the Prayer of -the said Petition: And that Mr. Grounds for opening, widening, and rendering conve- Charles Erskine, Lieutenant-General Campbell, Sir Wil-nient, the said Ways, Streets, and Passages; and have Ham , Mr. Sollicitor-General, and Mr. Faxackerley, likewise proceeded with the utmost Care and Precaution do prepare, and bring in, the fame, in building the said Bridge; and have made such confi-

derable Progress in the Work, that the same was almost Ordered, That Mr. Tracy have Leave to make a completed and built; but that, just at the time when the Motion:

said Bridge was near finished, and made passable, One of And he moved the House accordingly: And, offering the Piers thereof, by some unforeseen and unknown Acci* to present to the Houfo,

dent, funk lb considerably, that the Petitioners find them- A Representation and Petition of the Tru(lees for selves under an indispensable Necessity to repair the Da- establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; mage sustained by the sinking thereof: That the Petition- Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's ershaveadted with the greatest Care and Frugality inlay- Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, ing out and expending the Monies already granted for and having been informed of the Contents of the said Re-towards discharging tire several Trulls reposed in them; presentation and Petition, recommends the lauie to the notwithstanding which, they find, that the necessary Ex* Consideration of the Houfo:

pences of ftnishing the Bridge, and discharging the fove- Then the said Representation and Pelirionwas brought ral Trulls reposed in the Petitioners, will amount to a up, and read; setting forth, That, out of Regard to the greater Sum than is now in their Hands; therefore are Exigencies of the rublick, they have refrained from under a Necelftty of applying to the House for such fur- making any Applications for a Supply for these Three last ther Sums of Money as the House shall judge proper. Years, but have contented themselves with being able to that a Work so useful and advantageous to the Publick maintain the Civil Government of the Colony; which nay not be (lopped for want thereof: And therefore pray- they are not able to do for the time to come, without the ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, further Assistance of this Houfo: That the Inconvenien-and grant them such further Sums of Money as to the cies attending the War have prevented the Inhabitants of House shall leem meet. % the Colony (which is the Southern Frontier of his Ma-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, jesty's Dominions in North,) from being in a

Condition to support the Civil Government themselves: Ordered, That Mr. Charles Erskine have Leave to make That, notwithstanding these Disadvantages, the Trustees a Motion: have been attentive to the making such Improvements in

And be moved the Houfo accordingly: And prefonted the Colony, as may give a reasonable Expectation of such to the House, Returns as will very fully compensate the Expences the

Duke of A Petition of the most Noble Francis Duke of Bar- Nation has and may beat for its Establishment; and the Boccleuch's cleuch; And the said Petition was read; setting forth, Trustees are able and ready to give sufficient Testiraony Vox.. 15. of

Colony of Georgia-

73a 9 0 Februarii.A. 1748.

of One Produce of Angular Use to this Kingdom, which is that of Silk, both as to the Increase of it within these Three Years, and the Goodness of the Commodity: That ' his Majesty, having ordered the Regiment of Foot in Georgia to be disbanded, has been graciously pleased to order the Sum of £.5 to be given to each Man so disbanded, who shall make it his Option to (lay and cultivate Lands in the Colony, which may save an Expence in bringing them over to England, and prevent their being burthensome at homej and that the Trustees (to promote his Majesty's gracious Intentions as far as lies in their Power) have sent Orders to put such of the said disbanded Men in immediate Possession of Fifty Acres of Land, and for providing Subsistence for a Year for them and their Families, in Confidence that they shall be enabled thereto by this House: And that his Majesty having like-wife been graciously pleased to order Detachments of Soldiers from Three Independent Companies (which are to be Rationed in South Carolina) to be Rationed in Thfee several Places in Georgia, to preserve the Possession thereof, it has been signified to the Trustees, that it might be proper for them to procure Provisions for the said Detachments; which they are willing to undertake, if enabled by this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and do therein as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tab!e#

Colony of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House,

Georgia, shewing how the Money granted in the Year 1746, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establish-

ing the said Colony.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Erskine have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Argyll A Petition of the principal Heretors and Freeholders C-nty Rate of jjle Shire of Argyll, on behalf of themselves, and the o a nation. otjjer f|ere(ors and Freeholders of the said Shire: And the said Petition was read; setting forth. That in order to the equal approportioning the Land Tax, and the railing and levying the same more effeflullly within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; certain Quotas have, Time immemorial, been fixed and established, both by Laws and Acts of Parliament, and constant uninterrupted Custom, to be paid out of each County; and, whether the Subsidy was higher or lower, the established Proportion has always been observed: And to the end that the Quota put upon each Shire may be raised with Equality out of each Here-for's Land, according to the Value of the fame, Commissioners have from time to time been appointed before the Union, (ometimes by the Privy Council of,

in consequence of a Remit from Parliament, and, in other Instances, directly by the Parliament itself, in order, from proper Evidence, to establish a certain Value upon the Lands, which is called a Valuation, to be a Rule by which the Land Tax, and other public Burthens, were severally to be raised and levied from the same; and by this Method all arbitrary Proceedings in the Commissioners, in making the Land Tax effectual, have in a great measure been prevented: That the Valuations within the several Shires serve not only for a Rule for levying and railing the Cess with Equality, but also are a Measure for determining the Qualification of a Freeholder, to enable him to vote in an Elefrion of a Member to serve in Parliament, as appears by the 21st Act, 3d Par. Cha. II. Anno i 681: That, further, the several Valuations serve as a Rule for determining the Extent of the Casualties payable to the Crown, as also to other Superiors; and is become ft ill more necessary since the late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking away the Tenure of Wardholding in Scotland, and for converting the same into Blench and Free Holdings; and for regulating the Casualty of Non-entry in certain Causes, tec. which passed into a Law in the last Session of the last Parliament, whereby, inter alia, it is

statuted, in orfter to ascertain the Quantum of the Nonentry Duty* That, from and after the 25th Day of March 1748, in all Services upon the Brieve of Mortanceftry of any Heir or Heirs in the Lands and Heretages therein referred to, the Retour, over and above the setting furth the old and new Extent of the Lands, in such manner as hath been heretofore practised, shall further set furth and express the Valuation of such Lands and Heretages: That there is not now extant any old Valuation of the united County of Argyll and Tar bat; nor indeed any, excepting One, which was made and finished in Anno 1688, immediately before the late happy Resolution, under the Direction and Management of Officers appointed by the Crown in these Times, which were iniquitous, and when that County was obnoxious to the r Government, which was unequal, neverfubmitted to, and so notoriously wrong and unjust, that immediately after the happy Resolution, by the Act imposing the Land Tax, in Anno 1690, being the 6th Act of the 2d Self. Par. ift. King William and Queen Mary, it is provided, That the Shire of Argyll (hbuld pay their Share of the Supply then imposed, and in Time coming, until there be a new y Valuation, according as the said Shire did pay before the Year 1684; providing alwife. That the Quotas of the respective Shires be continued and do remain without any Alteration: That since the said Statute there never has been any new Valuation of the said united Shire: That Commissioners appointed by Parliament have had Powers committed to them, to rectify Valuations' already made but no Power to re-value, which, before the Union of the Two Kingdoms, in the Cafes where Re-valuations were necessary, proceeded by Authority from Parliament, upon Application made for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take their same into their Consideration; and give such Relief therein as the Circumstances require, and they shall judge meet.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Charles Erskine, Lieutenant-General Campbell, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Lord and Sir Duncan

Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of several Merchants of London, American Planters, and others,-interested in, or trading to, Africa, and the Britifft Colonies and Plantations in America: Arid the said Petition was read; setting forth, That, from the present Situation and precarious State of the British Forts and Settlements in Africa, they mull infallibly be deserted, or fall into the Hands of other Nations, without feme speedy Assistance from Parliament; in consequence of which, the most valuable Branches of the African Trade will be loft to this Nation, as the Gum Trade has been, by the French having made a Settlement at Senegal, and thereby claimed an exclusive Right to that Trade: That almost all the British Forts and Settlements in Africa are situate on the Gold Coast, Whyddah, and Gambia, in the Neighbourhood of as many more Forts and Settlements of the Rivals of Great Britain, and where only are to be purchased the moll valuable Negroes, and such as are absolutely necessary for the hard Labour and Subsistence of Sugar Plantations, befules Gold, Gum, Dyeing Wood, Ivory, and many other valuable and useful Commodities, which are taken in Exchange for British Manufactures, and returned to Great Britain: That from hence the Petitioners conceive, that this Trade cannot be lup* ported without maintaining the said Forts and Settlements, in such manner as shall be found most effectual to secure the Rights and Trade of the British Nation, against the 20 Competition,

African

Company.

-by

2 2 Geo. II. Februar 733

Competition, Arts, and Encroachments, of all their Rivals in that Fart of the World, and to maintain the Honour and Dignity of the British Name amongst the Kings, Princes, Towns, and Traders, in those distant, populous, and exteofive Countries: And as this is a Matter of a publick and national Concern, the Petitiooers therefore pray the House to take the Premises into their most serious Con side ration, and to take such Methods as they shall judge most proper and effectual for the preserving, extending, and prbtefting, this most valuable Branch of the British Trade and Commerce.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Sir John Temur have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Orae A Petition of the Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Natation. Ships, Lighters, and Vessels, and others concerned in the Trade and Navigation of the Town and Port of King's Lynn. and upon the River called the Great in the County of Norfolk: And the said Petition was read; setting forth, That the kveral navigable Rivers that serve the Counties of Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton, fall into the (hid River Ouze, which runs to the said Port, through or by the Side of the Marshes and Grounds lying in Stow, Bardo/f, WalUnglon, with Thorpe Lane, R/oiffonHolme, Watlington, shall St. Mary Magdalen, St. Peters, Wig-

genhall St. German's, Wiggenhall St. Mary's, Clench Wliar ion, Wffi Lynn St. Peter's, in the said County of Norfolk, and Kings Lynn aforesaid: That the Owners of lands lying within those Places are bound to repair and maintain the Banks of the said River; and that the Tide and Current of the said River having of late Years been of greate* Force and Rapidity than formerly, the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, and upon the said River, much imriafed, and the Size of the Lighters and Vessels used therein enlarged, it l.as been found absolutely necessary, for many Years lad pad, to hale the said Lighters or Vessels with 1 lories going on the said Banks; and that such Haling with Horses (without which the Navigation upon the said River cannot be carried on) is a Prejudice to the said Land-owners as it wears down and damnifies the said Banks, on wlu«.h Aicount many Disputes have arisen between them and the Petitioners: And therefore praying the House to give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for preferring and promoting the Trade and Navigation of the said River, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen navigating thereon to bale with Horses on the Banks thereof; and for making and providing a proper and reasonable Recompense and Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks, by such Ways and Means, and in fuel) Manner, as to the House shall leeni meet and expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Turner, Mr. Erskine, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cornewall, Lord , Mr. Sydenham, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Mr. Southwell, Mr. Bridgeman, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. shend, Mr. Gore, Mr. , Mr. Hay, General

Campbell, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Baton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Winning ton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk,

Huntingdon, Bedford, and Northampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

St. Leonard Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson have Leave to make

Shoreditch a Motion:

Street*. And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of VOL. 2 5.

the Poor, Constables, and other the principal Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And the said Petition was read; setting forth.

That the enlightening the Streets, Square6, Lanes, Courts,-and other open Passages, and keeping a sufficient and well-regulated Watch in the Night-time, within the great and populous Parish aforesaid, will in a great degree tend to the Security of the Lives and Properties of all Persons inhabiting in, or resorting to, the said Parish: That by the Laws now in being (as the Petitioners conceive) no effectual Provision is made for enlightening the said Streets, and other Places, or for the establishing, maintaining, and governing, a Nightly Watch: And the Petitionees further represent to the House, That several Parts of the Roods within the Parish aforesaid, by reason of the great Number of Carriages frequenting, and passing on, the fame, are, in the Winter Season, so very ruinous and bad, that Coaches, and other Carriages, cannot pals with Safety, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, and kept in Repair, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose 1 and that if the said Inhabitants were enabled more effectually to deanfe the said Streets, and other Places, it would be of publick Advantage to the said Parish: And therefore praying the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Her. Walpole, Sir Wm.

Tonge, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr.

Gil dart, Mr. Owen, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Townflmd, Admiral Vernon; and all the Members who serve for the City of London and Counties of Middlesex, Essex, and Hertford:And th$y are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Metcalfe, Kilburn General Onslow, Mr. Wiifon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. - Undee ham. Sir Nat. Curzon, Sir John Elwell, Lord Baltimore,

Sir Pet. Thompson, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr. Hardinge, Sir Ken. Clayton, Lord Harley, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Pyt, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. tre, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament,

One passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Hern, in the County of Hertford, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Erskine have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of Robert Lang, and Partners, Merchants Carrying in Glasgow: And the said Petition was read; setting Salt to forth. That on the Western Coast of Scotland (the most G1"80*-populous Part of that Kingdom) great Quantities of Salt are used in the Herring and other Fisheries, as well as for Home Consumption; which Salt being atpresent clandestinely run in from Ireland, to avoid paying the Duty; r and the fame, by reason of its Mixture with Rock-Salt, being not only preferable in Quality to what is made in Scotland at the Salt-works along the , but also cheaper, for the Reason before-mentioned, as well as others; the same greatly discourages the erecting Saltpans upon the said Western Coast, for the Making of

9 A White

734 9* — iQ°Febrm A. 1748.

White Salt for the aforesaid Purposes: That the Peti" tioners, notwithstanding these Difficulties, are willing to erect Salt-pans at Fort Glasgow, provided Liberty was given them to bring Rock-Salt from England, to be refined there, chargeable with the same Duties as are now paid, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, for securing the Payment thereof, as shall be thought necessary; by which means not only his Majesty's Revenue will be much increased, but great Advantages accrue to the Publick j but that, by the Laws now in being, Rock-Salt cannot be carried above Ten Miles Distance from the Pit: And therefore praying the House to grant them the Liberty of carrying Rock-salt to Port or such Relief in

the Premises as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Aldworth't A Petition of Magdalen Aldworth: And the said Peti-Nat- tion was read; praying, That a Bill may be brought in for her Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pur-luant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Colleton and Mr ^Breretondo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to

make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

Bounty on A Petition of George Buchanan and John Crawford, Sail-cloth Agents for several Manufacturers of Sail-Cloth in

exported, that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the said Petition was read , setting forth. That, among the several Provisions, which, by divers Acts of Parliament, have from time to time been made for encouraging and extending the Manufacture of British Sail-Cloth, it is Enacted, That an additional Duty of One Peny per Ell be laid upon all foreign-made Sails or Sail-cloth imported into Great Britain by way of Merchandize, over and above all other Duties already chargeable thereon; and that out of the Monies arising by the said additional Duty, there be allowed a Reward of Two Pence for every Ell of British-made Sail-cloth or Canvas fit for or made into Sails, which shall be exported by way of Merchandize s That by a Clause, in an Act made in the Tenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, reciting, That in many Ports of this Kingdom, from which British Sail-cloth is exported, there is not so much Money received, for the said additional Duty of One Peny per Ell, as is sufficient to pay the said Reward of Two Pence for every Ell of made Sail cloth or Canvas exported, as aforesaid, it is Enacted, That if the Collector of the Customs in any Port of this Kingdom shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands, arising by the said additional Duty, to satisfy and pay such Reward as is or shall be due to any Exporter of British-maAz Sail-cloth or Sails, that then such Collector shall give to the Person Intitled to such Reward a Certificate, attested by the Comptroller, of what is due to such Person for such British Sail-cloth or Sails fb exported, certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs at London or Edinburgh, respectively, that he hath not Money in his Hands, on the Branch aforesaid, sufficient to pay the same; which Certificate being produced to the said respective Commissioners, they are to cause the Monies thereby due to be paid in Three Months, by the respective Re-ceivers-General or Cashiers of the Customs, out of such Monies as are or shall be in their Hands, arising by the said additional Duty of One Peny per Ell on Sail-cloth imported, as aforesaid: That the Amount of the Duty on foreign-made Sail-cloth, imported into England, greatly exceeds the Amount of the Reward allowed on the Exportation of such Sail-cloth as is manufactured there: That very little or no foreign-made Sail-cloth or Sails is or are at this time imported into Scotland, for which rca-

l9

son there is' not any Fund in that Kingdom at present to pay the Reward which the Legislature intended to allow on the Exportation of British Sail-cloth from Scotland, as well as from England: And although the Sail-cloth Manufacture in Scotland is now very considerable, and employs great Numbers of Poor, yet the same mult inevitably decline, unless the Commissioners of the Customs at London are authorized to pay the same Reward to the Exporters in Scotland, as they are impowered to do by the last-recited Act with tespect to the like Exportations from the Out-ports of England: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that such Provision may be made for the Purpose before-mentioned; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Sir< Nath. Curzon, Earl of Egmont, settlement of Admiral Vernon, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Brookfbank, Moravian*

Mr. Martin, Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Bourchier »« America.

Mr. McLeod, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lord Dup-

plin, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Laroche, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Abraham Baron of Gers dorff, Lewis Baron Schratenbach, free Lord of Lindheim,

David Nitfchmam, Syndic, Charles Schachmann Baron of Hermfdorff, and Henry Croffart, Agent, Deputies from the united Moravian Churches, in behalf of themselves, and their united Brethren, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris} 10° die

Anno 22* Georgii II<! Regis, 1748.

Prayers. (

ABIL L for confirming Articles of Agreement, and Norton jn*u an Award, for inclosing and dividing the Heaths, Twicrof* Wastes, Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township u/e‘ of Norton juxtaTwicross, in the county of ,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptrt,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr.

IVilles, Mr. Butler, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Mr. Saville, Mr.

Smithe, Mr. White, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Charleton,

Mr. Barbor, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr.

Mellish, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Mr. Mon-

day, Mr. Hay, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Bacon, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr.

Morton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Winning Sir Nath. Curzon j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir William Middleton presented to the House, accord* North Shkkfc ing to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from North Road. Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Pennington presented to the House, according EUenfbot to Order, a Bill for repairing, enlarging, and preserving. Harbour, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland:

And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Verelft, from Colony of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in Georgia. America, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the

Money

22 GeO. II.

jo° Fefauarii.

735'

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Aid Account was iqad. The Aid Account is as followethj viz.

s.

4

so

d.

4

6

Money granted in the Year 1746, for the further settling

and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has.

been applied by the Trustees for eftsbliftiing the Aid Colony.

Am ACCOUNT, shewing how the Money granted in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-six^ for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in hat been applied by the Trustees for

establishing the Aid Colony; viz.

Applied in America:

For the following Expences in Georgia, from Lady-day 1746, to Michaelmas 1747, taken from the Accounts received

thereof;

Salaries and Allowances to the President, Assistants, Magistrates, and other Officers, residing at £.

Savannah - - 543

Salaries to the Secretary in the Colopy, and his Clerk - - - - 187

The Maintenance and Clothing of Two Men Servants employed ia cultivating Lands for the Use of the residing Minister at Savannah - - - - :*.*.« - -

Allowances to the School-masters at Savannah and Fernonburg and A Bon, the Parish-Clerk, publick Midwife, and Gardener, at Savannah ——

Charges of the Cow-pen at Old Ebenezcr, for keeping a Stock of Cattle in the Colony - - 30 xo

Allowance to the Pilot at Tybee, where a Lighthouse is erected for a Sea Mark, and is the great

Security to the Navigation on that Coast - '- - - - - . - - -1 75

Allowances to the Pilots at the Two Entrances of JthyUHarbour, in the Southern Part of Georgia 59

Allowances to the Con liable, Parish-Clerk, and publick Midwife, at Frederica - 30

Allowance to the Register of the Grants, and Charges of surveying and fitting out of Lands - 37

Charges of entertaining the Indians when they come into the Towns in , and of mending

their Guns, and the Militia Arms - - - - 24

The Bounty on Silk Balls raised in Georgia, and Charges of the Sil|c Manufacture there - - 197

Charges of the Sick and Poor, and of dispensing Medicines - - - - 205

Charges of the Execution of Justice in criminal Cafes - - - . . 79

Allowance to the Clerk of the Accounts in Georgia, for keeping the Accounts of the Application

of the Sola Bills fer.t from England, for defraying the Trustees Expences in , and

making Duplicates thereof, and of the Vouchers sent to the Trustees - - - - 60 — — -

Other incident Charges in the whole Colony - - - - 334 10 uj

If

9 10 18 8

16

17

8

*7

U

S

19

Si

2,252 II

For the following annual Expences defrayed in Georgia, from Michaelmas 1747, to Michaelmas 1748, bolides the other Charges defrayed there within that Time, which cannot be herein al'certained, for\want of the Accounts of the Particulars thereof from Georgia; viz.

Salaries and Allowances to the President, Assistants, Magistrates, and other Officers residing at Savannah ——

Salaries to the Secretary in the Colony, and his Clerk ——

The Maintenance and Clothing of Two Men Servants employed in cultivating Lands for the Use of the residing Minister at Savannah -

Allowances to the School-masters at Savannah, and and ABon, the Parish-Clerk,

publick Midwife, and Gardener, at Savannah ——

Allowances to the Pilots at Tybee and Jekyll, as before*mentioned -

Allowances to the Constable, Parish Clerk, and publick Midwife, at Frederica "4 -Allowance to the Clerk of the Accounts in Georgia, as before-mentioned -

Applied in England:

385 3 i*5 —

24 6 8

5* ——

90 ——

20 — — 40 ——

736 10 —

For the following Expences, from Lady-day 1746, to Michaelmas 1748, being Two Years and an Half; viz. -

Stationary Ware and Printing ——

House-Rent, Servants, Coals and Candles for the Office, and incident Charges -Charges in making out Sola Bills of Exchange lent to Georgia, to be issued there for the Service of the Colony, instead of permitting the drawing Bills on the Trustees -Salaries to the Secretary and Accomptant - - - _ -

Rewards to several Persons, for their Service for the Trull, and for Clerkship -

Charges on raw Silk received from Georgia, and of working the same for Sale into Organzine, Tram, Singles, and Knittings ——

31 6 2 215 12 114

30 19 2

750 ——

338 14 6

34 1*

£- 4*39° 7

Note, There remained unapplied and unappropriated, at Lady-day 1746, of the Money granted

in the Year 1743, the Sum of £. 796. 17*. \d.\and this Account is carried only to Michaelmas 1748, exclusive of the Charges abroad not herein ascertained, for want of the Accounts thereof; which Charges, with this Account's, exceeding the Money granted in the Year 1746, will overbalance th? Residue of the said Remain.

Georgia, Trustees Office, Harman Fereljl, Accomptant.

Queen-Square, Westminster. February 10, 1748.

Rogers's

Estate.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering the Committee of the Estate of John Rogers Esquire, a Lunatick, to make Surrenders and Leafesof the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of the said Lunatick, during his Lunacy, was read a Second time.

Vol. 25.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. , Mr. Gray, Mr.

Gore, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Provfe, Mr. PFor. Montague, Mr. Smythe, Mr. Blackett,

Mr. Fonnereau, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr.

Neale, Mr. PVilfon, Mr. Fyner, Lord Londonderry, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Mr.

Best, Mr. Lambton, Mr. White, Mr. Lownds, Mr. Ridley,

Sir

to0 Februarii.

A. 1748.

Statutes of Hue and C17.

Sir Edward Beering, Mr. Grove\ and all the Members bitants are unable to repair the fame, unless some further

~ Provision is made by Parliament.

He also said, That the Roads leading from Chapel in the Frith to Herne Stone Land Head, in Peak Forest, and from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton aforesaid, to a Place called Hurdlow Hou/e in the County of and from Ardwick near to Didsbury, in the

who serve fofr the Counties of Durham and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which may happen by Pro'

ceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry: County of Laucaster, are, in most Parts thereof, very And that Mr. Povtney, Sir Richard^ Lloyd, and Mr. Mor- deep and founderous, and in some Places very narrow

ton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Comnriffion-cn for Prize Csufes.

Ross to

Hereford

Roads.

and uneven: and that the said Roads cannot be amended, unless some Provision is made by Parliament for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of

An ingijofied Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act declaring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed

by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, _ . - . ~ v c

for receiving, hearing,-and determining. Appeals in Causes Rarhament, tJie Eleventh Year of the

of Prizes, was read she Third time. Re‘Sn ?{h" Majesty King the First, and the

other in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Prizes, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of and for the County of Hereford, and of other prepare, and bring in, the fame, Gentlemen and principal Inhabitants living near, and

of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester in the County of Lancaster-, and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act: And that Sir Nathanael Curzon and Sir Thomas Eger ton do

frequently travelling through, the several Roads to and from the Town Kofs, in the said County of Hereford, therein after particularly mentioned and described, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had dire died him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House: And he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Committee examined,

Herbert Westphaling Esquire: Who said, That he is

well acquainted with the Roads mentioned in the Petition, which are in a very ruinous Condition.

That the Witness (who is a Justice of the Peace) in Conjunction with other Justices of the Peace for the said County, had endeavoured to repair the said Roads, by compelling the several Parishes to perform their Statute-work; but had found, by Experience, such Work to be insufficient for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford: And that the Lord

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Guillon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Metcalfe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Barbor reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Burgesses, of the Town or Borough of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Petitioners called,

Mr. Michael Mayo: Who laid. That he is well ac-

?uainted with' the Road from Wansford Bridge, in the 'ounty of Northampton, to the Town of , in

Sherbrooke HU1 to Manchester Road.

Harley and Mr» Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the the County of Lincoln, and travelled through that Road fame. about a Fortnight ago: That it is very deep and dan-

gerous to Travellers; and that he apprehends it cannot Sir Nathanael Curzon reported from the Committee, be repaired by the ordinary Course of Law for repairing to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, and other the Highways of this Kingdom.

Inhabitants, living in and near the Road leading from Thomas Otter, being examined, confirmed the Evidence Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton and Chapel in the Frith, in the of Mr. Mayo in every Particular.

County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Lan- effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from caster, was referred. That the Committee had examined Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln: And that report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; Mr. Barbor and Mr. Proby do prepare, and bring in, the and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards fame.

delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

In Support of the Allegations of the Petition, the following Evidence was produced

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all

An Act, passed in the 1 ith Year of the Reign of his the Articles of War made in the Reigns of his Majesty's late Majesty, whereby several Tolls were granted for Royal Predecessors King Charles the Second, King James repairing the said Roads, for the Term of 21 Years, the Second, King William and Queen Mary, and King commencing from the iftDay of May 1725: William.

An Act, passed in the 3d Year of his present Majesty, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his whereby the said Term was, from the tft Day of May Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-1730, further extended for ai Years: rections, that there be laid before this House, Copies of

An Account, extracted from the Books of the all the Articles of War made in the Reign of her late Trustees, by Mr. Edward Norris, their Clerk, whereby Majesty Queen Anne.

it appeared. That/. 900, which has been borrowed on Resolved, That an humble Add rest be presented to his the Credit of the said Tolls, remains unpaid. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-

Mr. Henry Atkinson said. That some Parts of the said rections, that there be laid before this House, Copies of Road are in a very bad Condition; and that the Inha- all the Articles of War, made in the Reign of his late

Majesty

Gtiillon's

Nat,

Wansford

Bridge.

Articles of War.

22 Geo. II. 10° — 13°

Majesty King George the First, and of his present Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

A Message from the Lords by Mr, Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wood hey for inclosing and dividing East Down, and the

nc 0 u,e* open and common Fields of and

in the County of Southampton, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose, without any Amendment: And also,

Faraborough The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Road. for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-weft End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Rivtrhill, in the Parish of Sevenoaks, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

Foftei'i The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Name, enable Joseph Fofter Barham Esquire, and his Issue, to take and ule the Surname of Barham, pursuant to the Will of Henry Barham Esquire, deceased: To which the Lords ddire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Punishing A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for Mutiny and the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; Desertion. was reatj a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Charge of The House was moved, That (o much of his Majesty's additional most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both H iu(es *men* of Parliament, as relates to the maintaining our naval Force in proper Strength and Vig ur, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That an humbe Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Charge of retaining Three thousand Seamen, over and above those already voted this Session of Parliament, to be employed, if Occasion should require, within the Year 1749.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

Lawsrefped- A Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into ing the Go- One Act of Parliament, the I.aws relating to the Govern-H?nN?ent of ment of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, c avy‘ was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

St.Lconanl's, Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Shoreditch, Brereton, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Mr. Kent, Mr.

Streats. Mr. Nath. Newnham, Mr. Mr. Turner,

Sir John Rushout, Mr. Wimington, General Onslow, Mr. Gibbon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, Constables, and other the principal Parishioners and Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Vol. 25.

Februarii. 737

Ordered, That Sir Edw. Dering, Mr. BiJJe Richards, Ramfgnre Mr. Alderman Baker, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bristow, H*rbour-Colonel Elliot, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hume, Mr. Alderman shall, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Willey,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. BraJJey, Mr. Bejt, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Chauncy

Townshend, Mr. Wifjon, Mr. Carter, Mr. Middleton, Mr.

Savil/e, Mr. Gildart, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Daljtone, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition ot several Merchants of the City of London, Owners and Masters of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

Ordered, That Lord Gage have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Ap Act Fofter'* to enable Joseph Fofter Barham Esquire, and his Issue, to Name* take and use the Surname of Barham, pursuant to the Will of Henry Barham Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 13® die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Addresses, of Friday last. That his Majesty would Addreli. be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copies and Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before 1 his House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House,

That he will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Bristol Road*. the Petition of the Trustees. whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of; and also

an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the said Act; were read: And,

Mr. Edward Cooper said, That the said Roads arc in as ruinous a Condition now as when the said Acts passed, the Toll-gates having been pulled down long ago: That he thinks this Inconveniency might be avoided, by permitting Carriages with Coals for Sale or for Hire passing Toll-free: And that more than Half the Trust*' appointed by the said Acts are dead.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Briftolj and the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual: And that Mr. Southwell, Mr. Chcfl'r,

Mr. Berkeley, Sir Charles Keymis Tynte, and Mr. Proitje, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

M r. Ridleypresented to the House, according to Order, Newcalll*

a Bill for repairing the Road from the West Cowgate, upon Tyne near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, by or through Roads* Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Bel say

9 B

738 13 0 Februarii.A. 1748.

Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sutton, Sec. Ordered, That Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Best, Mr. Winning-rainage. ton, Nfr. Mitchell, Mr. Maitland, Mr. White, Mr.

Sir Edward Deering, Mr. Erskine, Admiral' Vernon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Witcham, Chatteris,

Doddington, and a Place called ByalFcn, in the Ijleof Ely and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, is committed.

Kinghorn Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom ar our, ttc the Petition of the Provost, Bailiffs, and Town-Council,

of Kinghorn, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

George Drummond Esquire was called: Who, being examined, laid, That there is a Ferry between Kinghorn and Leith, which is moll frequently used by Persons pairing between the North and South Parts of Scotland: And he said, That if the Harbour of Kinghorn was repaired, and made commodious, it would not only be of great Advantage to the Town, but to the Whole of that Part of the united Kingdom. Then,

Mr. John Dick, Master of a Ship, was called, and examined: Said, That he, having lived at Kinghorn 30 Years, was well acquainted with the Harbour there, which hath been several Years past in a ruinous Condition: That the Passage at the Ferry is attended with many Inconveniencies, by reason a small Quantity of Water flows into the Harbour, in regard there is a large Sand Bank in the Channel, which used to be Three Boats Length over, and now there is scarce Water enough for One; and frequently at Neap Tides, when the Wind blows Easterly, there is not, at High-Water, enough for the smallest Boats either to fail in or out.

Mr. John Ba/foure, being examined, confirmed the Evidence before given by Mr. Dick.

And the said Mr. Dick added to his Evidence, That the Harbour is now so bad, the whole Revenue -of the Town, applicable towards keeping the same in Repair, is not near sufficicent to put and keep the same in Repair.

That several Papers were produced, and laid before the Committee; wheteby it appeared, That the Magistrates and Inhabitants of the Town had made Application to a general Convention of the Royal Boroughs at whereupon Commissioners were appointed to inquire into the State and Revenue of the Town, and the Condition of the Piers and Harbour thereof} and they, after Inquiry, made a Report, That the Channel was much filled up with Sand.; that the Pier and Bulwark, which defended the Harbour from the Violence of Storms, were not only become ruinous, but several Parts thereof beat down.: And at another general Convention, held in 1743,agene-ral Contribution was recommended in the whole Boroughs, in order to repair the Pier and Harbour: But. it does not appear that any thing has been since done relating thereto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of ' a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof: And that Mr., Oswald, Sir Harry Monroe, ihd Lieutenant-General St. Clair, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. , Mr. Nath. Newnham, Mr,

Alderman Baker, Mr. Willey, Mr Mr. Lamb, be Southwark added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the k°adfrom principal Inhabitants and Landholders of the Parishes of New Street> St. John Southwark, St. Mary Magdalen and

St. Mary Rotherhith, in the County of whole Names

are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Woollen, ic. Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Manufic-George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent unlawful tures-Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures; and for better Payment of their Wages; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual prevent, ng the Abusesand Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, and Iron Ma*-nufadlures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause or Clauses, to extend the Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent

unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures; and for better Payment of their Wages; to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-prelfers, and all other Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactures, not specified in the said last mentioned Act.

A Bill for naturalizing George William Renner, was Renner'* read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Wilson, Alderman Baker, Mr. Plumer, Lord Parker, Lord Dup-plin, Mr. Torke, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Montagu, Mr Sydenham, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Mr. Sandys,

Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. West, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Pitt, M r. Bet hell, Mr. Child, Lord Doner aile, Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Winnington, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Smith, Mr. Northey, Mr. Proby, Mr. Mitchell,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Dowdeswell, Admiral Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Warburton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr.

Thtirstone:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill: for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be Land Tax. raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine, without any Amendment: And also, . x

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act to R*(h'* dissolve the Marriage1 of Samuel Rash Gentleman, with Divorce. Dorothy Fuller, his now Wife, and to enable him no marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And. then the Mefiifengers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Article* of to their Address to his Majesty, . War.

Ryles and Articles for the better Government-of his Majesty's Horleand Foot Guards, and.all other his Land Forces in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and and

Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1721: And ailo.

Rules and Articles f>r the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his

Land

32 Geo. II.

13° — 140

Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1722: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of our Horse and Foot Guards, and all other our Land Forces in our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno ^35: And also.

Rules and Orders for the better Government of his Majesty's Forces employed in foreign Parts, Anno 1742: And also,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1743: And also*

Rules and Orders for the better Government of the Forces employed in foreign Parts, Anno 1745: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, Dominions beyond the Seas, and foreign Parts, for the Year 1748: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, Dominions beyond the Seas, and foreign Parts, Anno 1749.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, a Paper containing Alterations in the Articles of War for the Year 1749.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Rules and Articles, and also the Title of the said Paper, were read.

The said Books and Paper are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Book cont.vning Rules and Articles for the betterGovernment of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other hi< Forces in Great Britain and , Dominions be-

yond the Sea', and foreign Parts, Anno 1749, together with the Alterations in the Articles of War for the Year 1749, printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the H mfe.

Ordered, That the rest of the Books, containing the said Rules, Articles, and Orders, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning and Means. next> repjive jtfojf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 140 die;

Anno 22* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

Rochester, A BIL L to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of Ire. Road*. xV the First, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading Pom the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret Ps in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned} and for rendering the same more effectual} was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hors.

Turner, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Joliffe. Mr. Barne, Mr. Kent, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr. Belchier,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cha. fownshend, Mr. , Mr.

Vol. 25.

Februarii. 739

Thornton, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Child, Lord Parker, Mr.

Newnkam, General Onslow, Mr. Ph Mr. L. Robin-fen, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mellish, Mr. nington. Sir John Rufhout, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hay} and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, and

Surrey, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Winnington presented to the House, according to Worcester, Order, a Bill for the further enlarging the Term and &c- R<Mda-Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of W and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, Egham of the several Parishes of Stains and Egham, in the Coun- ^ufeway ties of Middlesex and Surry, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other Freeholders and Inhabitants of the said Parishes. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Maintenance and Well-keeping of Stains Bridge and Egham Causeway, hath been presentai to the House, suggesting. That the said Bridge and Causeway cannot be maintained, unless the Tolls granted by the said Act for that Purpose are increased: And alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend they are able to prove, that the said Suggestion is without Foundation; and that thelncrealing of the said Tolls will be a very great and unnecessary Burthen upon the Petitioners and all other Persons residing in and near the aforesaid Parishes: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners maybe heard against the Allegations contained in the said Petition; or that they may be otherwise relieved as to the House shall appear just and reasonable.

Ordered, That this Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution, under the Controul of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Maintenance and Well-keeping o Bridge and

Egham Causeway, being the Highway from London to the West Part of England, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House: And that these Petitioners, if they thing fit, be heard, upon their laid Petition, before the said Committee.

A Bill for settling a certain yearly Payment to the Broughton Retftor of Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for the Tythe*. Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned} was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. Mellish, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fell owes, Mr. Mr. Gore,

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Barbor,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Leivis,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Martin, Mr. W, Lord Trentham,

Earl of Egmont, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Winnington, Sir John Turner, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Oswald, Sir Edw.

Dering, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hampden, Mr.

Wright, Mr. Child, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Downey. Mr.

Mitchell j

74°

Mitchell; and all the Members who serve for the County of Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Artictef of Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant War. to their Address to his Majesty,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and , and Dominions be-

yond the Seas, Anno 1723: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and and Dominions be-

yond the Seas, Anno 1724: And also,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1725: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1726: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all'other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1727: And also,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1728: And also,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1729: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1730: And also,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1731: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1732: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Land Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1733: And also,

Rules and Articles for the better Government of our Horse and Foot Guards, and all other our Land Forces in our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1734: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of our Horle and Foot Guards, and all other our Land Forces in our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1736: And also.

A. 1748.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of our Horse and Foot Guards, and all other our Lands Forces in our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1737; And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of our Horse and Foot Guards, and all other our Land Forces in our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1739: And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of our Horse and Foot Guards and all other our Forces in our Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Sea, for the Year 1740: And also,

Rules and Orders for the better Government of his Majesty's Forces employed in foreign Parts, Anno 1743:

And also.

Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ire'and, and Dominions beyond the Seas, Anno 1744: And also,

Rules and Orders for {he better Government of his Majesty's Land Forces abroad, Anno 1744.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, an attested Copy of a Report from the Board of General Officers to the late King, on the Articles of War, dated the 20th August x 715.

And the Titles of the Books, containing the said Rules,

Articles, and Orders, were read.

And the said attested Copy was also read.

The said Books and attested Copy are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Books and Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Ellenfoot Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland, was Harbour, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the' Bill be committed to Sir John Pennington, Sir John Turner, Sir James Lozvther, Mr. Plamer.

Sir John Ramsden, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Charles

Mr. Ridley, General Mordaunt, Mr. Neale, Mr Mr.

Frankland, General Howard, Mr. Compton, Colonel Stan-wix, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Dalston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Townshend, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ingram,

Mr. Me/lish, Mr. IVilk inf on, Mr. EMr. Thornton, Mr.

Brereton, Lord Parker, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mr.

Villters, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bacon; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cumberland,

Northumberland, Durham, York, and Lane after, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant Charge of to their Address to his Majesty, an Estimateof the Charge addltIonal of retaining Three thousand Seamen, over andabove those Seamen-already voted this Session of Parliament, to be employed, if Occasion should require, within the Year 1749.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

140 Februarii.

Admiralty-Office, 14 1748.

An ESTI MAT E of the Charge of retaining Three thousand Seamen, over and above those already voted this Session of Parliament, to be employed, if Occasion should require, within the Year 1749; prepared in consequence of an Address to his Majesty from the Honourable House of Commons', of the 10th lnstant.

To 3,000 Seamen, to be paid an Allowance of £.10 per Annum each - - - - 30,000 — —

To Contingent Charges - -- - 600 — —

£. 30,600 ----- --1

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

North A Bill for repairing the Road from North Shields, in |^j*s the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read a Second time.

Resolved, Tha.tthe Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley, Mr. Villiers, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Grenville, 23

Mr. Lytt/eton, Sir John Turner, Mr. Turner, Mr. Gybbon,

Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Witkinson Mr. Compton, Mr. Prvwfe,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Rat hard, Mr. Mr. Mor-

ton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Sxdenham Mr. Hay, kett, Mr. Bowes, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Ord, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lockye*, Mr. Neale, Mr. Watson, Mf. Lambton, Mr. Cor new at I, Mr. Colonel Corn-

wallis, Sir Francis PoJe, Mr. Fairfax-, and all the Members

Rath's

Divorce.

Scotch Mini-ftm* Widows lad Children.

22 Geo. II. i/^reVrudwi 741

bers who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, ham, York, Cumberland, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Fire of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill firom the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Gentleman, with Dorothy Fuller, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Refobved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Adam Anderson, Agent for the Trustees, appointed by an Act of Parliament of the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers of the Universities of Andrews, and Edinburgh, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Cferk'sTable: Where the same was read; and is as folldweth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the Petition,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the 17th Year of his present Majesty, was produced; by which Act an annual Tax is imposed upon all Persons holding Benefices in the Church of Scotland, upon all Heads, Principals, and Mailers of the Universities of St. Andrews, and

Edinburgh, of cither £.1.Ilf 6, £. 3. 18. 9, £.5 .5.0,

or £.6. 11.3. Sterling, at the Option of the said Persons, and for which their Widows arc intitled to the respective Annuities of either £. 10, £.t 5, £. to, or £. 2$: And the Children of such as leave no Widow, to a Stock respectively of either £. 100, £. 150, £.200, or £. 250: And, in order to raise a Fund for securing the Payment of the said Annuities, it is, by the said Act, directed. That the Surpluses of the said annual Taxes, after the Payment of the Charges of Management, and of such Annuities as become due, shall be lent out in Sums of £. 30 to each of the said Contributors, at £.4 perC which Sums they are

obliged to accept, and to give Security for the Payment of the said Interest, and Repayment of the Principal, upon their ceafingto have a Right to the Benefices or Offices, in respect whereof they received the said Sams, by Promotion, Deprivation, Resignation, Death, or any other Manner: And that such Sum, so re-paid, shall be, in like manner, advanced to the Persons succeeding to such Benefices, or Offices: And that when the said Sums of £. 30 shall have been paid to Persons possessed of Benefices or the Offices aforesaid, the Surpluses of the said Taxes shall be lent out at Interest, in order to r&ifo a further Fund of £. 35,000: And that after this Fund is completed no further Increase shall be made, but the said Surplusses shall be annually divided amongst Children of the said Ministers and Officers of the said Universities.

A Representation of the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, signed by their Prefes, Jo. and dated

the 5th of April 1748, to the General AflemWy of the Church of Scotland, which met at Edinburgh the 12 th of May 1748, was produced; wherein it was represented, That, upon an Inquiry, made by the said Trustees, how the said Scheme would answer, it appeared. That a great many old Men had made their Option of the highest Gaffes t that the Number of Benefices in the Church and Universities, and consequently the annual Produce for the Support of the said Fund, was less, and the Number of Widows to be provided for considerably greater than was supposed in Calculation, instituted on the Lifts transmitted by the Presbyteries, previous to the Application for the liud Act of Parliament.

And, upon these Fasts, a Calculation was stated, to shew the Impracticability of establishing the said Fund, in the Manner directed by the said Act, and the Neccfllty of

Vol. 25.

evenprovidingforafurtherfhcrcafe thereof to £ 59,000',' scotch Mini-in case the Number of Widows and Children to be pro- fters* Widow* vided for, (hpuld hereafter require such Addition of Ca- »«d£luldr#n. pital.

And it is also further represented, That^they the said'

Trustees remitted the Consideration of the said Caku'la- tion to Mr. Alexander Chahners, Accomptant, and that they requested George Drummond Esquire, Lord Provost of Edinburgh, and the Reverend Mr. Mathew Stewart,

Professor of Mathematics in the Uoiverfity there, to examine the Principles and Data on which the'Calculations' were founded.

The Report of the said Gentlemen was annexed to the' said Representation; and is as f>ll<»ws:

Copy of the Attestation of Messieurs Stewart, and Chalmers, above-mentioned:

" We whole Name? are hereunto subjoined, having,

" at the Delire of the Trustees, Idc. confi.lered tue State of the Fund, together with the PrincipVs, and Data, u and Calculation, instituted therein, refe red to in a " Representation, to be laid by them before the ensuing " General Assembly, do hereby attest, to all whom it " may concern:

" That the Principles and Data seem to us every way " just, and as Well founded as the Nature of the 't hing " will admit; and that the Calculation is carried on M with great Skill and ILxaelness:

" That according as it appears from the said Calculation, the Stock will, in all Probability, become " stationary against the Year 1771, when no more than " £. 47,633. os. 8Tvf*». and would every Year di:ni*

nish:

" That £. to, oooo, at least, would then be wanting to make the Stock rife to £. 63,860 the Capital, in-* eluding £. 28,860, in Loans to Contributors, which is " absolutely necessary, when the greatest Burthen shall'

come on the Fund:

" That such Deficiency would, in a great measure,

" deprive those Children of their just and oecessary Provisions, who have the best Claim, in regard their Fa- then will have contributed most:

" That this, and the many other disagreeable Consequences which would attend a Deficiency in the advanced Years of the Scheme, may easily be remedied " by any Method that will lave or raise £.5,350 against the Year 1755:

" That the Method proposed for remedying such De.

ficiener, under the First Particular of the aforesaid " Representation, is most equitable; and will, in all Pro- bability, make up the Sum wanting, though it only1 " raises £. 3,024, against the Year 17J5, because of its Influence through the after Years of the Fund, but cannot be supposed to save more than what is necessary;

we are rather of opinion, That, for the more Security,

" larger Deductions should be made, at least for some Years:

" That, in regard the greatest Saving, by the aforesaid Proposal, is at the Beginning, if immediate Application shall not be made to Parliament to Enact accordingly,

" the Deficiency cannot be prevented without greatey " Deductions or additional Payments; it is evident,

" from the Table in the aforesaid Representation, That " a Delay only of One Year would deprive the Fund of no less than £.81 o:

" That as on the Rife of the Capital depends the Being and Subsistence of the Scheme, so the several Sums proposed, under the Second Particular of t ;e foresaid Re-u presentation, to go every Year to Stock; viz. £.3,009 " at each Whit fun day preceding fVhitfm 17555 £. 2,000 at Whitsunday 1755, and every " t hereafter preceding If hhjunday 1759; £. 1,000 z.tH'hrtJundtjy 1759, and every Whitfimday thereafter preced-

" ing fb'h'tfunday 1765; £.500at Whitsunday 1765, and

" ever} tVhit)un:iay therafterprecedng^f0/»t£jy 1780;

" and£. 200 at IVbit fun day 1780, and every Year tljereafter, tdl each Contributor has received 30, and th£

" foresaid Capital of £.35,000 is made up: These, we

» C "

742 14° Februarii. A. 1748.

Scotch Mui- " r fo®6 such Sums of the same Extent, against the

(ten. Widow* " Year 1800, mutt be annually applied for increasing the *udChildren. Stock, otherwise the Capital cannot be supposed to rife, " and there can be no sufficient Security for the Provisions of young ^inifters and Professors, or future Intrants; o " Having attested these Fasts, we cannot conclude without observing. That it was impossible to calculate, with any Certainty, how the Scheme would hold, until the several Ministers in the Church, and Professors in the Universities, had, pursuant to the fpresaid Act of Parliament, signified their Option of the annual Rates to which they chuled to be subject, because, in regard.of " their different Ages, such Option might, inafew Years, " increase ordimmifti the Stock very considerably, according as those of advanced Years should be more-or " leis numerous in the higher Classes; so that instead of " wondering that a Deficiency may happen, we are rather " surprized that such a small Variation will perfect a Plan " which depended on the free Choice of near a thousand Persons, and a Variety of Incidents, that could not be reduced to any certain Calculation, and are very muchpleased to find that the Deficiency can be so easily " prevented:

" And mu ft further beg Leave to say, That though . there could be no Certainty as to the Rife of the Capital

previous to the Option of Contributors, as justnow observed, yet such probable Conjectures were made by *.* those who prepared the Scheme: That, if old Men had not been so numerous in the higher Classes, or if the Number of Benefices and Offices in Universities had *! b?en as great, and the Number of Widows no greater " than they appeared to be from the Lifts transmitted by " Presbyteries, on which the First Calculation was insti-tuted, the Fund would have been in no Danger; " their Returns,.as observed in the foresaid Representa-

V tion, made them amount to 1,093, * 2& more than-

they are now found to be, from the more accurate Lilts*

'* received since the Commencement of the Scheme, com[luting each of these at the Medium of£. 5. 5* o, it fol* " lows, that the annual Payments are £. 136. io. o less u than was at first apprehended; Had this been made good ‘ " to the Fund,;from the Beginning, it, together with the " growing Interest upon Interred, would have fully an-

V twered the sum that will probably be wanted.

... , "

" Matt. Stewart.

" Alex'. Chalmers '* And in order to fibew, That a greater Number of: Annuities has already taken place in the two highest dalles,' than are in Proportion to the Number of Contributors; considering the small Interval that has elapsed since the said Act of Parliament passed* and which has arisen, as is asserted in the said Represen tatien,' from the Option made f>y old Men to contribute in those Two Classes, an Account of the Number of such Contributors was produced; by which Account it appeared, That, upon the Cocnmence-ment of the said Act of Parliament, 297 made their Option of those Two Classes, and that 60 of such Persons are since dead.

The laid George Drummond Esquire, said. That the said Account was transmitted to him by Mr. fVi/hart, Prefes to the said Trustees; and that he did believe all the Fasts contained in the said Representation and Attestation are true; and that he is of Opinion an Addition of £.15*000 to the Capital of the said £. 35,000 is absolutely necessary to render the Fund capable of answering the Ends intended by the said Act of Parliament.

lathe said Representation of the said Trustees, it is further set forth, That, by the said Act, the Taxes cannot be otherwise recovered than by bringinga separate Action, in the ordinary Way, against each Person, neglecting or refuting to make the Payments s the Expence attending such Prosecutions, in some Cafes, -being greater than the Sum lued for, whereby the Perfecting of the said Fund will be considerably obstructed and retarded: And that the Place of Meeting (wffiich by the said Act is appointed to be in the old Church Aifte) is vety inconvenient, the said Truf-

tees being obliged to fit several Hours without Fire; and that -since the Passing of the said Act, a House has been erected, by the voluntary Contributions of several Gentlemen, for the Use of the said Trustees, and which is a much more proper and convenient Place for their Meetings to be held in.

And the Trustees did, in their laid Representation, also offer the following Propositions, as what would, in their Opinion, if carried into Execution by Parliament, prevent a Deficiency in the said Fund, and increase and render the same permanent and sufficient, and also remedy the said Inconveniencies:

1 ft. That to secure a reasonable Provision for the Widows and Children of younger Brethren, and future Intrants who will have paid an equal Value for it, a small Peduftion should 1 be made from the Provision allowed to the Families of those, who, at the Time of their Death, have paid only a few Years Tax for Support of the Fund.

adly. That to ascertain the Rife of the Capital, on which the Equity and very Being of the Scheme, depends, a certain Sum should be applied annually, for increasing the Stock.

3dly. That when the Capital is made up, the Surplus of the annual Produce, after defraying the annual Burthens, should be eqtially divided amongst the Widows and Children of Contributors.

4thly. That the Collector should be authorized to use furamar Diligence, for the more effectual and speedy levying the annual and other Rates, and with leall Expence to Persons liable jn Payment.

5thly. That the future Intrants should be obliged to notify their Option of the states to which they chufeto be subject, within a reafoaabie Time after their Ordination or Ad mission.

6thly. And, lastly, That the Meetings of the Trustees should be held in the most proper and convenient Place.

- The Appendix to this Report, being too long to be inserted, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 17th Year of his present, Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers, of the Universities of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh: And

that the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. , and Mr.

Andrew Mitchell, do prepare, and bring in, the faiiie.

Mr. Powney presented to the Hpufe, according to Or- r Statutes of der,a Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which mayhap- Hue and Cry. pen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Kejolved, That the Bill, be read a Second time.'

The House being informed. That Mr. Thomas Baskett , Articles Printer to his Majesty, attended at the Door; of War.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the.

House, a Paper, intituled, " The Return of Thomas Baskett. Printer to his Majesty, relating to Addresses to " his Majesty for Copies of the Articles of War, in and " since the Reign of King Charles the Second

Together with a printed Copy of Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, for the Year 1742: And also,

A printed Copy of Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, for the Year 1743: And also,

A Printed Copy of Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards

and

32 Geo. II. 140 — 150

4.

and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, and Dominions beyond the Seas, fot the Year 1744: And also,

A printed Copy of Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and and

Dominions beyond the Seas, for the Year 1747: And also,

A printed Copy of Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, Dominions beyond the Seas, and foreign Parts, for the Year 1748: And also,

A printed Copy of Rules and Orders for the better Government of his Majesty's Forces employed in foreign Parts, for the Year 1744: And also,

A printed Copy of Rules and Orders for the better Government of his Majesty's Forces employed in foreign Parts, for the Year 1747.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Return was read.*

The said Return and Books are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Return, and also the Books containing the said Rules, Articles, and Orders, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Hoofe.

The Order of the Day being read;

Northum* The House proceeded to the Hearing of the Matter of bcrland the Petition of Lancelot Allgood Esquire, complaining of Election. an uncjuc Return for the County of Northumberland:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner, no Counsel appearing for the Sitting Member, were called in:

And the said Petition was read:

And the Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cingue Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioner were heard:

And the Original Poll, taken at the said Election, having been produced by Mr. Deputy Clerk of

the Peace for the County of;

Part thereof was read, in order to prove that the Petitioner had a Majority of Votes upon the said Poll:

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw.

The House was informed, by One of their Members, That the Sitting Member, being out ef Order, and unable to attend himself, had authorized him to acquaint this House, That, upon Consideration of all the Circumstances attending the said Election and Return, he begs Leave to give the House no further Trouble.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Right Honourable Charles Bennet Esquire, commonly called Lord OJfulfton, is duly returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine Contradicente. Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That Lancelot Allgood Esquire, ought to have been returned a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do immediately attend this House, to amend the Return for the County of Northumberland, by rafing out the Name of the Right Honourable Charles Bennet Esquire, commonly called Lord OJfulfton, and inferring the Name of Lancelot Allgood Esquire, instead thereof.

The Clerk of the Crown attended accordingly, and Amended the said Return.

Ordered, That the Right Honourable Charles Bennet Esquire, commonly called Lord OJfulfton, be at Liberty to petition this House touching the said Election, within Fourteen Days next, if he thinks fit.

Vol. 25.

Febtuarii. 743

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 150 die Februarii;

Ann© 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayirs.

MR. Southwell reported from the Committee, to Bristol

whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Streets, kc. Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Sfeal, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

An Act, made in the 11 th and 12th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 3d, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleaning, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of Bristol; was read.

Then the following Witnesses were called; viz.

John Foy, Edward Cooper, and Morgan Smith Esquires, who, being severally examined, said. That the Provision made in that Act for enlightening the Streets of the said City, hath, in many Instances, been found insufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended, particularly for want of sufficient Power being vested in the Justices of the Peace, in their general Quarter-Sessions, to oblige the Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Precincts, within the City, to make use of publick Lamps in their respective Pari (lies, and to order the Number of such Lamps, and to ascertain the Length of Time such Lamps should be kept burning j whereby the Citizens and Inhabitants areexposed to the Danger of Murders, Burglaries, Robberies, and many other Outrages.

That the Enlightening of the said Streets, many of which are very narrow, is greatly obstructed by Signs, hung out before the Houses of several of the Inhabitants, which -obscure the publick Lights; and that in several of the Streets there is not one Lamp to be seen.

And they further laid. That the Clause in the said Act, by which the Owners of Houses are obliged to pitch or pave to the Middle of the Street, is an unreasonable Burthen on such Owners, where the Streets are very broad, great Numbers of such Houses being of small Value, and let at low Rents.

And the same Witnesses also said. That the Streets of the said City arc very much annoyed, and rendered very inconvenient for Passengers, in rainy Weather, by the great Number of Spouts which carry the Water off from many of the Houses to a considerable Distance into the Streets.

And they further gave Evidence, That the Pitching of the said Streets is daily worn away and torn up by the unreasonable Loads, which are carried in and through the fame, in Waggons, Carts, and other Wheel-Carriages, bound with Iron, and drawn by a large Number of Horses, whereby the E?pence of Pitching such Streets is not only rendered excessive, but the Streets ruinous and dangerous for Passengers.

And the same Witnesses testified, That the Number of Hackney-Coaches, used in the said City, is greatly increased; and the Halliers, Draymen, Carters, and other Persons driving Carriages in and through the lame, become very numerous, who often, commit great Difor-ders and Irregularities; for which no Remedy is at present provided i but if Power was given to the said Corporation to make Bye-Laws and Ordinances, from time to time, as Gccalion should require, those Inconveniencies would be soon removed, and the Offenders speedily brought to Justice.

744

5° Februari

A. 1748.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for snaking more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City o so far as the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating Hackney-Coachmen, Hal-liers. Draymen, and Carters, within the said City and Liberties thereof: And that Mr. , Mr. Kynaston,

and Mr. Chester, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

WUbech Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom the

Roada. Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and , in the IJleof Ely and County of Cambridge, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition $ and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

The Act, of the Third Year of his present Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared. That several Tolls and Duties were granted, for the Term of 21 Years, for repairing the said Roads, and the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, are impowered to borrow Money upon the Credit of the lame. Then,

Mr. Bludwick produced to the Committed the Assignment of a Mortgage; whereby it appeared. That the said Trustees, in pursuance of such Power vetted in them, had borrowed £.i, Soo, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, no Part of which, the Witness informed the Committee, had been repaid.

Then he produced the Original Account Book of the laid Trustees; whereby it appeared, That they were indebted, in several Articles, to the Amount of £.j6. 4-f. which, added to the Sum due on the Mortgage, amounts to /.!,676. 4 s.y\d.

The Witness then produced to your Committee, the Original Account Book of the Disbursements of the said Trustees; whereby it appeared. That the Sum now owing had been duly applied in the Repair of the said Road, which, he informed the Committee, is now in a tolerable Condition; but that, as the Tolls produce no more than £.90 a Year at an Average, the Mortgagee must unavoidably suffer the Loss of both the Principal and Interest of his Money, and the Road be again reduced to a ruinous Condition, without a further Continuation of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, 'intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and , in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge: And that Mr. Jenyns, the Lord Duppiin, and Mr. Yorke, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Betlow The Lord Duppiin reported from the Committee, to

Parochial whom the Petition of Thomas Duke of Leeds, Lord of the Manor of Bellow, in the County of Hertford, Charles Gore Esquire, Lord of the Manor in the said County of Hertford, and the Minister, Church-wardens, and Overseers of the Poor, of the Parish of 7 for themselves, and on behalf of the rest of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-' rested him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report- in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz,

*4

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

Mr. John Jackson laid. That he knows, from having inspected Title-Deeds belonging to the Duke of that the said Duke is seised of the Manor of , in the County of Hertford, and is Owner of divers Mr Ullages, Farms, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the said Manor.

James Trimmer Esquire, laid, That he has audited the Accounts of the Manor and Estates in Betlow, and to his Knowledge, the Rents thereof had been paid to the Duke of Leeds for many Years.

Then Mr. Jackson said. That the Inhabitants of the Parish of Tring having infilled that Part of the Lands and

Premises in Betlow are situate in the said Parish, and the Duke of Leeds having infilled that the greatest Part thereof are extraparochial, the Dispute concerning what Part of those Lands and Hereditaments lie within the said Parish, was several times litigated at the Quarter-Sessions for the County of Hertford, where the Witness attended, and the Decision of One of the said Sessions was in favour of the Duke, and the Decision of the other was in favour of the Parish of Tring -, but the Adjudication of the said Session being thought insufficient, the said Parish of Tring were permitted to distrain upon the Duke's Tenants for a new Rate, and upon such Distress, FiVe Actions were brought by the fp^ Tenants, which were all depending in Hillary Term 1*747:

That thereupon, to lave Expence, it was proposed, on the Part of the Duke of Leeds, to consolidate those Five Actions into One feigned Issue, to be settled by Counsel, upon which the whole Matter in Question might be tried in One Suit

And it appeared, by a Copy of an Order, produced before the Committee, made by the Court of Common-Pleas, and dated the 12th of February, in Hillary Term, in the Twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign, in a Suit wherein Christopher Bewley Gentleman, was Plaintiff against John Jackson Gentleman, Defendant, That the said Court ordered that an Issue be joined between the Parties in the said Suit, and tried at the next Summer Assizes for the County of Buckingham, wherein the lole Question should be, Whether Six several Bargains or Farms, Cottages or Lands, belonging to the said Duke of Leeds, or any Part thereof, were or were not in the said Parish of Tring P

Then Mr. Jackson laid. That the said Issue having been tried at the Assizes for the County of which

began on Monday the x 8th Day of last, an Order was made, by Content of the Parties, whereof a Copy was produced; which Order directed. That a Verdict should be found for the Plaintiff, anc^ Twelve Pence Damages; and that the Estate of the said Duke of Leeds should be taxed to the said Parish of Tring, at full Five hundred Pounds per Annum, and no more or lets; and that Application should be made to Parliament in the next Session, to ascertain the Boundaries in the Parish of Tring, in relation to the Estate in Question; -which Boundaries were to comprise the whole of the said Estate, (except the Two Fields called Great and Little Whittle); and that the Parish of Tring should contribute Sixty Pounds towards obtaining such Act, and join in Application for that Purpose, as should be thought necessary; and the Duke of Leeds was to defray the rest of the Expence; and the Parish Rates then in Arrear for the said Estate were to be forthwith paid, according to the Proportion above-mentioned: And a Provision was to be made in such Act, That the said Estate should be charged to all Parochial Rates, to the Parish of Tring, at the Rate above-mentioned, in all future Times; and that all Actions and Suits then depending, in relation to any such Rates, should cease and determine, without Costs on either Side, with respect to those Suits.

And, by a Copy of an Order, made in the Court of Common Pleas, on Friday the 28th of , in Michaelmas Term last, it appears the last recited Order was made a Rule of that Court.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for-confirming an Order and Rule of the Court of Common-

Pleas

Whitlefey

Drainage.

Wifmooth

Harbour.

Kingston ftpon Thames

Wells

Elution.

22 Geo. II. 150 — 16° Februarii. 745

Picas for aflrfling certain Lands and Tenements, in the Manor of Bet/o:v,to the Parochial Rates and Levies of and in the Parish of Tring, in the County of And that the l,ord Dupplin and Mr. , do prepare,

and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more clFedtual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Prccindlsof Whittlesey, in the Ijleof Ely, in the County of Cambridge: And the same was received; and read the F'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Geo. Doddington, General Onslow, Mr. Robert Henley, senior, Mr. Corny ns, Mr.

Mr. Gulftone, Mr. Brydges, Mr. Carey, Sir Conyers D'Arcy,

Sir Robert de Cornewall, Mr. Earle, Mr. Fane, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Furnesse, Mr. Gilda, Mr. , Mr. Lock,

Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Martin, Sir Peter, Thompson, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough and Town of IVaymouth, and Melcomb Regis, in the County of Dorset, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 160 die;

Anno 22° Georgii II^ Regis, 1748. Praters.

AP E TITI O N of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy and other Persons, living near, and frequently travelling, the Road leading from Hindhead Heath, where the Chic heft er Road breaks out of the Portsmouth Road,

through Fernherst Lane, and to the City of

Chichester, in the County of Suff whole Names are there-

unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Road, by reason of many heavy Carriages passing on the lame, is, in the Winter Sealbn, very ruinous and bad, so that Travellers cannot pals with Safety; and the said Road cannot be effectually amended, widened, and made commodious for Persons travelling the fame, without some further Provision be made by Parliament, for that Purpose; and in regard the said Road joins to the Road intended to be repaired by a Bill, for which there is a Petition now depending before the House for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton: Therefore praying, That some Provision may be made in the said Bill for the amending the Road afore-fayj; or that the Petitioners may have tuch other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the Count)- of Surrey, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Marter of this Petition; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That William Piers Esquire be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Vol. 25.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, Ranimate Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port Harbour, of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, one of the Cinque Ports, was presented to the House and read; letting forth. That, if Piers are extended into the Sea at Ramfi-gate, in consequence of the Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, Owners and Mailers of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, which was presented to the House on Wednesday the Eighth Day of February in-llant, the Petitioners conceive it will, in a short t-ime, swerve up the Mouth of Sandwich Haven, ruin the Trade of the said Town and Port of Sandwich, and, by Hopping the Course of the River Slower into the Sea, will drown the Lands between Sandwich and Canterbury: And therefore praying the House to take the same into Consideration, and grant them such Relief therein as to the House shall feetn meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of London, Owners and Mailers of Ships whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. R°y*l Assent Bellenden, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to 1

attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the Hdufe had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for'this Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine:

An Act declaring the Authority of the Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, under the Great Seal of Great ' ' Britain, for receiving, hearing, and determining, Appeals in Causes of Prizes:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Well at the North-well End of the Town or Village of Farnborough, in the County of Kent, to a Place called Riverhill, in the Parish of Sevenoakes, in the said County:

An Act for inclosing and dividing Eafi Woodkey , and the open and common Fields of Eafi Woodhey and Hollington, in the County of Southampton, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose:

An Act for enabling John Griffin Esquire, and

his Issue, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Griffin:

An Act to enable Samuel Grundy, now called Samuel Swinfen, and the Heirs Male of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Swinfen:

An Act for naturalizing Martin Klcncke, John James Grand, and Anthony Colombies:

An Act for naturalizing Gabriel Guillion.

Mr. Wtlfon reported from the Committee, to whom Rentier's Nat. the Bill for naturalizing George William Renner, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Tables e f

Ordered, That the Bill.be ingrossed.

Mr. Cornewall presented to the House, according lo Fit a rot's Order, a Bill to enable and oblige Charles Filzroy Esquite, Name, and Frances his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, to take and ule the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore: And the same was received; and read the First time.

p D

Denver,

Drainage,

Statutes of Hueand Cry.

Land Tax

Commission-cra Names, &c.

American

Paper

Credit.

Suffolk

Assizes.

Southwark Small Debt*.

746 16* — 17* Februar'ti. A. 1748.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Yorke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands ly ing in Denver, Upwell, Ontwell, and within the of

Ely, County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk: And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rectifying M stakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appoint* ing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, tobe raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1749: And that Mr and Mr. Lyster, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations: And that Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, the Lord Dupp/in, Mr. Alderman Baker , Mr. Baptist Gower, Mr. Fane,

Mr. John Pitt, Sir Thomas Robinson, and Mr. James Grenville, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the High Sheriff and Grand Jury for the Body of the County of Suffolk, assembled at the Allizes held at Bury St. Edmunds, on Thursday the 28th Day of July 1748, which Petition was presented to the House upon the 8th Day

of this instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for holding the Summer Allizes for the County of Suffolk at the County Town of Ipswich;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for ,hc Yeas$£ TyZham: } 1

Teller, for the Noe^lo^C!","rf',) j».

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, ij* die 5

Anno 22* Georgii II. Regis, 1748.

mondsey, St. Mary Lambeth, late Part of

St. Saviour, and St. Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, is referred.

Mr. Barbor reported from the Committee, to whom Wakerl«y the Bill for confirming and establishing an Agreement for &c. dividing and inclosing certain open Fields and Lands, in foclosure. the Manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in the County of Northampton, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards defy:red the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for repairing the Road from the West Cowgate, \*«wca0c near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, by or through upo.Tyne Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Bel-Jay-Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland, was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ridley,

Mr. Allgood, Mr. Blackett, Mr. Mellish, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. WiUunfon, Mr. Ord, Sir John Ramsden, Mr.

Orme, Mr. Bacon, Sir Chaloner Ogle, Mr. Bowes, Colonel Ellison, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Proby, Mr. Al-fton, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Carter, Mr. Ker,

Mr. Whitworth, Sir John Turner, Mr. Lockyer, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Neale, Colonel CormMr. , Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Farrington, Mr.

Cornewall, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Clayton, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, York, Cumberland, and (Vest-moreland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalftone have Leave to go into Leave <£ the Country for Two Months, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cafions.

Mr. Cornewall presented to the House, according to office of Order, a Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Co- Coroner, roner: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Colleton presented to the House, according to Of- AkUoitfcjp der, a Bill for naturalizing Magdalen: And the Nau

lame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House way* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and Mean*, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Pkayiib.

/ORDERED, That Sir Rich, Wrottesley, Mr. Brand, V Mr. Offley, Lord Trent ham, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Wm. Lev. Gower, Mr. Bap. Lev. GMr. Rich. Lev. Gower,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Tradesmen and Shopkeepers within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. viour, St, Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen -

n

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houser to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Sit

SuppJr-

a % Geo. II. 170 Februar 747

Kilburn Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Roads* whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in ExecutionTwo Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn , in the County of

Middlesex, and Sparrows in the Coutity of Hert-

ford, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and lie read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

An Act, passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County ‘ of Middlesex, and Sparrows Hern, in the County of Hertford; and also, an Act, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for continuing the Term granted by the first-mentioned Act, and for making the same more effectual; were read: And,

Joseph Taylor Esquire, laid before the Committee, an Account of the Money which had arisen by the Tollsgranted by the said Acts; and also, of the Expences attending the Repairs of the Road therein mentioned} whereby it appeared, That there is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the said Acts, the Sum of 2,700 and upwards.

Then the following Witness was called; viz.

Mr. Francis Page, Surveyor of the Highway, who, being examined, laid, That, although the Money arising by the Tolls, as also the Money borrowed on the Credit thereof, had been duly applied, as directed by the said Acts, yet many Parts of the said Road are out of Repair; and, as the Price of Materials for amending the same are increased, a large annual Expence will be required to be laid but thereon; therefore the Debt due and owing, together with the Interest, cannot be repaid, and the Highway effectually amended, unless the Term and Powers, granted by the said Acts, which expire the ift of May 1754, be further continued:

And he added. That the Toll now paid by Waggons, which travel that Way, is so small, the same is not diffident to repair the Damage done by them upon the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne, in the County of And that

Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Hamden, Mr. West, and Mr. Horsemonden Turner, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Luther's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Marriage explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage-Settlement. Settlement of Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte his Wile; and for making the same more effectual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leominster A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Roads, by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his p re lent Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of in the County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harley, Mr. Prowse, Lord Bateman, Sir Merdaunt, Sir Edw.

Vol. 25.

Deering, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Wodehouf Lord Dupplin, Mr. Kynaftonj Mr. Pytts, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Seville,

Mr. Grey, Sir Tho. Egerton, Dr. Newland, Mr.

Mr. Craven, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gwym, Mr. Norborne Berkeley, Sir Walt. Wag. Bagot, Mr. Peachy, Lord Geo.

Bentink, Earl of Egmont, Sir Robert de Cornwall, Sir Wat.

Wms. Wynne, Mr. Nor they. Sir N. Curzon, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Drake, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Compton, Lord Strange, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Morton, Sir James Mr. Butler, Mr. Hervey, Mr. Powney, Sir John St. Au-bin, Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellows, Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Cha, Sedley, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Sir John Hind Cotton, Sir John Abdy, Sir Dashwood,

Mr. Affleck, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Blackett, General Camp bell, Mr. Crewe, Lord Gage, Sir Tho. Mr. South-

well, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Vymer, Sir Edw. Isham, Mr. Sy-monds, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cadogan, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Fox,

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Aldworth, Lord Ancram, Mr. John Bofcawen, Mr.

Churchill, Mr. Colbrooke, Colonel Elliot, Mr. Fane, Mr,

Cha. Frederick, Mr. Glanville, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr.

Trevor, Mr. Hen. Vane, Mr. Bluett Wallop, Mr. White-head, Mr. Capel Hanbury, Mr. Hope Weir, Captain John Montagu, Mr. Medlicott, Lord John Murray, Colonel Mostyn, Mr. Per. Paulett, Lord Panmure, Mr.

Mr. Corny ns, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Brand, Captain Haldane, Mr. P. , Lord Burgheley, Mr. Wm. Chetwynd, junior. Lord Bury,

Lord Dalkeith, Sir Wm. Coddrington, Mr. Geo. Edge-tumbe. Sir Francis Drake, ' Mr. Whitworth, Colonel Fitzroy, Lord Hartington, Mr. Bcnkes Hodgskinson, Sir Hum. Howarth, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Metcalfe,

Mr. Offley, Sir Francis Poole, Sir WmBea. Prottor, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Mr. Syd.

Smith, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Hor. Walpole, junior, Mr. Cha.

Wallop, Mr. West, Sir Rich. Wrottesley, Mr. Philip Torke, Mr. Cha. Torke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Gloucester, Worcester, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Bailiff, Justices of the Peace, Capital Burgesses, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Leoin the County of Hereford, presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, ,to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Cornewallreported from the Committee, to whom Hereford the Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are Ro«4». thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table t Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was produced, and Part thereof read; whereby a Term of Twenty-one Years was granted, commencing the First Day of July 1730. Then*

Mr. Thomas Luntley was called; and, being examined, said. That the Money collected, in pursuance of the before-mentioned Act, has been duly applied in repairing the Roads, excepting £.75 which is now in the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Trustees: And he further said, That the Roads are dill in so bad Condition, that the same cannot be repaired and kept amended by the Performance of Statute-work only.

Mr. John Castell, and Mr. Thomas Wright, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence given' by Mr.

Thomas Luntley, as to the bad Condition the Roads were

in,

Luther's

Marriage

Settlement.

Punching Mutiny and Desertion*

748 17* — 20* Februarii.

in, and the Impracticability of amending and keeping the same in Repair, unless some further Provision be, for that Purpose, made by Parliament.,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year or the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford: And that Mr. Comewail, the Lord Harley, Lieutenant-General Comewail, and Colonel Leighton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage-Settlement of Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte his Wife; and for making the same more effectual, for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters;

Ordered, That the several Books, containing Rules and Articles of War, together with the several Papers relating thereto, which have been presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Book, intituled, " Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Land Forces," published by his late Majesty's Command, in the Year 17 ij, which was presented to the House upon the 28th Day of February 1745, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Land Forces, presented to vthe House upon the 4th Day of February 1717, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee:

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

ei. 1748.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 200 die Februarii;

Anno 22* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

Pka tees.

SIR Nathanael Curzon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and making, more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel im the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of Laucafier; and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, Agent to the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, an Account of the Bounties paid in on

the Exportation of British and Irish coarle Linens, from 10th of November 1747, to the 12th of December 1748, inclusive, out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, pursuant to a Clause in an Act, passed in the 20th Year of his Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Manchester

Roads.

0

Bounties <m Linens exported*

D

eg'

n‘

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg.

FT

S

t*

m

An ACCOUNT of the Bounties paid in Scotland, on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens, from the ioth of November 1747, to the 12th of December 1748, inclusive,

out of such Part of the old Subsidy as. is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, pursuant to a Clause in an Act, [raffed in the 20th Year of his Majesty.

to

.PI

The AM O U N T of the Bounty paid, as by the above Account, is Five thousand'Eight hundred and Seventeen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence Three Farthings.

i:

Custom-House, Edinburgh, 5th January 1748-9.

Richd;

Will'

.. Rd' SopierSj, C*.'Campbell'. M. CardonueL

J

.O

O

Britljk Linen. — -f L Jh Linen. '

PORTS, 1st. r Value under 5 d, per Yard. Value $d. and under 6d. per Yard. Value 6./. and under \id.ptr Yard. A Value \i d. and not exceeding 18 d. pet Yard. r I Value under 1 $d.per Yard. 1 Value 5 d and under -/ 6d. pet Yard" Value 6 d. r and under T2d, per Yard. Value 12 d. ' and not exceeding 18*/. per Yard. SUMS.

Yards! Yards. Yards. Yards. j Yards. Yards. Yards^ Yards.

Aberdeen - - - - 527 10,629^ - m ~ m m - J . £*> N f

Air - * ' - i,901 *>343 453 327 . 708 3*9 5 VJr 8j6 58 19 II

Dumfreis - - - m ' 488 40,886 7*946 9.622 3.609 389 18 6f

Greenock - - m m m - 5>558 23,150 246,331 59>52 7 455 '5 7>6o5 105,633 3,665 10 8

Leith ' r* ' 493 - . 7»®>4i 799* m~i Am - . 1 - m 49 6 of.

JPorr Glasgow- - T m' r 7>4* 3 86,6111 J , . ' 40.499^ 32»478 i'i T»?35 4: 6|

Receiver-General Edinburgh ?- m.': -s 2,069 32.3 30i 9,66if 4,598t 8,063 350 3 Mi

- . J 6*P51 35»548 426,146^ ui, ao2f 1 J 327: ~ J l»,63. 216,2^4- 150,619 ' 5,817 16- 3$

o

o

-K

s.'

.j

>4

'\0

St,

' ' A

Wansford

Brr.lge

Hoad.

Rogers* Estate.

W*lwlejrf

&C.

Inclosure.

Barium's

Name.

Futilfttfng Mutiny and Desertion.

Broughton

Tythea.

750 20* Februarii. 1748.

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Rm&i'* to be perused by the Members of the House. dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Rash Gentleman, with Dirorce.

Dorothy , his now Wife, and to enable him to marry Mr. Barbor presented to the House, according to again: and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was Order, a Bill for effectually amending and repairing the read a Second time.

Road leading from IVamford Bridge, in the County of Refo, That the Bill be committed.

Northampton, to the Town of Stamford \in the County of Refo, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First of the whole House.

time. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second time, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

Mr. Robinson Morris reported from the Committee, to Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An mittee, That theydohearCounfel, andexamineWitnessc$,

Act for impowering the Committee of the Estate of John for the said Bill: And also, That they do hear Counsel,

Rogers Esquire a Lunatic, to make Surrenders and and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties Leases of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of the said concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or to produce Lunatick, during his Lunacy, was committed, That the Witnesses.

Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

and found the same to be true; and that the Parties Ordered, That the Lord Sir Southwark

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill to the Sir Rich.Wrottesley, Mr. A/dworth, Mr. Atfton, Mr. Robert Satisfaction of the Committee 5 and that the Committee Barbor, Mr. Brand, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Gore, Mr. New-fcec*. had gone through the Bill, s{nd made an Amendment Gafhry, Mr. Wm. Lev. Gower, Mr. Baptist Lev. thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the Mr. Lev Gower, Mr. Mr, Richard,

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and after- Mr. Reve/l, Mr. John , Mr. Mellish, Mr. Nugent, be wards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment wks read; and principal Inhabitants and Landholders of the Parishes of is as followeth; viz. St. John Southwark, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and

Prels 6. Lines. After ,c understanding," insert "for St. Mary Rot her hit h, in the County of Surry, whose Names " any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty- are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

" one Years, to take Effect in Possession and not in

" Reversion, or by way of future fnterest.'* A Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving of WHttlefey

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, several Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Drainage, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Precincts of Whittlesey, in the ljle of Ely, in the County House. of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Refo, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Torke, An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing an Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Jenyns, Lord , Mr. Smithe, Mr.

Agreement for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields Hill, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mr. Cocks, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

and Lands, in the Manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in Frankland, Mr. Colleton, Lord Harley, Mr. Northey, Mr.

the County of Northampton, was read the Third time. Villiers, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Gore, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fellows, Lord Dupplin, Mr. be, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agree- Montagu, Mr. Aldtvorth, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Finch, Ix>rd ment for dividing and inclosing certain open Fields and Baltimore, Lord Dalkeith, Sir , Mr.

Lands, in the Manors of Wakerley and Wittering, in the Mr. Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr.

County of Northampton. ‘Tracey-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties Ordered, That Mr. Barbor do carry the Bill to the of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, and Lincoln: And they Lords, and desire their Concurrence. are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Fofier Barham Esquire, and his Issue, to The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Law* retake and use the Surname of Barham, pursuant to the YVill resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fije&in the

of Henry Barham Esquire deceased, was read a Second upon the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing time. into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the e *r*‘

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tp Lord Gage, Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces Sir John Rufhout, Earl of Egmont, Mr. Prowse, Mr. by Sea;

Cornewa/l, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Powney, Sir John CnH, Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Lord Baltimore, Mr. Givynne, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lyjler, Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Willes, Mr. whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Tracey,

Mr. Turner, Sir Edmund Thomas Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Nil- The other Order of the Day being read;

gent. Sir John Turner, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Greatheed, Sir The House resolved itself into a Committee of the PanHhug

Wm. Irby, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Compton, Mr. Smith, whole House, toconsider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny tod Mr. Sydenham, Lord Strange, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Affleck, Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of Defeitkm. Lord Doneraile, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Torke: the Army, and their Quarters.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

in the Speaker's Chamber. t The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. King Gould, Deputy Judge Advo- The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, cate, do attend the Committee of the whole House, who That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; are this Day to consider further of the Bill for punishing and that he was directed by the Committee to move.

Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of That they may have Leave to fit again.

lhe Army, and their Quarters. Ref, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Ordered, That Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. War bur ton, Mr, Lyjler, be added to the Committee

to whom the Bill for settling a certain yearly Payment to And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

the Reftorof Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for the Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Time being, in lieu of Tythes j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; it committed. il

22 Geo. II.

2i® Febru

Brom (grove, Ik. Road.

Broughton

Tythe.

Aid worth'* Mat.

Worcester, *c. Road*.

Marti:, 2i* die Februarii \

Anno 22* Georgii II41 Regis, 1748. Prayers.

JlfAGDALEN Aldworth took the Oaths appointed in order to her Naturalization.

The Lord Deerhurst reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

Mr. Edward Bearcroft laid. That the Road from Dyers Bridge, through the Town of Bromsgrove, to

Spadejbourne Brook, is in a very ruinous Condition, and very much broke up, occasioned by many heavy Carriages constantly passing thereon with Coals from Dudley to Droitwich, and other Places: That very great Quan-

tities of Coals are used in the Salt-works at Droitwich; and that sometimes Thirty Waggons pass the said Road in a Day, and return many of them loaded with Salt.

Sir William Stanhope reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling a certain yearly Payment to the Refto'r of Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for naturalizing Magdalen Aldworth, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colleton, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Powney, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay Mr.

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Morton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Parker, Mr. Child, Mr. Grey, Mr. Hill, Sir John Pennington, Mr.

Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Williams, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Nevmham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. 'Thornton, Sir Wm. Stanhope, Mr. White, Mr. Comewall, Sir Edward Dering: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the major Part of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well for the putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway or Road leading from the City of Worcester to the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, as for putting in Execution One other Act of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said first-mentioned Act, and for making the same more effectual, and for repairing other Roads, therein mentioned, in the said County of Worcester, assembled the 6th Day of February 1748, at the Dwelling-house of Anne Bedford, Innholder, situate in Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, pursuant to an Adjournment of the last Assembly of several of the Trustees assembled at the City of Worcester, for the Purposes aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, that several of the Trustees for putting the said Acts in Execution have, in a clandestine and private Manner, and without any publick Assembly for that Pur-Voj., 25.

751

pose, and without previous Notice to the said Petitioners, or so much as asking their Consent or Concurrence thereunto, petitioned the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by the Acts aforesaid; but in regard the said Roads, mentioned in the said Acts, are now in good and fulfi-cient Repair; and for that the Money borrowed and secured, and now remaining due, on the Tolls thereof, will, by the same Tolls, be paid off long before the Expiration of the present subsisting Term; and as the ordinary Method prescribed by Law, will, for the future, amend and keep the same respective Roads in good and sufficient Repair; therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and not suffer the said Bill to pals into a Law, for the Realons aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Worcester, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Droitwich, and of &c-the several Parishes of Salwarp and Hampton Lovett, in the County of Worcester, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That Two Acts of Parliament passed, the One in the 1 zth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for repairing the Highway leading from the City of Worcester to the said Borough of Droitwich, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for enlarging the Term granted by the before-mentioned Act, for making the same more effectual, and for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; and that the Petitioners are informed. That Application has been made this Session of Parliament, to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by the Acts aforesaid: And further setting forth. That the Lanes called Baggbridge Lane and Frogg Lane, within the said Town of Droitwich, are in ruinous Conditions, occa-floned by the heavy Carriages of Salt and Coal to and from the Salt-works Handing and being at the End of each of the said Lanes; but the Money collected at the several Turnpikes, from the Waggons carrying such Salt and Coal up and down the said Lanes, has been always applied towards the repairing the said Highways in the said Two several Acts mentioned, and no Part thereof in repairing and keeping in Repair the said Two Lanes; and whereas also the common Highway leading from Hetherwich Bridge, within the said Town of Droitwich, to a Place called Ilarvington Village, in the Parish of Chadeftcy Corbett, in the direct Road to the Borough of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester; the Highway leading from the lower End of the said Town of Droitwich, up a Hill called Harris's Hill, to a Brook called Boycot Brook, in the Parish of Salwarp, towards the Borough of Bewdley, in the same County; and the High-. way leading from the Bottom of the Hospital in the said Town of Droitwich, to a Place called Primflanes End, in the direct Road to the Borough of Evesham, in the said County; are, by the heavy Carriages of Salt, Coal, and other Commodities, become very ruinous, and out of Repair: And forasmuch as great Part of the Money collected at the said Turnpikes is paid by the Waggons carrying Salt and Coal to and from the said Salt-works at the End of the said Bagg Bridge and Frogg Lanes; and in regard the same Lanes, or the said other Roads or Highways cannot, by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law in this respect, be repaired and amended, unless feme Provision be made by Parliament for railing Money for that Purpose: Therefore praying, That, in case Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, Provision may be made therein for amending, and keeping in Repair, the several and respective Lanes and Roads aforesaid, to the respective Places aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And

21° Februa

A 1748.

And it is referred; to Sir C Key.\ Mr. Cocks,

Mr. Fox. Mr. Ridley, Mr. Sir Wm.

Mr. Elliot, Mr. Morton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. , Mr.

Allgood, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mr. Mr.

\Chetwynd, Mr. Pozvney, Earl of Mr. harbor. Sir John Ehtoell, Mr. Kynafi Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Plumptre, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Fane, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of WorcGloucester, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend, for Persons, Papers, and Records.

KIngfton Ordered, That Lord How, Mr. Smith, Sir Peter tipon Thames fan, Sir Richard Clayton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Philip Yorke, Hoads. Mr. Capel, Mr. Hanbury, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading froiri the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, tp a Place called Sheet Bridge, near in the County of Southampton, is referred.

Norton juxta Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom Tw'icross the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Inclosure. Award, for inclosing and dividing the Heaths, Wastes, Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township of Norton juxta Twicrtfs, in the County of was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that she Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they h id directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was oijce read; and then a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, 'Hut the Bill, with the Amendment, be in-grofied.

Luther'* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage- for explaining and amending a Power given by the Mar-Settlement. riage-Settlement of Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte his Wife; and for making the same more effectual for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Scrope, Lord Luxborough, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Revel, Sir Lord Par-

ker, Mr. Henley, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Ridley, Sir John Abdy, Mr. Saudys, Mr. Brereton, Mr.

ley, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Winnington, Colonel Bofcatven, Colonel Mir damn. Colonel Borland, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. White, Lord Deerhurst, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Monson, Mr. Earle, Mr. Mr.

Finch,. Mr. Colleton, Mr. Proby; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Kinofton A Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders liv-upon Thame* ing in and near the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in lt°a s. jjie county of Surry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Petition hath been presented to the House, for the repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town o upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton; and that the Road between the Eait End of a Lane called Mamgate Lane, near the Town of Kingston upon Thames aforesaid, to the Beginning of the Pavement in the said Town, and from the End of the Pavement of the said Town to the South End of the said Town, through which Road many Coaches and heavy Carriages do frequently pass, is very

ruinous and bad, and in many Places thereof narrow, and cannot be sufficiently repaired by the ordinary Course of the Laws provided for that purpose: Arid therefore praying. That Provision may be made for repairing-the said Road, in Inch Bill or Bills as shall be brought into the House for repairing the Roads aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on tchalfof themselves, and others living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the down of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to St. Lct:»«rd'* whom the Petition of the Vicar, Churchwardens, Ov.r- Shoicdiich seers of the Poor, Constables, and other the principal Streets-Parishioners and Inhabitants, of the P 11i!h of Leonard,

Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to tin m, to the House; and he read the Report in his Plate; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Iu Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Air. VeterStutzer produced a 13- ok, containing the

Proceedings of the Veilry of the said Parish; wherein a Resolution of such Vestry is entered, for the Parish oners applying to Parliament lor an Act for m< re efifcdlual repairing the Highways, and for settling a regular Watch, and for better enlightening the Streets, Lanes, and other open Places and Passages, within the said Parish.

Mr. Francis Cartwright, Parish-Clerk, said. That he gave publick Notice, the preceding Sunday, that a Vestry would beheld, for the Purposes aforesaid, on Tuesday the 31st January 1748; and that af fuel) Vestry it was unani- mouilv agreed to apply for an Act of Parliament lor the Purposes aforesaid.

Mr. William Cook said, That frequent Robberies are committed in that Part of the Parish called Hoxton, which might probably be prevented, it the Parish was regularly watched and lighted.

Mr. John Webfier said, That the whole Parish is very

badly lighted and watched, and which he apprehends is the Realbn that so many Robberies and Accidents happen.

Mr Francis Barnes laid. That he was Conllanle la ft Year; and that then some paid, and others refilled to pay, the Watch-money, telling him. He had no Right to demand any: And that Ho/ywel/fireetLiberty is very large, and has only Four Watchmen allowed, who are lo indifferently paid, that they will not give a proper and due . Attendance.

Mr. John Webfier said, That the Four Roads called Hoxton, Old-firect, Hog Lane, and The Curtain, are not

within the Provisions of any Acts for erecting of Turnpikes; and are so bad, that Carriages cannot pass with Safety; and that he has known Instances where Horses have been (mothered in the Mire, and has seen Carriages overturned therein:

And he added. That he is of Opinion the Performance of Statute-work, and an additional Rate of 6 in the Pound would be inefficient to put the said Roads into a proper Repair; and the rather, as the Parish is obliged by Agreement to pay £. 4.5 per Annum to the Trustees for repairing thq Roads from the Stones End in Shoreditch to Eitdfield, in the county of ; and the

further Sum of £. 25 per Annum to the Trustees for repairing the Roads from Shoreditch Church, through Hackney, to Mile-End, in lieu of the Statute-work to be done, by the said Parish, on such Parts of the Roads within the said Parish as are within the Roads directed to be repaired by the said Acts.

it Geo. II. a r F&m 75$

Mr. Truifith Aid. That be h*s^served the Office of Scavenger, and collided the Rate of jd in the Pound; bat, by Refufels of several to pay,' and the great, Poverty of many others of the Inhabitants, and the vast Quantities of Dirt and Filth laid down in their Streets, the Rate did never effectually answer the Purpose*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better repairing the Highways, and denoting the Streets, within the Ptirish of Sf. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex \ and for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and.bedels, within the said Parish: And that Sir Hugh SyiiHtfm, Mr.

HorjemondenTurner, and Sir William Beauchamp do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Egham Ordered, That the Lord , Mr. , Sir

Causeway John Cust, Mr. Bacon, Mr. , Sir John Aubin, Bridge?0* Mr. Gybbon, Lord Parker, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Contew} Mr. Betchier, be added to

the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution, under the Controul of the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal, for the Time hieing, an Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Maintenance and Well-keeping of Stains Bridge and Causeway,

being the Highway from London to the West Parts of England, is referred.

Worcester, A Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers fcc. oa a. grante(j and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of,

through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of and also for re-

pairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley in the same County; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Winnington. Lord Parker, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Elliot, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Trevanion, Mr. Fox, Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Jenyus, Mr. Grey, Mr. Child, Mr. Cocks, Mr. , Mr. Barbor, Lord

plin, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. Bathurst; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester, Warwick, Gloucester, and Hereford And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the , Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgin the County of Woreef-ter, through the Town of Bromsgrove, to a Bridge called Spadeftioume Bridge, in the said County of Worcester.

Anflruther Mr. Andrew Mitchell presented to the House, accord-Easter Town frig to Order, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Debt*, fcc. $cots Upon every Sro/j-Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of and Liberties

thereof: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

t

Roger*' An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Mate. for impowering the Committee of the Estate of John Rogers Esquire, a Lunatick, to make Surrenders and Leafesof the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of the said Lunatick, during his Lunacy, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Morris do carry the Bill

Vol. *5.

to the Lords, and apyuaint them. That this House hath agseed to the , Bill,-with an Amendment: To which Amendment this Hovfe doth desire the Concurrence of their LqpdPvips.

Ordered, That Mr. Bodvile, Mr. Fr. Mr. Leominster

Farrington, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Confer, Mr. K. Williams,

Mr. Alfton, Mr. Wm. Herbert, Lord Robert Manners,

Sir Thomas H*ywtt, Sir Wm. Middleton, Mr. Biffc Richards, Colonel Afor daunt, Mr. Anson, General Mor-dannt, Lord Barring ton, Mr. Middleton, Lord H. Beauclerk, Colonel Holmes, Lord Geo. Mr. Rey-

nolds, Lord Fere Beauclerk, Sir Bouck Wrey, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Butler, Lord Duucamm, Mr. Corbett,

Mr. Earle, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr.

Harris, Mr. Wm.Lev. Gower, Mr. Hick. Herbert, Mr.

Rich. Lev. Gower, Mr. Kent, Mr. Robert Herbert, Colonel Townshend, Lord How, Colonel Waldegrave, Lord

Conway, Mr. Hor. Walpole senior. Lord Trent bam, Mr.

Hot. Walpole junior, Mr. Fane, be added to the Com- '

mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hertford-, and for making the Cud Act more effectual; is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing George William - Renner', ner, was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing George Wiliam Renner.

Ordered, That M r.Wilfmdo carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable and oblige Charles Fitzroy Esquire, pittroy'a and Frances his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, to take Name, and ule the additional Sumame, and bear the Arms of Scudamore, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Corne-watl, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Colleton, Sir Edmund Thomas,

Mr. Finch, Colonel Bofcawen, Colonel Mostyn, Colonel CornwaVis, Mr. Watson, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Carmichael,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Mr.

Whitworth, Mr. Williams, Lord Harry Beauclerk, Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Earle, Lord Harley, Sir Ho-

wartk, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Fane, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Proby, Mr. Frederick; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, and Gloucester, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer, and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lori Fane'* Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of Estate Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of Devon, and in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of , for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and also for settling another Estate, in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof* and for securing a Rent-charge to Mary Viscountess Fane, as a Compensation for her Elute for l.ife in the Premises, in the County of Devon: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have ]«fled a Bill, intituled, An Act for Han-Ton'* authorizing and impowering Thomas Harrison to take and Name, use the Surname of Kimpfon, in Performance of a Condition contained in the Will of Thomas Kimpfon, Clerk, deceased: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lor<i Fane'* for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of Estate. Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of Devon, and in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of

9 F land.

Statutes of Hue and Cry.

a niton Airear of Land Tax.

754 2i* — la* Februarii. A. 1748.

land, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances j and also for settling another Estate, in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof; and for securing a Rent-charge to Mary Viscountess Fane, as a Compensation for her Estate for Life in the Premises, in the County of Devon j was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Satutes of Hue and Cry.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Powney took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Powney reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon this Day Seven night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurity 22° die Februarii; Anno 22* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1748. Pratkrs.

rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this prrfent Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause or Clauses for the Relief of the Petitioners, as to the Arrears of Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748, as mentioned in the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir William Y be added to the Gentlemen wHb are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hanifon'* for authorizing and itnpowering Thomas Harrt/on to fake N*me. and use the Surname of Kimpfon, in Performance of a Condition contained in the Wili ot Thomas Kimpfon, Clerk, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Jenyns presented to the House, according to Order, Wilbech a Bill for en.arging the Term and Powers granted by an Ro*L Act, made the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns ot Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge: And the feme w«s received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A PETITION of the Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and others, being Sufferers by Fire, in the Town and Borough of Houston, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on Sunday the 19th Day of July 1747, a sudden and most dreadful Fire happened in the Town and Borough of Honiton aforesaid, by which more than One-half of the Houses of the said Town was burnt down j which unhappy Accident necesserily occasioned a considerable Deficiency in the Land Tax of the Houses so burnt, and Stock in Trade, from Midsummer 1747, to Midsummer 1748, amounting to the Sum of Sixty-four Pounds and Seven Shillings; and from Midsummer 1748, to Christmas 1748, the Sum of Thirty-two PoundsThree Shillings and Six Pence; in the Whole, the Sum of Ninety-six Pounds Ten Shillings and Six Pence j and in the Window Tax, and Tax on Houses, from Lady-day 1747, to Lady-day 1748, the Sum of Seventeen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, as appears by the several Schedules, to the said Petition annexed; and that the Proprietors of the several Houses, and Owners of the said Stock in Trade, by reason of their feid Lois, and the Loss of their Goods and Stock, in Trade, are reduced to low Circumstances, and incapable to pay the said Arrears; and that, by means of the Poverty of the said Inhabitants, who were intirely unprovided in Materials for building, very few Houses, if any, have been built and finished; and at least Three Parts, or more, of the said Houses so burnt are not yet begun to be rebuilt: And therefore praying, That the House will- take the distressed Condition and Circumstances of the Petitioners into Consideration, and prevent any Process issuing out of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer against the acting Commissioners on the Land Tax of the said County and Division, and the Collectors of the Lind Tax, House and Window Tax, within the said Town and Parish, on account of such Arrears; and that the House will excuse them from paying the said Arrears, and exempt them from any Payment until the said burnt Houses shall be rebuilt, and fit for the Inhabitants to reside in, or for such Time as the House shall think fit; or that the Petitioners may have such further and other Relief in the Pre-miles as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for *3

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Menu, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being' read, for the House to Lawsrespect resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself intoa Committee of the whole Punishing House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mu- Mutiny mk tiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Defcnion- 1 Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they bad made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning,

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Southwark Small Debts.

22 Geo. II. 2$ Februarii.

Jovisy 23* die;

Anno zt* Georgii II4* Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Be/chier reported from the Committee to whom' the Petition of the several Tradesmen and Shop-' keepers within the Town and Borough of and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen BSt. Mary Lambeth, Christ-Church, late Part of St. Saviour, and St. Mary at Rot her hit h, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, as well on behalf ot themselves, as of all others trading or inhabiting within the said Borough, Parishes, and Liberties, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

Mr. John Symmonds was examined: Who said, That he is well acquainted with the Borough of,

and knows most of the Inhabitants: That great Numbers of Tradesmen in the said Borough are, from the Nature of their respective Trades, under a Necessity of giving Credit to their Customers for ImallSums, particularly to Journeymen and Labourers, who receive their Wages weekly; and 'tis very usual fir such Persons to refule to pay the Debts they have lb con traded, being satisfied, that the Expence the Creditor mull incur, in Pursuit of his Demands, will be a sufficient Discouragement to him not to commence a Suit in the Borough, or Marshal's Court; where the Colts, before he can proceed to Judgment, amounts to about £/l for. and for Judgment, by way of Default, to £3. ioj.

Mr. Richard Shaw confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Symmonds, as to the Necessity which Tradesmen are under of giving Credit to the poor Inhabitants: And added. That he has been a great Sufferer by it, his Debtors setting him at Defiance; and that he is obliged frequently to fit down with the Loss of ioj. or 20; there being no Method of recovering it at a less Expence than Four or Five Pounds.

Mr. William Steward, being examined, said, The Expence of a Suit in the Borough, or Marftial's Court, for a small Debt, amounts to Four or Five Pounds; though such Debt may be recovered in the City of London for Five Shillings.

And all the Witnesses agreed. That a more easy and speddy Method for Tradesmen to recover their just Debts at a small Expence, would tend to the promoting Industry and Uicful Credit, and be equally advantageous to Debtor and Creditor.

Upon the Evidence herestated, your Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, St. Mary

Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rot her hit h, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and liberties of the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the moie easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the several

Pan flies of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Church, St. Maty Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and liberties of the fame: And VvL. 1$.

that Mr. Belchier, Sir Peter Y and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

An ingrossed Bill for settling a certain yearly Payment Broughton to the Rector of Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for Tythe*. the Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And t hat the Title be.

An Act for settling a certain yearly Payment to, the Rector of Broughton, in the County of Bufor the Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir William Stanhope do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenrh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway

between a certain Place calied Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rfoived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kilburn

Bridge

Roau.

Mr. Oswald presented to the House, according to Or-

Kinghorn

der, a Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One- Harbour, Sec. sixth Part <\f a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, a d Liberties thereof: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing the Heaths, Wastes, Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township of Norton junta TwicroJ's, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award* for inclosing and dividing the Heaths, Wastes,

Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township of -ton junta Twicross, in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Piumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to BorougHbridg* whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentle- &c. Road, men, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the North Riding of the County of York, as also the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge to Piers Bridge, in the said County; whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's -Table: Where the same was read; and is as Ibiloweth; vix.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

The Act, of the 16th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, was read; whereby it appeared. That all Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, laden with Coals, are exempted from the Payment of any Tolls or Duties by the said Act imposed, at any time between the First Day of May and the Thirtieth Day of OBuber in each Year, and are only chargeable with One-fourrh Part of the said Duties or 'l olls, in respect of their passing and repassing the said Road at any time from the 30th Day of October to the First Day of May in each Year, during the Continuance of the said Act: And,

Mr. Ralph Hutchinson, Treasurer and Clerk to the Commissioners, informed the Committee, That great Pro-

gress

Norton juxta Twicroft loclosure.

Ellerfoet

Harbour.

75<*

grefi had been made in repairing the fipd Bead; hptthat

it would be impossible to amend the fiune thoroughly* unless a Duty were laid upon Carriages laden with Coals, which do more Prejudice to the Road than any other Carriages whatever, and particularly from Michaelmas to November in each. Year, when they pay no Duty at all:

That the said, Carriages laden with Coals receive great Advantage from the Repair of the said Roads during the Summer as well as the Winter Months, since they draw as great a Weight now with Two Horses as they could have done heretofore with Three, even in Summer.

And the said Witness further informed your Committee. That he apprehended the said Act to be defective in several other Particulars; for that there is no Power thereby given to punish Persons going through private Grounds to avoid the Payment of the Tolls, though the Owners of such Grounds are thereby subjected to a Penalty; nor is there any Power to compel the several Parishes to do their Statute-work.

Then the Witness produced to the Committee the original Account Book of Receipts and Disbursements of the said Trufh.es} whereby it appeared. That £. 4*000 had been borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls, which had been laid out on the find Road j and that the gross Income of the said Tolls at an Average, amounted to £. 400 a Year; l'o that he laid it was impossible to pay the Interest of the Money borrowed, and amend the remaining Patt of the Road, which is 33 Miles in Length, without an Enlargement of the Term and Powers of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in s Bill for enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Road from the Town of Borough* bridge to the Town of Catherick, in the North-Hiding of the County of York, and from thence to Piers , on the River Tees, in the said Riding; and for making the said Act more effectual: And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Wilkinson, and Sir John fymfden, do prepare and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Pennington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of El Unfoot, in the County of Cumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed $0 by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

A. 1748.

deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of the Incumbrances charged upon the same by virtue of, and under, his Will: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for impowehng the Committee of the Estate of John Rogers R'quire, a Lunatick, to make Surrenders and Leases of the Freeh Id and Leasehold Estates of the said Lunatick, during his Lunacy.

And then Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands lying in Denver, Upwe/l, Out well, and Welney, within

the Isle of Ely, County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Oswald, Lord Dup-plin, Lord Harley, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Amyand, Sir Wm.Yonge, Mr. Legge, Mr. Syuenham, Mr. Williams,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Blackett, Lord Barrington, Mr. Powney, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. , Mr. Win-

nington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr. Fane, Mr. Corne-wall, l.ord Gage, Mr. Mellish, Mr, White, Mr. Chester, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Warburton, Sir Nath.

Zen-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Lincoln, Norfolk, and Suffolk:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from North , in the County of Northumberlad, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: W here the Amendments, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, that the Bill with the Amendments', be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

25* — 24* Februarii.

Watlington Colonel Townfield presented to the House, according Inclosure. Order, a Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Com* moos and Wastes within the Manor and Parifl* of Watlington, in the County of Norfolk: and the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Mcfiage from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

Bishop of The Lords have passed a Bill, intitulled. An Act for Sail (bury* applying Part of the personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord a e* Btlhop of Salisbury for the Purchasing of Lands or Rent9 in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: and also. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for ~ te' veiling the real Estate late of John Lockwood Gcntfejqan, *3-

1 '-,1 ——

Vetter is y 24* die 5

Anno 22* Georgii II. Regis, 1748.

Pr Arms.

MR. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Magdalen Aldworth, sas committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directrd him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the One pallid in the Ecventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First,

and

" t

Rogers

Effete.

Office of Conmer.

Denver, &c. Drainage.

North

Shields

Road.

Aid worth'1

Nat.

Minehester

Roads,

22 Geo. II.

240 Februa

7i7<

and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of hU present Ordered, That the Bill, with the'Amendments, ~be in-

Majesty,' for repairing the Roads leading firbm Sher brookgrossed.

Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith,' in the County

'5.'7OW" *"*" in *h5 The House was moved, That an Act, made in the

. 1 £ i ®. , . _ An Act for the more effectual preventing the unlawful

re&ed to be repairad by the first-nte.it, ooed Act, was playing Interlude5 within Prfcin|, of the T,0

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyster, Colonel Leighton, Lord Parker, Mr. Dowdefivoll, Mr. Mr. zon, Mr. Prow/e, Sir John Cud, Mr. Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Bathurji, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Lord Harley, Mr. Planter, Mr.

Mr. Gyhhon, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Turner, Mr Trenchard, Mr. Bridgeman, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fairfax, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr. Grey, Lord

Gage, Mr. Pitt; and all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Derby, Chester, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bishop of Stlilbory'* Estate.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for applying Part of the personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord Bishop of Saltfbury for the Purchasing of Lands or Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

UmveVfities in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the Places adjacent; and for explaining and amending: so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon the Retailers of spirituous Liquors, and for licensing the Retail- ers thereof, as pi ay affect the Privilege of the said Universities with respect to licensing Taverns, and all other publick Houses within the Precincts of the fame, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion' was made, and the Question being put. That a Committee be appointed, to cpnfider of the Laws in being to prevent the common Playing of Interludes and to report their Opinion to the House, which of th#m are fit to be repealed;

it passed in the Negative.

Lockwood's

Estate.

virtue of, and under, his Will, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wamford

Bridge.

A Petition of the several Admirals, Captains, and Com- Law* respefL

manders, of or belonging to his Majesty's Royal Navy, ing the Go-

whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to vernmernof

the House, and read; representing to the House, Thattlie avy*

in the Bill, depending in the House, for amending, ex-

a <r- j r- , . , . _ plaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act {^ws rt, sti to the <50Vemment ,f his Majesty's Ships,

for vesting the Inheritance of the real Estate late of >*, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, there am several'Clauses con-LacW Gentlemen deceased, in Trustees, for the Pay- uined which fl, ou|d'the fime past into a Law, wou|d>

?!rtb'jf^umbtances charged upon Mte same by , the petitionere apprehend, greitly tend to the Injury

and Dishonour of the Petitioners, and all other Officers of

his Majesty's Navy, as also to the Detriment of his Ma-

a B-nf rr n. 11 ,. t, , jesty's Service; and that, as the present LaWs for the

A Bill for e^Aually amending and repairing the Road JGoierament of his Majesty s Na^ bave been always

leading from tVamforiBuite the County of Nartb- found suffick.n, for y ^nd abd th' Power of the Lofd

amptm, to the Town of StamforJ, in the County of Lm- High Admiral> co.operating with the Zeal of the Sea-

"h was read a Second time. Officers, hath bean hitherto effectual to secure the Service

fir/a/ued. That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barber, of hofc on (b Half the most preBing Occa-

Sir IFra/rr/ry Lord JvM Lord Traabam, Mr. fi b petitlo, trs £0' t‘hey o,a|l not £. subj|aed to Bap. Lav. Gawar, Mr. KynaJla, Mr. Whuwanh, Strife*. Hardships and Difeouriements that mull attend

PT& v a, LT'oMf- If " Alteration of the present Laws, with regard to them,

d: Mr. Baaa^Mr.ma, ParticuUrs 1 And themfore praying, That they Whu Mr. Man; Mr. Part Thompfia, Harlty, by their Counsel, before the Committee

Mr. CyiwyaJ Mr. BalburJ, Mr Saadys, Mr. IVa poU, tb/who,e Hou|', to whom the &id Bii| is committed,:

Mr. Tamar Mr. PrabyMr. Harjmga, Ml flfal, aga,,ft such Parls tb<,re<)f as they app, cl,end will be mju-

vr- vrr- LMaJ Ma nous to themselves, and the rest if the Officer of his

JVagriir, Mr. Wamapaa Mr. ChU;and all the Mem- Majest >5 N or tba, the Pctili(,ne, may bave such

bits who serve for the Counties of Narlhampu, Lmaoh otbJcr ^lief as t, the House shall seem meet.

Batlaai, HunlmfJon, Cambarlani, NmhumborlaaJ, and A Motion was mad a,d the Question w pro.

Rocbcftrf, Ice. Roads.

York, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Horsemonden Turner reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of the First, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, in Rachester, to Maidstone, find other Roads therein mentioned; and for rendering the same more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fametobetrue; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had dire died him ro report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend merits* in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questkm severally put thereupon* were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments wore made fey the House to the Bill. ‘

Vol. 2 5.

posed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Que£ tion, by adding, after the Word " Table," these Words, " until the Report be received from the Committee df " the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, " explaining, and reducing into One Act' of Parliament " the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty^ " Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, is Committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by theiir COufrrfcl, " upon their Petition, if they think fit

And the Question being put, that those Words be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, 1>*»-

{Lord Marquis of f&r-l

tington, } 225.

Mr. Lyttelton: j

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabte»

- '< ! i .'if

0 G The

Laws respecting the Government of the Nay,.

Punching Mutiny and Desertion.

Kilburn Bridge Road

Aldworth's

Nat

Harrison Name.

Office of Coroner.

Land Tax

Commissionera Names, kc.

758 34° — vffebruarii. A. 1748.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for. amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

LuncCy 2 70 die

Anno 12* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1748. Prayers.

AB I LL. for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrozvs Herne, in the County of Hertford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Beau. ProElor, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Mr. Torke, General Onslow, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Boone,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Sir Dan. Osborne,. Colonel Lee, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Ash, Mr. White, Mr. Allgood, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Mr. Jenyns, Mr. West, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Hun-

ter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex 2nd Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Magdalen was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Magdalen Aid-worth.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Harrison to take and ule the Surname of Kim in Performance of a Condition contained in the Will of Thomas Kimpfon, Clerk, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cufl, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Vane, Sir Edw.

Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. , Colonel Lee, Mr. Fane, Mr. Boone, Mr. Torke, Mr. Allgood, Mr. kinson, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Jenyns, Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hill, Mr. FellMr. Trenchard, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Gore, Lord Trent ham. Sir John Rushout, Mr. Newnham; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Leicester, Lincoln, York, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of his Majesty's Coroners for the County of Kent, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Coroners of different Counties and Liberties in this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Limits, Power, and Nature, of the Office of Coroner may be ascertained, with such Fees annexed, as to the House shall seem'meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Who preappointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for ratifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the

Land Tax, for the Year 174,8; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Par-, iiament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; That they do insert, in the said Bill, a Clause, or Clauses, to facilitate the Recovery of the Eels or Land Tax, granted to his Majesty by an Act of this Session of Parliament, within that Part of Great , called Scotland; and of all Arrears of the Eels or Land Tax, formerly granted by Parliament,-that shall be (landing out unpaid on the 25th Day of March 1749.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom, the Bill for draining and preferring certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, -pall, Witcham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely and County of and all'o in the Parishes of Somersham and with

Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had g;ven their Cqnfentto the Bill, to the Sat'iffastion of the Committee; except several Persons, who, having been apprised of the Contents of the Bi'l, did not object to or oppose the lame, and whose fever..! Properties in the said Lands amount, in the Whole, to One t iouland Six hundred and Seventy-two Acres; and except Garnet, Snaplin, Chriflabella I, Walter Crook, John

Gooafellotv, John Uphindale, the Heirs of lvatt, and Rachael Mare, wh /e respective Places of Abode are unknown, and who are pols-fled, in the Whole, of One hundred Thirty-nine Acres; and except Peter Worselly Esquire, Mrs. Smith, Rowland Ridgly, William Archdeacon, IsaacStevens, Anne PJgott, Anne Richard Grant, Samuel Wright, Robert and Edward

Varnum, and Mrs. Markham, who, upon Application made to them, refused to consent to the Bill, and whole several Properties in the said Lands amount, in the Whole, to Six hundred Twenty-five Acres; and that the Committeehad gone through the Bill, and madefeveral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them', agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill,* with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for confirming an Order and Rule of the Court of Common-Pleas for assessing certain Lands and Tenements, in the Manor of Betlow, to the Parochial Rates and Levies of and in the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertford: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of in

the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Townshend, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Hor. Walpole junior. Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Char. Townshend, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Brand, Mr. Villiers, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. Kent, Mr. Wode-

house, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Elliot, Colonel Conway, General Onslow, Mr. Lyttelton, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Hunter, Sir John Turner, Lord How, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Barne, Mr. Sydenham,

Lord

Sutton, &c. Drainage.

Betlow

ParochiaT

Rates.

Watlington

Inclosarc.

Punishing Mutiny and Desertion.

Hereford

Roads.

E Ilea foot Harbour.

Bishop of Salisbury's Eftmte.

22 Geo. II. 27" — 28* Februarii.~i® Martii.

759

Lord Dupplin, Mr. KynaSon, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Bathurst' and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Ch.iir.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progreis in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they mav have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mar pis, 28° d\

Anno 22* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1748. Prayers.

MR. Cornewall presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act., passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford: And the same was received; and read the First time,

Rffolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, enlarging, and prelervtng, the Harbour o ( Ein the County of Cumberland, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for applying Part of the personal Estate of late

Lord Bishop of Salisbury for the Purchasing of Lands or Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Sir James Lnwther, Sir John Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Geo. Selwyn, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mr. Hervey,

Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Hale, Mr.

Hay, Mr. Fairfax,.Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Plnmptre,

Sir N. Curzon, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Delme, Sir Robert Grofvtnor, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Mr. Child, Sir John Cuff, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr.

Oswald, Vlr. Brookjbank, Mr. Fox, Mr.; and all

the Members who serve for North Britain; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are. to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 25.

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Kinghorn One-sixthP^rt ofp. Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint Harbour, fco. of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of , and

Liberties thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Fairfax, Lord Strange, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mitchell,

Mr . Powney, Mr. Barbor, Lord Advocate of

Mr. Aldworth, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Colleton, Sir

John Cuff, Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Delme, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Ky naff on, Mr. Cornezvall, M r. Hardinge, Mr. Cleveland, Mr.

Brookjbank, Mr. Hay; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. , -

; 1 ' J '

A Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots upon. Anstruther every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be iold vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, withirf e the Town of Anftrtither Easter, and Liberties therepf,;W44i read a Second time.' > . .1

., Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mitchpll,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Clevland, Mr/ Fairfax, Mr--Hardinge, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr.

Sir. Charles Wyndham, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cuff Mr. Sergifon, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Fonnereau, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Powney, Mr. Kynaston', Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Delme, Mr.

Cornewall, General St. Clair, Mr. Gybbon-, and all the-Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for receiving the Statute* of Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Hue and Cry. whom the Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which may, happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committe of the Ralh'* whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Divorce, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Gentleman, with Dorothy Fuller, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bacon took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.,

Mr. Bacon reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence for the Bill; and that no Counselor Party appeared against it; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report trie same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrpw Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriij i° die Martii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Luther'* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Marriage Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Settlement. Marriage-Settlement of Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte his Wife; and for making the same more effectual for the Benefit of the Children of that Marriage; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to

the

76o i° — Marin. 1748.

the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto) which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place) and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read j and is as followeth) viz.

Press 9. Line 3. After '* Portion," insert " to take place at the Death of the said Charlotte or

sooner, if Ihe shall think fit so to direct and appoint." The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Newcastle Mr. Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom upon Tyne the Bill for repairing the Road from the

near the Town of Newc upon Tyne, by or through Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BilJ, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question (eve-rally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grafted.

whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Martit;

Anno 22 Georgii II41 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to Fitzroy's whom the Bill to enable and oblige Charles Fitzroy Name. Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, to takeand use the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Wisbech A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Road*. an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the of . Ely and County of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jenyns, Lord Parker, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Mr. Lloyd, Earl of Egmont, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Mr.

Fane, Mr. Erjkhte, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Mr. Walpole, Mr. Cadogan, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Ridley, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Cambridge, Huntingdon, Norfolk, Suffolk, and L And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, x to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The'Go?* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ▼eminent of ref°lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Navy. the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Punishing The other Order of the Day being read;

I^ierdon. The House resolved itself into & Conunitttee of the

*4

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do.issue his Warrant to the Shrewsbury Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wm* Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, in the room of William Kynaston Esquire deceased.

Mr. Sandys reported from the Committee, to whom Worcester, the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers *- Road‘-granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the tath Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George tire First, for repairing the Roads from the City of through

the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near grove, in the County of Worcester; and also for* repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, an.d made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards deliveoed the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, as far as the Amendment in Folio 7. Line 4. were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 7. Line 4. being read a Second time, which was the List of Commissioners or Trustees to be infected in the Blank left in the Clause for authorizing and inopovr-ering Persons to put the said former Acts aim this present Act in Execution;

An Amendment was made thereto, by adding the Name of Sir John Packington Baronet.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the Name of Sir Thomas Charles Kyte Baronet:

And the Question being put, That Sir Thomas Charles Kyte Baronet be One other of the Trustees for putting

the

Conratt's

Nat.

SFoofltn, Arc. Kuu/aftdret

22 Geo. II.

2® Martii.

the said former Acts and lion;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

this present Act in Execu-

Teller, for lie Y®, f*|r- T"a^< j

{ Mr. Gwynne: \

Tellers for the Noes,

23-

1

3

23-

Colleton:

The Numbers being equal, Mr. Speaker, before he gave his Voice, acquainted the House, That as he could not think a Person of the Hank and Fortune of the Gentleman proposed could be an improper Person to be appointed One of the Commissioners for putting the Act in Execution, he should therefore give his Voice for the Amendment proposed; and he accordingly declared himself to be with the Yeas.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the Name of George Smith Esquire:

And the Question being put.That George Esquire be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas ' ^!r

(Mr. Robinson:

Tellers for the Noes.^'r'

£Mr. Hale:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendments, by adding the Name of Henry Baker Esquire:

And the Question being put, That Henry Baker Esquire be One other.of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.f JJr-

( Mr. Lyjtcr:

Tellers for the Nocsi \rfc/'

( Mr. Mehish:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed with respect to the said Clause.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

32*

26.

4i.

3°*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Borroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Lewis Cou: To which the Lords delite the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Horatio Walpole lenior presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill toamend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fullian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firff, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed,

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Hume be added to the Southwark Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, Small Debt* a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Roth in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the lame.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Land Tax House an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Arrean. Handing out at Christmaslad, with the Names of the respe Clive Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Arrears of House an Account of what Arrears of Duties upon ^ou^c Houses were Handing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whole Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee, ' Ranfeate to whom the Petition of several Merchants of the City of Harbour» London, Owners and Mailers of Ships, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Council, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of in the County of Kent, One of the Cinque Ports; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolution of the Committee upon the first-mentioned Petition, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first Petition, the following Evidence was produced:

Captain Stephen Read, an Inhabitant of Ramsgate, said.

That in the Storm on the x 6th of December lait, moll of the Ships in the Downs were drove from their Anchors, and several run ashore near Ramsgate, some of which were afterwards got off, brought into the Pier, and there refitted: That he has known several Ships put into the said Pier in stormy Weather; and, on the said 16th of December last, a Ship, which was drove against the said Pier, might have got in during the Storm, if the Persons on board had cut away her Cable under her Bows, and run her a little further to the Southward: That the present Harbour at Ramsgate, which was only built by Fishermen of the Town, for their own Conveniency, may be greatly improved, and made capable of receiving Ships of 300 Tons Burthen:

That a great Number of Ships have been laved by putting into the said Harbour; and that, if it had been improved, a great Number of other Ships, which have been drove against the Rocks, might have been preserved.

Mr. Martin Brook, an Inhabitant also of Ramsgate, confirmed the aforesaid Evidence: And added, That if a Harbour was made, in which there was a Depth of Six Foot and an Half at Low-water, Ships of 200 Tons Burthen might with great Facility enter in a Gale of Wind.

Captain George Hooper, also an Inhabitant of Ramsgate, said, That, if a Harbour was made in the Downs, between the North and South Forelands, it would be of great Use and Advantage: And,

Captain George Haynes, a Pilot, and Inhabitant of London, confirmed the Evidence of Captain And add-

ed, That he never was in Ramsgate Harbour, nor onShore at the Town, since the Year 1737, but that he has frequently passed by the said Harbour to the Downs, and is of Opinion that it may be made capable of receiving a

9 H

t

4° Martii. jl* 1748*

R'amfgatr great Number of Ships; and that there is not a more Harbour, convenient Place in the between the North and

South Forelands, for the Sheltering of Ships, which are waiting fora Wind to proceed Westward; for that the S-. and S. W. Wind?, which are the most dangerous to Ships riding in the Downs, blow directly into;

and that all such Ships as take Shelter there, may proceed to Sea to the Westward with any Wind that will carry Ships out of the Downs:

That the Soil there is Chalk and Sand, and that a Harbour may )oe made capable of receiving Ships drawing 14 Foot Water: That he apprehends all small Ships, waiting for a Wind to carry them to the Westward, would lie in this Harbour, and, by that means the large Ships would ride in the Downs with more Safety, as they would not be in Danger of the small Ships breaking loose, and driving against: and damaging the m.

Being further examined, he said, That Ships drawing 14 Foot Water, could not go into, or out of, the said Harbour until it was Three-fourths Flood; but that Ships of a smaller Burden might sooner: And that, in his Opinion the greater Number of Ships lying in the Downs, in Times of Peace, are under the Burden of aoo Tons.

And, being asked if he would lay a loaded Ship in a dry Harbour, he laid he would not chuse to lay her a-ground, if (he could float; but would sooner take that Method to secure her, than lay out at Sea in a Gale; and that at Bristol, where the Soil is, in some Places, Mud, and, in others, hard, all Ships are laid on the Ground, before they are unloaded: That it is very dangerous to lay (harp-built Ships on the Ground; bust a Bason might be made in the said Harbour, in which they might float.

Captain Adam Spencer, formerly Master of a Ship, and a Merchant in London, laid, That the properest Place, for a. Harbour, between the North and South , is

Ramsgate: That he apprehends it is practicable to make a Harbour there: That the Soil, which is a hard Chalk, will hold Water.

But, being aflted the Question, he said, That he had never bored the Ground.

That Sullage, or Seaweed, is frequently brought into the Harbour with the Tide, and is constantly conveyed away by the Farmers for Manure: And that, if a South

Pier was erected, it would prevent Sullage driving into the Harbour:

That he has founded at about 11 or 1,300 Feet South from the Pier Head, and found 6f Foot Water, at Low Water: That the Low Water Mark is about 600 Feet South from the Pier: And that the Shoals near the Harbour are sufficiently covered with Water every Tide: Thatfull built Ships, loaded, may be laid on the Ground without any Damage (which he the Witness has often padifed, and would again, rather than lie in the Doztms, in a Storm;) and that (harp-built Ships might lie against the Pier Head, without any Detriment:

That Ships of aoo. Tons Burden might fail into, or out of, the Harbour 14 Hours in 14 5 and Ships bound to the Westwaifi might fail out with any Wind that would carry them out of the Downs, and even when the Wind was at S. E. with the Assistance of a N. E. Tide under their Lee, when Ships in the Downs could not put to Sea, by reason of their being obliged to make a Trip, before they can get round the South Foreland.

Captain Martin Brook, an Inhabitant of Ramsgate, and who has been Matter of a Ship in the Virginia Trade about Thirty Years, said. That is the most convenient Place fora Harbour between the Two and is the best situated forlheltering Ships in hard Gales, from S. S. E. to S. S. W.; and that Ships may go out of that Harbour with any Winds that will carry rhem out of the Downs to the Westward; and frequently with greater Expedition, particularly with E. and E. N. E. Winds, when Ships in the Downs cannot-purchase their Anchors; and that, when the Wind (hists fair on Lee Tides, Ships in the Downs cannot get up their Lee Anchors in less than Six Hours;.and, if the Wind blows hard, it will take

Three Hours more topqrchafe the other Anchors; and* in Winter Time, the Winds frequently blow so hard that Ships cannot get up their Anchors before Flood.

Being further examined, he said. That, at some Times, Ships may fail out of the Downs while Ships in the Harbour are waiting for a Tide to carry them out, whereby such Ships may possibly, at that Time, Jose their Passage; for those which draw Ten or Eleven Foot Water mult wait Two or Three Hours between the Ebbing and Flowing of the Tide; and those which draw Thirteen Feet must wait Four or Five Hours; but that, in general. Ships in this Harbour would sooner get to Sea, when a fair Wind offers, than Ships anchoring in the Downs'.

That, as the small Ships would be in this Harbour, the King'sShips, East India Ships, and otherlacge Ships in the Downs, would not only avoid the Damages that are fre-questlycaufed by suchfmallShipsbreaking loose but, would likewise lie in a much safer Part of the Downs, and gain better Anchorage; whereas they now ride near the -win and otherdangerous Stations, where the Sand is loofo in order to be as much aspofiible out of the Way of the small Ships; and that, in particular. Sir Joint Norris and Admiral Fttrnou, who were obliged to lie near the,

were in so much Danger of being drove thereon, that they were obliged to (trike the Yards and Topmasts.

Captain George Hooper, an Inhabitant or,

said. That the most convenient Situation for a Harbour between the North and South Forelands, is near and that it is more practicable, in his Opinion, to make one there than at any other Place, for that there is a very good Bottom of Sand and Chalk, in which a Ship may, by her Motion make a Dock, without damaging herK.ee!: And that he wmuld prefer grounding a Ship on Chalk to lying in the Downs: And that the Soil, if a Bason is made, will hold Water:

That the Damage done in the Downs is most commonly caused by the Winds from S. S. E. to S. S. W. That when Ships are broke loose by those Winds, Ramsgate lies aknoft right to the Leeward, and is at such a convenient Distance that there is Time to make proper Sail to get in; which they may do with great Eale and Security, as they generally break loose at the First of the Flood, when there may be 14 or 16 Foot Water in the Harbour; for that it is full half Flood on the Shore, cr rather more, before the Flood makes to the Northward in the Offing:

That Ships may fail out of this Harbour with any Wind that will carry Ships out of the to the Westward,

and even with a N. E. Wind: which Ships in the Downs cannot take the Benefit of, if it blows hard; and also at other Times, when Ships cannot purchase their Anchors; and that it is commonly, in moderate Weather, Two or Three Hours, and in stormy Weather longer, before Ships can purchase their Anchors, when a (air Wind offers to proceed to Sea to the Westward:

And he confirmed the Evidence of the last mentioned Witness, with regard to the Advantages the King's Ships' and other large Ships in the Doivns would receive from the making such a Harbour for small Ships: And he added, That small Ships, by taking Shelter in the Harbour, would avoid the Danger they are very liable to of foundering:

That, in the late Storm, on the 16 th of December, Two or Three Coasting Vessels took Shelter in the said Pier; and that, about Forty Years ago, a Dutch Ship of 700 Tons, with Jury Mate, came in there; and^since that Time, a Ship called the Gtddfo of about 400 Tons, which in attempting to go round the North Foreland, had (truck, also put into the said Pier, and was there repaired, and afterwards proceeded to London: And he added, That there has been little Alteration in the said Pier since the said Ship of 700 Tons took Shelter there:

That tlfis Pier may be made more convenient, for the Reception of Ships, than Dover Pier, by reason that, in stormy Weather, Ships frequently cannot enter the (hid last mentioned Pier, or put out of it when the Wind is

fair

22 Geo. II.

25 Marta.

763

fair to carry them to Sea: And, being asked, he said. That Vessels would rather lie in the old Haven at Sandwich, than in the present Pier at

Captain Michael Wilkins Conway, an elder Brother of the Trinity House, and an Inhabitant of London, said. That

he has been Matter of a Ship, and Twenty-one Years a Pilot; when he patted his Examination for a Pilot he was particularly examined as to the Downs, which he is well acquainted with, and has often piloted his own Ships through the Downs, and has been even desired so to do by a Captain of a Man of War:

That the most dangerous Winds in the which

are from S. , S. E. to S. S. W. sufficiently point out Ramsgate, or thereabouts, as the most natural and convenient Situation for a Harbour: And that, if a Harbour, was there erected, Ships might fail out of it, to the Westward, with any Wind that would carry Ships out of the Downs, and even with a ftropgN. E. Wind, as also with afcantWind at S. E. and by E. with the Assistance of a Flood Tide under their Lee, when Ships in the Downs cannot purchase their Anchors: And that Ships in the Downs, drove from their Anchors, in stormy Weather, might, with a little Seamen's Skill, be directed into this Harbour: And that, for want of such a Harbour, Numbers of Lives, Ships, and Cargoes, have perished.

That Ships bound from London to the Westward are obliged to wait in the Downs for a fair Wind: And that-the same Tide which brings them from the North Foreland, would carry them into the said Harbour, where they would ride with Safety, without Wear and Tear of Anchors and Cables: And that small Craft might be a-float there, and be able to carry out Pilots, Anchors, Cables, and other Assistance and Necessaries to Men of War and large Ships in Distress in the Downs: And that, at all Times, Boats might go out, either from or Ramsgate, to such Ships in Distress.

And being asked if Ships could enter the said Harbour when it blew a Storm from N. W. to N. E. he said they could not; but that, when the Wind was at N. E. he apprehends, the Ships, instead of making for a Harbour, would proceed to Sea:

That the great Ships are obliged to ride in bad Road, to be out of the Way of the small Vessels, which commonly lie in the Small Downs, and are generally ill fur-niftred with Anchors and Cables, and frequently break loose, and drive Ships foul of each other, whereby sometimes a whole Fleet is set adrift: And that, if a Harbour was only made for the Reception of Ships of under 200 Tons, it would prevent 9-ioths of the Damage that happens in tire Downs: That he apprehends, that if a Harbour was made at Ramsgate, all Ships under 200 Tons, waiting for a Wind to proceed to the Westward, would take Shelter therein.

And, being asked, whether he would lie in the Downs with a loaded Ship in moderate Weather, or go into Ramsgate Harbour, he said. That if the Ship was of Two hundred Tons Burthen, and full built, and would take the Ground, he would carry her in: And added. That in Time of War, the Merchants Ships are commonly built (harp, and in Time of Peace, full: And that he believed there are now more Ships, belonging to the Merchants of London, that will take the Ground, than that will not:

That, when the Wind is at S. E. the small Ships cannot drive against the large ones; but that in Storms, the Wind is very variable, and frequently (hists to all Points of the Compass:

That he apprehends the Shoals near Ramsgate would greatly protect the said Harbour, for that upon deep Shores the Sea runs heavy; whereas the said Shoals would break the Weight of the Sea, and in (hallow Water, when the Wind is down, the Sea is still: That Ships attempting to get into the Harbour in a Storm, would not be in any Danger of running upon the said Shoals, if directed by a Pilot, or even a fltilful Seaman: And that, in Ptocefs of Time, the said Harbour might by degrees jbe extended <HVof» the Quern and Whitt Dike to the

Vpfc. »$.

Break; which Harbour would then be capable of con- Ramrgste taining the whole Navy of England:Harbour.

That he has founded several Parts of the , and

had found in the Channel, between the Quern and the Crbfs Ledge, about 11 or 12 Feet at Low Water, and about Two Miles South from Ramsgate, 16 Feet.

And being asked the Question, he said, That, if he was drove from his Anchors in the , and a proper Harbour was made at Ramsgate he would endeavour to take Shelter there; but that if there was no Harbour or Pier there, and he could not keepout at Sea, he would run his Shipafhore to the Westward of Ramsgate upon the Chalk Rocks, where (he would make a Dock for her-self, and all Parts of her Body would bear equally: That there was more Danger in running a Ship upon Sand, by reason that the Sea will walh away the Sand in several Places; and as some Parts of the Ship are thereby left without Support, (he is in Danger of breaking; but that hard Chalk, and even Sand, in a Harbour which is well (heltered, is proper Ground to lay a Ship upon; for that the Shipwrights in the River Thames bed their Docks with Gravel:

That he had often viewed- the Harbour at Ramsgate from the Shore and had rode round the Coast from Margate to Ramsgate, but never was in Ramsgate Harbour in a Vessel at Low Water; nor did he ever goon a particular Survey, or thiak it necessary (b to do, to judge of the Utility of this Harbour, which was evident to all Persons navigating Vessels in the Downs:

That the Soil at Ramsgate is Chalk, covered, in some Places, Two or Three Feet with Sand, which Soil, he apprehends, is a proper Foundation for a Harbour; but that he has never bored it:

That a great deal of Seaweed, or Sullage, is frequently brought into the present Pier, which the Farmers constantly take away for manuring their Land i And that he apprehends such Suliage, or Seaweed, will not cause any Obstruction in, or be of any Inconvenience to, this Harbour.

And being asked, whether if a Pier was extended from Ramsgate a Quarter of a Mile into the Sea, it would not, in Process of Time, flop the Suliage, so as to swerve up the Mouth of Sandwich Haven, he said. That he did not believe any Impediment would be caused thereby, for the Course of the Waters would not be altered; buc that, if such an Inconvenience was apprehended, the Harbour might be constructed in such a manner, as that Arches might be turned on each Side, through which the Suliage might be carried away with the Tides.

Captain George Stevens, an elder Brother of the Trinity House, said, That he had been employed at Sea from the Year 1712 to 1741, and was now concerned in a Ship trading to the East-Indies: That the Opinion of the Corporation of the Trinity House had been desired upon Two Plans of different Dimensions, which were laid before them, for the erecting a Harbour at Ramsgate, and that they were unanimously of Opinion, That the Execution of the smallerPlan would be very useful and convenient for the Reception of small Ships out of the Dozens, and thereby afford the larger Ships, which now lie off the Goodwin, an Opportunity of riding more safely.

Being further examined, he said, That the Corporation did not examine any Witnesses as to the Practicability of building such Harbour; but that the Manner in which the said Plans were to be executed, was explained to them by Captain Elliot, who was that Day made a youngef Brother; and, upon such Explanation, they consideredi the Plans, and did all agree, that if a Harbour could be made at that Place, it would be very convenient.

Being asked, he said. That he apprehends the Shoals and Sands, called the Break and the Cross would not

any-ways prejudice the said Harbour, or be dangerous to Ships attempting to enter therein, by reason that the small Harbour would be at a considerable Distance from them:

That

Uamf'ate

Harbour.

764 2° Mar tit. 1748.

That such Hathour may be made capable of receiving Ships of 250 Tons, and will be theltered on the North by the main Land, on the N. E. by the White , and, from

S. S. E. to S. E. by the Quern, the Cross Ledge, and the Break: And that he knows no Place between the North and South Forelands, where a Harbour can be made so secure, or at a lei's Expence, or with more Expedition for final 1 Craft to ride in, or so convenient and ready for their proceeding to Sea to the Westward, as at gate:

That there is not any Harbour now in the Downs, wherein Ships, drove from their Anchors, can take Shelter: And that he apprehends, if there had been a Harbour at Ramsgate, all the Ships in the late Storm would have made for it; and that several of them that perished might have been saved by taking Shelter therein:

That, in Time of War, Ships are built sharp; and in Time of Peace, full; and that most Ships are now built in such it Manner as to take the Ground loaded:

That when the Wind blows hard, there is a great Surfs on the Deal and Sandwich Coast, which renders it very inconvenient for Boats to put off to the Assistance of Ships in Distress in the Downs; and that when Assistance is given, an extravagant Price is infilled on; but that, if Two Pier Heads were erected at Ramsgate, small Craft might lay afloat there, and carry Assistance to such Ships in Distress; and though such small Craft could not put to Sea from Ramsgate, with the Wind from S, E. to S.W. they might tide it out, and Relief might, in that Cafe, be sooner given from Ramsgate, than from Deal, by reason that the great Surfs there renders it impossible to ship large Anchors there, when the Wind blows hard; and that, at all other Times, there is a greater Probability of Ships being assisted from a small Harbour at Ramsgate, than from the Beach at Deal.

And being asked, if he was drove from his Anchors in a Ship drawing 14 Foot Water, with a S. or S, W. Wind, at half Tide, whether he would pursue the Advice of his Pilot in running his Ship alhore, or attempt, against the Opinion of such Pilot, to make for the said Harbour; he said. That, if he was in great Distress, he would not pursue such Advice, but would make for the Harbour i or if he was in a large Ship, he would keep the Sea as long as possible: And that he has not a particular Knowledge of the Rocks to the Westward of Ramsgate, but, from what he has heard, has always dreaded them.

Captain Richard Straton, Deputy Master of the Corporation of the 'Trinity House, said. That, on the 4th of February instant, Captain Archibald Elliott, who was that Day made a younger Brother of that Corporation, acquainted the said Corporation, that he was requested by the Merchants of London, to desire the Opinion of the said Corporation upon Two Plans for building a Harbour at Ramsgate-, and upon Confederation thereof, they agreed unanimously to the following Resolution:

" That it is the Opinion of this Court, That Ramf~

" gate is a proper Place for a Harbour for Ships under " 300 Tons."

That, at the said Court, about Twenty of the Members were present; and that One in particular was for directing a Survey to be made before the Court came to any Resolutior; but that none present thought it impracticable to build a Harbour at that Place:

That they heard no Evidence upon those Plans, excepting an Explanation given thereof, by the said Captain Elliott-, but that the elder Brothers are themselves, from their own Experience, proper Judges of the belt Situation for a Harbour in the Downs.

And the said Witness, being examined as to his own Opinion, said, That he thought that, if a Harbour could be made, at Ramsgate, it is the properest Situation between the North and South Forelands for Iheltering small Craft, and the most convenient for their Proceeding to Sea.

And he added, That, in his Opinion, it would be fiercely possibly for Ships of 200 Tons to enter the said Harbour i but there is no other Place in the Downs capable

of receiving and Iheltering such small Craft; but that the said Harbour would greatly tend to the Security of large Ships riding in t\\cDozvns, by receiving such smaller Crafr.

Being asked, he said, That he would rather chule to ride in the Downs, than lay a loaded Ship upon a hard dry Sand: But he afterwards confessed. That, if a Ship was not overloaded, it was the: best Sort of Ground to lay her upon, except Mud.

Captain John Sibfon, an Inhabitant near Radc/iff-Cross, said. That he was Owner of a Ship of 3 20 Tons, which had 1,700 Quarters of Corn, and other Goods, on Boards and was drove from her Anchors in the in the late

Storm: That the Master on Board set Ramsgate Pier by . his Compass, and attempted to enter it, but afterwards the Night coming on, he loft Sight of it, and run ashore about 200 Yards to the Northward of it, where the Lives of the Persons on Board, and all the Materials of the Ship, were saved: That if the said Ship had run ashore as much to the Westward of the said Pier as she did to the Northward, all the Freight might have been laved, by reason that Waggons might have been loaded there, which they could not be at the other Place:

Tha % upon this Occasion he went down to Ramsgate, and law within the Pier there, Ten Ships which had been drove ashore in the late Storm: That, during his Stay there, he took a Survey of the Place, and is of Opinion, That there is not any other Place between the North and South Forelands; capable of being made a Harbour for

Ships bound to the YVeftward:

That Ships which are intended to enter this Harbour, might anchor in a parallel Line between the Harbour and the South Foreland; and that, as there is a Tide comes from the Northward Two Hours and an Half before Low Water, such Ships, if they were in any Danger, might put back into Ramsgate Road.

And, being asked, he said, That if he wasdrove from his Anchors in the Dozvns, he would endeavour to get into this Harbour rather than keep out at Sea: And that, in High Water, a Ship drawing 14 Foot might enter the said Harbour:

That the Soil at Ramsgate is Chalk mixed with a few small Flints, and covered with about a Foot and an Half of loft Sand: That this Sand is brought in with the Sea, and is foloofe, that it crumbles away when a Ship beats upon it; and that the Chalk is of so soft a Nature, that the Keels of Ships grounding thereon are immediately buried: And that In's Ship did, in three Weeks Time, by her Motion, make a Dock for herfelfof Nine Feet deep; whereas if it had been hard Ground, she must have been beat to Pieces when Ihe run ashore in the Storm, or by her Movement afterwards: And that' the said Ship lay upon thevery Place, where, according to the best Judgment the Witness is able to form from the Plan of the Harbour, the North Pier is intended to be e reified.

And being asked, he said, That it is not eligible to lay a sharp Ship on the Ground, except in same of Necessity; but that, he apprehends, a sharp Ship might safely take that Ground; and that, if a Harbour was made, he himself would sooner lay a Ship a-ground there, than anchor in the Downs:

That he believes the said Pier was never cleaned: And that when he was at Ramsgate, he went down to the Shore every Morning; and, though there was then a strong Southerly Wind, hefaw nothing drive into the said Harbour but a little Seaweed, which was conveyed away by the Farmers as it came in.

Mr. Edward Gatton, Carpenter and Engineer, produced a Plan of the intended Harbour, and an Estimate of the Expence thereof, which amounted to £.39,050 and said, That he had been employed all his Life-time as a Carpenter to the Board of Ordnance, and has been conversant in Works of this Sort, particularly in wharfing against the Sea at Sheerness:

That he had bored the Soil in several Places, to the Distance of 13 or 1,400 Foot from the Shore, That he bored

- about

2 2 Geo. II. 2° Martii.

Ram^ate about Eight or Ten Feet deep: That the Soil is Chalk, Harbour, mixed with a few Flints, and is, in his Opinion, a very g,>od Foundation for the Construction of a Harbour.

And, being required to explain the Method iawhich he formed the Calculation of the said Expence, and the Manner in which the said Flan was to be executed, he said, That it was proposed to carry out Two Pi-rs to the Extent of i,<8o Feet, in a direct Line from the Shore, but as such Piers were to project in a circular manner, they would contain in the whole 3,550 Feet:

That it is proposed to make the said Pier in Height Twenty-live Feet, and in Breadth Thirty-two Feet at the Bottom, and Twenty-five at the Top: That these Piers are intended to be constructed by driving Two Rows of Piles, of Twelve Inches square, Twelve Feet into the Ground; which Piles are to be dove-tailed below the Water, and planked with Oak above; and that the Space between the Two Rows of Piles is to be filled up with Chalk and Flints, which he thinks are proper Materials for that Purpose, and of which a sufficient Quantity may be had on the Spot: That he estimates the Expence of driving and planking the said Piles, and filling up the Cavity, at f.i 1 a running Foot: And that it is proposed to have at the Mouth of the Harbour, at a Spring-Tide,

Feet in Depth at Low Water, and 24^ at High Water.

And being asked, if the Piers were constructed with Fir Timber, whether it would not reduce the Expence, he laid that it would; and that Fir will last as long under Water as Oak, but that he thought Oak the properest Timber to be made use of; and that there is a great deal of Oak in Kent, and that Oak Scantlings may be made use of in this Work, and be purchased, as he believed, at Ten Pence or One Shilling a Foot.

Anti he added. That he was employed to take the said Survey, and to lay out the said Plan; but did not expert to be employed in the Execution thereof.

Then the Committee proceeded to examine the Allegations of the Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common-Council, Freemen, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Town and Port of , in the County of

Kent, One of the Cinque Ports: And, in Support thereof, the following Evidence was given:

Mr. John Hutton laid. That the Mouth of Sandwich Haven is a great deal swerved up; and, by means thereof, some of the Lands in the Island of Thanet are now under Water; and that, if the Obstructions in the said Haven should increase, as there is great Reafoti to apprehend, the Pasture Lands in the said Island would be allb overflowed: That if Pier Heads are run our from into the Sea, they may, by interrupting the Current, make an Eddy, which will causea continual Settlement of Sand and Sullage:

That he apprehends, the most effectual Method to cleanse and deepen the said Haven, and prevent the said apprehended Inconvertiency, from the ConftrUdlion of a Harbour at Ramsgate, would be too narrow the Channel of the said Haven, which now, sometimes, spreads Two or Three Miles: That, if a Pier was also erected there, Vessels of 100 Tons, and downwards, might take Shelter therein: And that this Work might be executed at a little Expence, and would be of great Utility.

Mr. George Brooks, a Pilot of Deal, said, That, at the Bar of Sandwich Haven, the Water is not lb deep as it was Twenty Years ago: And that, if the said Haven was cleansed, and, on the South Side, piled. Fifty or Sixty Ships of and under 100 Tons might be in the said Haven with great Safety.

And he added, That the Pier Heads of the Harbour intended to be ccrrftru&ed at Kamfgate, will be about a Mile and a Half frofn the Mouth of Sandwich Haven; and that such intended Harbour will not be of any Use to the Vessels belonging to Sandwich, or bound thereto: That the Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of the said Town, are in Number about Four or Five-and-twenty of 80 Tons Burden, or under; and about Thirty or Forty Sail of Colliers come ta the said Town in a Year.

Vol, 25.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution 2 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners, the Merchants of the Gity have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Harbout of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich: And that Mr. Alderman Bethell, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Cleveland, the Lord Mayor of London, Sir John Barnard, and Mr. Alderman JanJJen, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, Scotch according to Order, a Bill to explain, and amend an Act,

passed in the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, children, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund tot a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Mimflers o* the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, of the Universities of St. and Edinburgh: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from North North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was read the Third time. RQa

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Counmt's for naturalizing Charles Louis Courant, was read the First Nat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to continue Two Acts of Parliament, Rochester, One of the First, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the &c. Road*. Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlatging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, in Rochfier, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned; and for rendering the same more effectual; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of the Fnft, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, in the Parish of St. Margaret's, in Rochester, to Maidstone, and other Roads therein mentioned in the County of Kent; and for rendering the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Horsemonden Turner do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Office of night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Coroner, upon the Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the statute* of whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying Inconveni- Hue and encies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on Cry* the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was committed, be received upon this Day Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

9 I

3* MartiL A. 1748.

Southwark Road from New-street.

Vi eneris, 3* die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

Lieutenant-general reported

from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the principal Inhabitants and Landholders of the Parishes cf St. John Southwark, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, and St. Mary Rotherhith, in the County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

Mr. Gilbert Douglass said, That the Parish of Rotherhith (Three Miles in Length) is close built, and full of Inhabitants, occupying the several Trades necessary in building, rigging, victualling, and fitting and setting out, Ships to Sea: That from St. John's Church, to the Beginning of Rotherhith Parish, there are Seven or Eight short Turnings, where it is impossible for Two Carriages to pass: That a Street called Rotherhith Wall is so narrow the whole Way, that Persons are obliged, when a Carriage is passing, to get into Shops to avoid being hurt.

&SS35& } of Parish;

Mr 7£u!l°ZfilTi } of SL 7Ms

Mr. Thomas Ellis and i c D .,

Mr. nma, Merrydm, } of P»"«>

Severally said. That they know the Roads and Streets mentioned in the Petition very well: That they are in general so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot pass each other, and, in some Places, so very narrow, that Foot Paf-lengers are obliged to get into Snops to avoid being hurt by Carts and other Carriages:

That, although the East End of the Parish of Rotherhith is within Three Quarters ofa Mile of Deptford Dock, there is no Way for Carriages to go there without going Four Miles about; and that the Ways leading through and by Rotherhith Wall aforesaid, to the Borough of are so narrow, and have so many dangerous Turnings in them, that all Communication for Coaches, Carts, and other Carriages is interrupted: That the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Parishes are, in general, Persons in Trade, which is extremely interrupted by the Inconveniencies aforesaid; and if a new Road was made, as proposed in the Petition, it would not only be a great Benefit and Advantage to them in their several Trades, but also make a good Way to the East India Company's Warehouse at Rotherhith, and the Victualling-Office at Deptford.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening and making a new Road from the East End of Nezo Street, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, along

a Street called St. Saviour's Dockhead, in the Parishes of St. John in Southwark and St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey; and through Part of a Street called The Folly; and from thence, by a Place called The Half-penny Hatch, in the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of Rotherhith; and from thence to The New Half-way House, in the same Parish; and through Upper Rogues Lane to the East End thereof; and likewise from the said New Half way House to the South Corner of Redhouse Lane, in the- Parishes of and Saint

Nicholas Deptford-, and through the said Lane, and a Street called Grove Street, to the said Lane called Upper Rogues Lane, in the said Parish of Rotherhith; and also from the South Corner of Redhouse Lane aforesaid, to the South End of Butt Lane, in the said Parish of St. Paul Deptford', and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; And that Lieutenant-General , the Lord Baltimore, and Sir Peter Thompson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing, enlarging, and preserv- Ellenfaot ing, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumber- Harbour. land, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed so be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 13. L. 23. After " continued," insert " as aforementioned :"

L. 26. Leave out " for ever."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Sir John Pennington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, presented to the House, ac- American cording to Order, a Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills ^*Per Credit, of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America,

and to prevent the feme being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrafted Bill to enable and oblige Charles Fitzray ¥\tzrof* Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, Name, to take and use the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable and oblige Charles Fitzroy Esquire, and Frances his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, to take and use the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom Barham's the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Name, enable Joseph Fofter Barham Esquire, and his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Barham, pursuant to the Will of Henry Barham Esquire, deceased, was committed.

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's T^Jale.

An ingrafted Bill for repairing the Road from the Wtfl Newcastle Cowgate near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, by or uP2"Tyne th rough Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge,

Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland, was

read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Cowgate, near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Belfay Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ridley docarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Popham presented to the House, according to Blunfdon. Order, a Bill for confirming and establishing certain laclofote. Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Blunfdon, in the county of ; and making the feme more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An

Lithtr'i

M-nrii'C

Settlement.

Sale of

London*

House*

letW

Parochial

Rates.

Sotton, &c IKaiiuge.

Laid Tai

Gmanwifi nrn.

Kasca. Sec.

frmting the Journals.

22 Geo. II.

3® — 6" Martii.

767

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending a Power given by the Marriage-Settlement of Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte Ins Wife; and for making the same more effectual, for t he Benefit of the Children of that Marriage; was read the Thiid time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment do pass.

Ordered, Tnar Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with an Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Bishop of London, or his Successors, todemife or fell the Capital Messuage or Man-fion-house, cal ed London-housefor the Benefit of the Bi-fhoprick of London: And the same was received; and read tin First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for confirming an Order and Rule of the Court of Common-Pleas for assessing certain Lands and Tenements, in the Manor of 1Betiow, to the Parochial Rates and

Levies of and in the Parish of in the County of

Hertford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dupplin, Sir Lud Grant, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Mel/i/h,

Mi. Carmichael, Mr. Gore, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Legge, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Mr. Lord Parker, Mr. Bona, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Jenxns, Mr. Cadogan, Ai! lir.d Hawke, Colonel Conway, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Ptcxfe, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Sandy Mr. Mitchell, Mr. W/nchcott, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. r, Mr.

Greatheed, Mr. White, Mr. Northey, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Lon defwell. Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Mr.

Montagu; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, White ham, Chatteris, Doddington, and a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely and county of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and low Grounds in the several Purishes of Sutton, Mepall, Whitcham, Chatteris, Doddmgtoand a Place called Byal Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, and also in the Parishes of Somersham and Pidley with Fenton, in the County of Huntingdon.

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rectifying Mistakes in theNamcsof the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of as to

the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748: And the same was received; and read the Fir (I time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of Vol. 25.

this House; and to afiure his Majesty that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Law* re-whole House, upon the Bil! for amending, explaining, ^ecting the and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws of the n"* relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beau clerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk reported from the Committee,

That they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luncc, 6° die Martii;

Anno 12* Georgii II" Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

MR. Southwell presented to the House, according to streets* Order, a Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers yfi/oa and j and for deanf-

ing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of Bristol, so far as the same Act relates to the paving and' enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating Hackney-Coachmen, Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, within the said City and liberties thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Cufl reported from the Committee, who were Expiring appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near ex- Laws, piring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which' of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read: and are as fol-' low; viz.

Resolved, That is is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, an Act to prevent Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, West-ward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water Carriage upon the said River; which was to continue in Force, from the First Day of May 1730, for the Term of Nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the First Day of June, in the Year of our Lord 1747; and which, by another Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was further continued till the First Day of June 1749, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved,

7 68

6° Martii. . 1748.

Rlth'j

Siiwce.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors, which was to be in Force, from the First Day of June 1729, for the Term of Nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was explained and amended, and further continued until the 4th Day of June 1748/and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; is, together with the Alterations and Amendments, near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread, which was to be in Force for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and, by an Act, made in the First: Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King , for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was explained, amended, and continued for the further Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Act and Alterations had further Continuance by several subsequent Acts, and was, by an Act, made in the said Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, explained and amended, and further continued, from the Expiration thereof, to the 24th Day of June, in the Year of our Lord 1748, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is, together with the Alterations and Amendments, near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rtfolvtd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effec-tyftjly to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, qr such was to continue and be in Force for the Space of Eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended, and continued, and to be in Force, with the said last mentioned Act, for the Space of Eight Months, from the Tenth Day of January 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Acts, by an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 24th Day of September 1748, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered,'That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sr John Cuff, Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, and Mr. Whichco, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for amending and making more effectual the Acts, of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, mentioned in the last of the said Resolutions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Gentleman, with

Dorothy Fuller, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry

again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Refohtd, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bacon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

»5

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -wall, Mr. Peachy, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Lord

Bateman, Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Sir Francis Dash-

wood, Mr. Colleton, Sir Robert Lord,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Grey, Mr. Mr. Provefe, Mr.

Yorke, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Geo. Sackville, Sir John Cust; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Gloucester, and Monmouand for South Wales:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 7th Day of February last, and the Report from the Committee to whom the said Petiti ;n was referred, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Barbor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from iVansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last. That his Majesty would be graci-oully pleased to order the further Sum of Five thousand Pounds to be advanced towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly. '

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 17 th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, of the Universities of St. Andrews, , and

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to tire Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Gray, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fox, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr.

Mr. West, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Legge, Mr. Pitt, Mr. , Sir Francis Dashwood, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brand, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Aldworth, Lord Parker, Mr. Amy-

and, Mr. Martin, Mr. Povoney, Mr. Rowney; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the realEstate late of Lock-

wood

Hereford

Hoad*.

Wantfoni. Bridge.

Answer to Address.

Scotch Ministers Widow* and Children.

Lockwood*

Estate.

2 a Geo. II. 6® Mar 769

wood Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of the incumbrances charged upon the same by virtue of, and under, his Will; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. MelUJh, Mr. Cegge, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Plmptre, Mr. Bnreton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Chal Mr.

Cornewall, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. White, Mr. Tovinjhend, Mr. Sir Nath. Curzon,

Sir John Cust, Mr. WUkinftn, Mr. Mr. Colleton,

Earl ot EgmontKMr. KynaMr. , Mr. Proufe;

and all the Members who serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

YjP The Order of the Day being read, 'for the House to

an cans. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

*opply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ernfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Punishing The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee of the U winy and whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny and

DeUnion. Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where tht Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 4. Line 7. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 4. Line 7. being read a Second time, is as followeth; viz.

After the Word God," insert " I, A. B. do swear,

" That I will duly administer Justice, according to the " Rules and Articles for the better Government of his 4‘ Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act of Parliament, now in Force, for the Punishment of Mutiny " and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned,

without Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and, if any * Doubt shall arise, which is not explained by the said Articles or Act of Parliament, according to my Con- science, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cafes: And I do further swear, " That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, un- til it shall be approved by his Majesty, the General, or " Commander in Chief: Neither will I, upon any Account, tit any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the " Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court " Martial, unless thereto required by Act of Parlia-41 ment."

An Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " unless thereto " required by Act of Parliament

The said Proposition was divided into Two Questions, uporPthe following Amendments being proposed to be made to the Words so proposed to be left out; viz.

After the Word " required," to insert the Words " by the Courts of Justice, in such Cases, where they have now, by Law, a Right to interfere, or and alter the Word 44 by," to leave out the Word " Act," and to jnlert " Authority" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words 44 un-Vol. 25.

f‘ less thereto required," Hand Part of the Amendment i

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j *4-

Tellers fcr, he Noes^r. "; J <5,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put. That the Words by Act of Parliament," Hand Part of the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inferring at the End thereof these Words,44 and so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to ad- minister to the Judge Advocate, or the Person offi- dating as such, an Oath in the following Words; I, A. 44 B. do swear. That I will not, upon any Account, at " any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Mar- tial: So help me God."

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding after the Word Martial," and before the Word 44 lo," these Words,44 unless thereunto required by the Courts of Justice, in such Cases where they have now, by Law, a Right to interfere, or by either House of Parliament

And the Question being put. That the Words unless thereunto required by the Courts of Justice, in such Cases where they have now, by Law, a Right to inter- fere, or by either House of Parliament,' be there inserted;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUenforthcYeaS>i^; } >01.

Teller }<n.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Words and so soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, an Oath in the following Words j I, A. B. do Iwear, 44 That I will not, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial: So help me " Godbe inserted as proposed;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The rest of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Folio 41. Line 15. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

7° Mar tit. . 1748.

Martis, 70 die Martii;

Anno 22° Georgii IP Regis, 1748. Prayers.

Disposition T^HE House being informed. That Mr. ,from otGrants. A the Treasury, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Addrefe to his Majesty,

An Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1748, has been disposed 0?, distinguish*

ed under the several Heads, until the ift Day of March 1748-9, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof: And also.

An Account of the Expenditure of the £. 500.000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, &V. for the Year 1748.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as follow; viz.

r

N>

V\

Am ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1748, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the {everai Heads, until the ift Day of March 1748-9;

and the Sums remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof.

D

cq"

« — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

SERVICES.

0

o

o

00,

ft

t-

ct

U

C

CO

c

-c

Tor the Victuals, Wages, and Wear and Tear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 40,000 Men for 13 Months, beginning ift January

1747.8 - ....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

y For the Freight of transports in ttje Year 1747 ——

For the Expeucc of Victuals provided for his Majesty's Land Forces, in the Year 1747 ——

Town u!s the Support of Greenwich Hospital ——

Towards carrying on the Building of the intended Hospital near Portsmouth} for Sick and Wounded Seamen -

Towards paying off and discharging the Debt of the Navy ——

C For Ordnance Sea Service

For Ordnance Land Service ——

L For defraying the extraordinary Expense of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament -

s

sS

'"For defraying the Charge of 49,939 effective Men; Commission, and Non commission Officers included, for the Service of the Year 1748 For niaintaininghis Maji-rtv's Forces and Oarrifons in the Plantations, Minorca anti Gibraltar; anti for Provisions for the Garrisons at Annapolis - Roy<d, Placentia, Georgia, Rattan, and Cape Breton, for the Year 1748 ——

Towards defraying the Pay and Subiiitence of a Body of Troops of Hanover, consisting of 5,000 Horse, and 17,070 Foot, making 2 2,070 Men, to act in the Low Countries with the Aujtrian Troops, and those of the States General of the United Provinces, for the Year 1748 -

And for their Train of Artillery - -

For the Proportion payable by Great Britain to the Emprefe of Russia, for a Body of Troop* to consist of 30,000 Men, to be employed for the Service of Great Britain, the States General of the United Provinces, and their Allies, for the Year 1748; and for defraying the March of the said Troops to the Frontiers of Upper Siljia -

Towards defraying the Proportion, payable by Great Britain, of the Provisions and Forage to be furnished to the said Troops, from the Time of their Arrival on the Frontiers of Upper Si'e/ia, until their Return to the Frontiers of Poland ——

For defrayinghis Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of maintaining 4,800 Foot, with the General Officers and Train, of the Troops of the Duke of Wolfenbuttle, from the 25th March 1748, to the 24th December following, together with his Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidy, pursuant to Treaty ——

For defraying the Charge of 1,264 Horse and 4,908 Foot, with the General Officers and Train, of HjffianTroops, from the 25th December 1747, *° the 25th December 1748, together with the Subsidy for the same Time - - - ---. -

For the Pay of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1748 ——

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1748 - -

j For Pensions, for the Year 1748, to Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines -

CFor defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, incurred in the Year 1747, and not provided for by Parliament

rTo enable the Queen of Hungary to support her Allies, and maintain 60,000 Men in the Low Countries, and the like Number in Italy, for the Year

j 174* -: -....

To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sardinia ——

I To make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria - -

JTo make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mcntz ——

V)

r=3

o

w

in

TFor reimbursing to the Province of Muffachufeits Bay their Expences in the Expedition for taking Cape Breton

§ \r ' - --- -- ..... ....

_ For reimbursing to the Prov ince of New Hampshire their Expences to the said Expedition < For reimbursing the Colony of Connecticut their Expences in the said Expedition J For reimbursing to the Colony of Rhode Island their Expences in the said Expedition Cj {.To be allowed to James Gibson for his Services.and Expences in the said Expedition

Marines. For defraying the Charge of 11,550 Marines, for the Service of the Year 1748

£ J. d.

1,076,000 — —

208,827 9 5

9»49fi 16 3

43*937 11 9

10.000 — —

10,000 — —

i,o;.o.oooo ~~ —

104,000 — —

34^,004 3 9

*5v>,5"5 *4 5

>,267,376 15 9$

14 *i

460,223 10 —

10,000

*4 OO OO <0 *8 IO

150,000 — —

57,792 7 Si

*61,95* H 7i

53,861 3 —

27,224 6 —

3,886 18 8}

3*5,870 8 93

400,000

300,000 — —

26,846 11 9

8,62* — —

183,640 2 7i

*6,355 13 4

28,863 19 1

6,332 12 10

547 15 ——

Sums granted.

£ d.

3»340,26i 16 11

605,629 18 2

3,026,109 17 4!

735,466 II 9

*35,749 '2 lof 196,089 19 7

£ * d.

3,340,261 x6 n

605,629 18 a

2,992,156 18

635,466 11 9

547 15 -35,773 5 *1

Remaining to be paid.

£> * d.

33*95* 18 5

ioo, oeo — —

100,000 ——

x

*35,201 7 io| . 60,316 14

42 Geo. II. 7° Martii.

S ERVICE s.

cc

c

Pi

~To make good the Deficiency of lh«r Grant* 1747 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, for One Year's Intfteft, due at Michaelmas 1747,0a Duties on Salt, continued Anno

1745 - ....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at ChriJimtH

*7*6.....J....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties for retailing Spirituous Liquors at Lady-

<ky «747 -

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1747 -To replace to the Sinking Fuad, the like Sinn, paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties oa (#k& ami Spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1747 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 12 s. per Barrel on Sweets, <$o. at Michaelmas 1747 ——

To make good tire Deficiency, at Christmas 1747, of the Duties on Glassaad Spirituous Liquors ——

To make good the Deficiency of the Mak 1746, at Lady-day 174-6 ——

To make good the Deficiency of thu Land Tax 1746, at Michaeimas 1748 ——

c. s. d.

5T«.*«7 *8 7

— —

7.«»8 5 9

*6,362 8 5

*9>7«5 *9 5

7 Si

6

881*46 11 7f

*'.7*6 10

59,7*7 1 >1

Granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, both by Sea and Laud; and to make good such Treaties as were or should be made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Year 1748 ——

Towards building a Bridge cross the Thames, from to the oppefite Shore ——

Paid Persons for their Lodes on Account of the infe&ieus Disteniper among the Horned Cattle ——

To the Bank, in Reward for taking in £. 6,300,00o for Annuities and a Lottery, for the Year 1748, and for incident Charges attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery ——

To pay off the Principal and Interest of £, 500,000, raised in pursuance of an Act of the left Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Suppl'es to be granted in Parliament, after the 29th September 1747 ——

By Iniereft, after the Rate of £. 5 perCent. to the Contributors of the £.6,300,000, for the Year 1748 above-mentioned, for the respective Sums paid into the Bank before the limited Days of Payment, to Michaelmas 1748 ——

To enable his Majesty to make Satisfaction to the several Proprietors of Heeetnbk Jnritiiflieos and Offices in Scotland, pursuuut to an Act of last SeflSop

San? 9 granted. Sums paid.

£ s. , £. d.

1,089,143 — 10) 845,988 19 7l

500,000 20,000 - - 62,0*0 — — 500,000 20,000 62,000 —

17»930 17*930

504,809 l6 11 504,809 16 11

152,037 12 2 134,858 12 11 152,037 12 2

10,620,186 9 Cj 9,947.461 7 6}

- Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services,

£. d.

6,300,000 — By Contributions for Annuities and a Lottery, 750,000 ----- ----- By the Malt Duty 1748.

2.000. 000 — — By the Land Tax 1748.

1.000. 000 — — By the Sinking Fond.

Towards satisfying of which there remains unifiued of the Ways and Means

So that the Grants exceed the Way* and Means in the Sum of -But as there will be a Saving of £. 100,000 of the Subsidy vofod for the Queen of Hungary, by that Sum's being deduced -

The Deficiency of Way® and Meant will then be -

Remaining to be pa'd.

£. 8. d.

120,921 a 4$

122,332 18 us

772,725 1 11 i

102,538 12 5J 670,186 9 64

ioe, oooo — —

10,050,000 — - —

9 Deficiency, as on «he other Side*

570,186 9 64

10,620,186 § 6}

This Account, dated in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, upon an Address of this Honourable Houfo, it humbly prefooted, this 7U1 Day of March 274^ by

Thomas Bowen-

70 Martii. A 1748

Watlington

Inclosure.

Worctftef, itc. Hoads*

Blunfdon

Inclosure.

22 Geo. II. Martti. 773

Am ACCOUNT of the Expenditure of the£. 500,000granted lat£t Session of Parliament, to enable;his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour both by Sea and Land, and to make good such Treaties as are or shall be made with his Majesty's Allies, for the Year 1748.

To the Subsidy due to the Empress of , for a Body of 30,000 Foot Soldiers, besides a Number of Gallies, to be kept in Readiness, during the Course of that Year, for the Assistance of his Majesty and his Allies, on Demand, pursuant tosTfeaty - * v

To the Empress Queen of Hungary, as his Majesty's Proportion of Subsidy, pursuant to an additional Convention for Four Regiments of Horse, of 1,000 effective Men each -

s. d.

s.

d.

-100,000 -

75,000 — —

for Forage to the British and foreign Troops in the Low Countries, by virtue of his Royal Highness the Duke's Warrants ——

The foregoing Account is humbly prefenfed to this Honoufable House, this 7th Day of March 174-5-, by

Thomas Bowen.

175.000 ——

325.000 ——

500.000 — 1 —

Ordered, That the said Accounts do' lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Henry Edgar, William Harvey, William Howes, John Corchin, and John Gregson, Owners and Proprietors of Lands, and intitled to a Right of Common, in Watlington, in the County of Norfolk, was presented

to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that if the Bill brought into the House, for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of Watlington, in the County* of Norfolk, (houtd pals into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly injured thereby in their several Properties in the said Manor and Parish: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, against the said Bill; or have such Relief therein as to the House shall feein meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to Whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of Watlington, in the County of Norfolk, is committed, be received: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit* be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the tzth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Qu^en and the other in the lath Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King, George the Fifft, for repairing the Roads from the "Chiy, of Worcester, through the Borough of o;

Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County ter i and also for repairing the Road from Bradley Brook, in the same County; is recommitted.

A Bill for confirming and1 establishing certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Blunfdon, in the County of Wilts y and making the same more effectual lor the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Kefolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyfier, Mr Yorke, Mr. florthey, Sir N. Mr. Gtpynne,

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mellish, Earl of Egippnt, Mr. Child, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Prowse, Mit./ Jfugent, Sir, Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Har.fey^.jyir. Gray, . Mr . Popham, Mr. FeLlowes, Mr. Rigby, Sir, John Cujl, Colonel Haldane, Mr. CorneMr. fyjartin, Mr. Dowdeswe/l, Mr. Willes, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Affleck, Sir Francis DafhwoodMr. Boone, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Roumey, Mr. Neale; and all the Members

who lerve for the Counties of Wilts, Gloucester, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 25.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eld and Mr. Thurjtone:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Lynch Esquire, to assume and take upon him the Name of Blofe: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amendiriga Power given by the Marriage-Sett lenient of Richard Luther Esquire, and Charlotte his Wife; and for making the same more effectual for the Benefit of the Children ot that Marriage.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-,

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to wi o n the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments* made by, Jhe Committeeto the said Rill j being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the H< me.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, to de-; dare, That no Officer or Soldier, being acquitted, orcon-> vifteftof any Offence, be liable to be tried a Second timet by the same or any other Court Martial, for the lame* Offence, unless in the same of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court Martial:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill. '

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Court Martial, atter Sentence given, shall, upon Pretence of reviling or correcting the same or upon any Pretence what lower, render the Sentence more severe: And the (apie was twice read:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T=,lcrsror,h=Y.as,{^0^. > l0,

TcllOTfor.hcNo.s,jj;"- },3S.

So it passed in the Negative.

And l^veral Amendments were made by the House to Parts of the Bill precedent to Folio 41*

Other Amendments were proposed.to be made to the Bill, by leaving out, in Folio 41. line ^the Word

9L I or"

Lynch'*

Name.

Luther Vi Ma'rn/ge Settlement.

Afncan

Company.

Punishing ^uni.\ anil Desertion.

Lynch's

Name*

Wansford

Bridge.

Leominster

Roads.

Courant's

Nat.

774 70 — 8° — 90 1748.

" of," and inserting the Words "* at all times," instead thereof} and by inferring, after the Word Pay," in Line 14. of the same Folio, the Words " whenever' " his Majesty shall issue his Royal Proclamation requiring " the Service," and to leave out the Words " at all " times," in Line 15.

And the Question being put. That the Word " or" Hand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdiers for the Yeas.j } ‘S6'

Tellers for the Noes. { } 9«-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 8° die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgian* Regis, 1748. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Lynch Esquire, to artume and take upon him the Name of Bloffewas read the First time. ResolveedyThat the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wansford , in the County of Northampton, to the Town of in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Mr. Barbor do catty the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford , and for making the said Act more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Bailiff, Justices of the Peace, Capital Burgertes, and several other Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Leominster, in the County of Hereford; and had examined the Allegations.of the Bill, and found the same to be true -, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Orderej, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in grafted.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis Courant, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Barbor, Mr. ‘Taylor, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Cust, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Martin, Mr. Torke, Mr. Robinson, Mr.

Mr. Northey, Sir Edmund Ifham, Sir John Barrington, Lord Parker, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Waller, Mr. Williams, Mr.

Lev. Gower, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Mr. Mitchell,

.Mr, Gwynne, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fox, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Conway, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Tdcriter, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Neale, Mr. Thornhagh. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 90 die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii IF1* Regis, 1748.

PRAYBRS.

MR. Fazackerley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for diverting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee-simple of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbeach, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln; and of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex and the Buildings thereon, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for veiling the same in certain other Persons, therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned j And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of,

in the County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more effectual; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill} viz.

Press 2. L. 9. After " B," to insert " in the " Kingdom of Ireland

Press 7. L. 4. After " Hall," to insert " or Market. " house."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the County of Hereford-, and for making the said Act

more effedV^aj.

Ti).at the Lord Harley do carry the Bill to the Lo*"^, -..uiriefire their Concurrence.

A Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of

this

Laws re-

spe&ir\£ the Government of the Navy.

Spalding and Holbeach Manors,

Leominster

Roads.

Land Tax

Com mi fTi oners Names Sec.

4i Geo. It 90 Martiu 775

this prfcfent Session of P&rlidment, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine j and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

Treaty Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the With Russia. House, by his Majesty's Command,

Copy of the Convention between his Majesty and the Empress of Russia: Signed at St. Petersburg, 9th ber 1747; and

Translation: And also,

Copy of the additional Convention for the Campaign of 1748 — Hague, May 3d,- 1748; and Translation.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read:

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Translations thereof are as follow; viz.

Translation of the Convention between his Majesty and the Empress of Russia, signed at St. Peterfbourg, 9th December 1747.

In the Name of the Holy and Undivided Trinity.

ALTHOUGH his Majesty the King of Great Britain

and her Imperial Majesty of all the by virtue of

the Treaty of defensive Alliance concluded the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-two, and happily fub-lifting hitherto, have reciprocally promised each other to use their Endeavours and Efforts principally to the end that a general Tranquillity may be maintained in nevertheless his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, in order to give each other reiterated Proofs of their mutual Friendship, and of their sincere Delire to proceed always with one Accord for the Safety of their common Allies, and to secure themselves from certain Events which might happen in the next Year One thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight, and to put themselves in a Condition against them, they have furnished with their full Powers; to wit. His Majesty the King of Great Britain, John Earl of Hynd-ford, Viscount lnglesbury and Nemphler, Lord Carmichael of Carmichael, Peer of Great Britain, the King's Lieutenant in the Shire of Lauerk, and Knight of the most ancient and illustrious Order of the Thijtle, Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of his laid Britannick Majesty to her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias: And her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, her Chancellor, actual Privy-Counsellor, Senator, and Knight of the Orders of St. Andrew, of the White Eagle, and of St. Alexander Newjky Alexei, Count de Rumin,

and her Vice-Chancellor, actual Privy-Counsellor, Lieutenant of the Company of Body Guards, actual Chamberlain, and Knight of the Orders of the White Eagle, of the Black Eagle, of St. Alexander Newjky, and of St. Anne, Michael Count de Woronzow: Which Ministers, after some previous Conferences, and after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, are agreed on the following Articles:

Art. I.

Her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, without attending to some Hopes which might be entertained of the Renewal of the Conferences of Pacification between the belligerent Powers, engages nevertheless, in order to second the Views of his Britannick Majesty, to forward a speedy Peace for the Good and Safety of the common Allies, to hold in Readiness, during the Course of the Year One thousand Seven hundred Forty-eight, to be Vol. 25.

computed from the First Day of January inclusively, tint'll the First Day of January One thousand Seven hundred Forty-nine, making, in the Whole, a Year of Twelve Months; upon the Frontiers of Livonia, adjoining to Lithuania, a Body of Thirty thousand Men, Infantry; and, besides that. Forty or Fifty Gallies, with the necessary Crews, upon the Coasts; so that they may be able to act upon the first Requifltion to be made by his Britannick Majesty, and express, at the Place where Necessity shall require it, in order to assist his Majesty as well as the common Ally her Majesty the Empress of the Romans, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia.

Art. II.

His Britannick Majesty engages, on his Part, in order to supply the Expences which the Maintenance of the said Troops and Gallies shall cause to the Empress of all the Ruffias, to pay to her, once for all, for the Year 1748, One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling, as soon as the Ratification of this Convention shall have been exchanged.

Art. III.

In case his Britannick Majesty should please to retain the said Body further, during the Year, 1749, under the Conditions settled by the present Convention, his Majesty engages to notify it betimes; namely, in the Month of November of the Year 1748, to the end that, if his Britannick Majesty should not have further Occasion to keep the said Body in that Country, it may go back again, as shall be judged convenient, into the Heart of this Empire.

Art. IV.

As the Conditions for the March and for the Subsistence of the aforesaid Troops, in case they should be; required by his Britannick Majesty to pass the Frontiers of Russia, have not been settled in the Convention of the Twelfth June of the current Year One thousand Seven hundred Forty-seven, his Britannick Majesty, to obviate eventually all Sort of Difficulties, and to reap the good Effect of this Convention in case of Need, as well as to defray the Expences and Subsistence of the aforesaid T roops and Gallies, engages to pay to her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias, besides the Hundred thousand Pounds Sterling above stipulated for the Maintenance of the Troops upon the Frontiers of Livonia and Courland, the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds Sterling a Year, without the Hundred thousand Pounds Sterling above-mentioned being deducted in any Manner loever; and to cause to be paid regularly, for every Four Months, beforehand, the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds Sterling; so that the Payment for the First Four Months shall be made as soon as the said Troops, at the Requisition of his Britannick Majesty, shall have put themselves in Motion, and: shall quit the Frontiers of Livonia: And these Subsidles shall be continued, till, by his Britannick Majesty's own Pleasure, the aforesaid Troops be returned to the Frontiers of Livonia: Her Imperial Majesty of all the Ruffias engages, on her Side, to join to the aforesaid Body, and so fend. Six thousand Men, Coffiacks and Calmucks, in order to a ft at the first Requisition on thp Part of his Britannick Majesty, from the same Frontiers of Livonia or Courland, against such neighbouring Power of the Empire of Russia who may think of attacking the States of his Britannick Majesty, or those of her Majesty the Em-' press of the Romans, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, in the following Manner; to wit. That a necessary Number of the Troops shall be employed on board the Gallies and Kantfchebaffes, and the^ft in Conjunction with the Cof-Jacks and Calmucks by Land.

Art.' V.

Although her Imperial Majesty' of all the Ruffias charges herself, by virtue of the preceding Fourth Article, with the Maintainince of the Troops, it is however agreed. That in case that, by the common, Consent of the Two high Parties, the Reason of the War should require that these Troops, being in Pursuit of the Enemy,' or otherwise, should depart from the Enemy's Countries, and should enter into the Territories of some allied or neutral Power, his Britannick Majesty obliges himself, in

Treaty ith Russia.

9° Martii.

A. 1748.

Treaty with that Cafe, to provide the aforesaid Body of Troops as well with Provisions and Forage, as with other Necessaries, according to the Tenor or the Convention lately concluded the Nineteenth of November of the present Year 1747, with regard to a Body of Imperial Troops of granted to the Two Maritime Powers*

Art. YY

But howsoever difkant thele Troops may be in pursuing the Enemy, be it either in the Enemy's Countries, or in allied or neutral Countries* her Majesty the Empress of all the Ruffles shall be at any time and always at Liberty to make them return, in case that her Empire be attacked by any Power, Christian or not Christian; and his Majesty the King of Great Britain engages not only to conX tinue the Payment of t be Subsidies above (lipulated till the aforesaid Troops be returned upon the Frontiers of Livonia, but to furnish at the same time her Imperial Majesty of all the Rufflast without Obstacle, and in the Whole* during all the time that the War shall last, the Succour stipulated by the Treaty of defensive Alliance concluded between the Two high contracting Parties in 1742, in Ships or in Money, according as it shall be found most convenient, or most useful for her Defence, on the Part of her Majesty the Emprefi of all the Ruffles,

Art. VII.

His Btitartniek Majesty engages likewise not to entef into any Negotiation of Peace or Armistice, without having concerted with her Majesty the Empreft of all the Ruffles, and much iefs to conclude any thing which should relate to the Peace, but to invite in time to the Conferences, which shall be held, One or more Imperial Ministers of Russia; and not to favour without him, or without them, any Proportion of Peace made on the Part of the Enemy; but to take care, in Conjunction with him or with them, that her Majesty the Emprcfe of all the Rufflasbe comprehended in this Peace, without which his Britamdck Majesty engages not to consent thereto; to the end that her Majesty the Empress of all the Raffias, as a Power which, in truth, does not directly take Part in the War, but which co-operates so effectually to the Re-establishment of the Peace, may not be exposed, in Resentment of the Succour to be granted, to any Prejudice or Inconvenience.

Art. VIII.

The Ratifications of the present Convention ftutll be exchanged here at St. in the space of Two

Months, or sooner, if it can be done.

In Testimony whereof, we the aforesaid Ministers hav caused Two Parts of the present Convention to be made of the same Tenor, containing the Eight preceding Articles, and have signed them by virtue of our Full Powers, and have set thereto the Seals of our Arms.

Done at St. Petersburgh, the 9th of December One thousand Seven hundred Forty-seven.

(L. S.)

Translation of the Additional Convention for the Campaign of 1748.

THE allied Powers having found that the great Augmentation of Infantry, settled by the Convention of the 26th of January of the present Year, required also a Proportion of Cavalry;

Article ift

Her Majesty the Empress Queen hereby engages to cause Four Regiments of Horse to march, each Regiment confiding of One thousand efie&ra Men; which shall be put in Motion as soon as poflime, even without waiting for the Arrival of the Russian Troops, if by any unforc-seen Delay of the Russianstheir March can take place before the arrival of the said Body of Troops.

Article II4.

The better to enable the Empress Queen to defray the Expences of the March and of the Subsistence of the said Four thousand Men, his Majesty the King of Great tain, oi the Lords the States General of the United Provinces and the Low Countries, engage themselves to pay to her Imperial Majesty, Queen of Hungary and Bohemia, an *4

additional Subsidy of £. too,000 Sterling; to wit

£. 75,000 on account of his Majesty, and 25,000 on account of the States General: Which Sums shall he paid at Two Payments; to wit,£. 50,000 on the ill of the Month of June, and £. 50,000 on the lit of the Month of July next.

Article IIId.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain, having (that he might not let (lip any Opportunity of augmenting the Forces of the Allies) by this Disposition, made an Addition to his Contingent of 3,000 Horle, the Lords the States General engage, by the present Convention, to augment their Contingent, already fixed at 66,000 Men, by the Addition of 1,000 Horse and 2,000 Foot, over and above what has been stipulated in the ad Article ;and the Specification of the Corps, of which the said Addition shall becomposed, shall be made immediately after the Signature of the present Convention. Concluded and signed by the under-written Ministers Plenipotentiaries and Deputies respectively authorized for that Purpose on the Part of his Majesty the King of Great Britain, her Imperial Majesty the Queen of Hungary and , and

their High Mightinesses the States General of the United Provinces, at the Hague, the 3d, of May 1748.

(L. S.) S, Dayrollt. (L. S.) Le Baron de

(L. S.) W. Torek.

(L. S.) C. V. Dyke.

(L. S.) J. Gilles.

(L. S.) P.

(L. S.)

(L. S,) G. IV. Hamerjler.

(L. S.) Eckelboom.

(L. S.) E. Tanminga.

Ordered That the said Papers do lie upon the Table,-to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Motion being made, That the Bill to enable the Brlhop of London, or his Successors, to demise or fell the capital Messuage or Mansion-house called for the Benefit of the Bishoprick of London, be now read at Second time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequerby his Majesty'sCom-' mand, acquainted tire House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Content, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read a Second-time.

Resolved , That the Bill be committed to Lord Duplin, Mr. West, Mr. Legge, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Cust, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyttleton, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Mr.

Sir Dan. Osborne, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Strange, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sir

Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Fazackerley, Colonel

Maden, Lord Barrington, Colonel Conway, Lord Gage, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Martin, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Sandys , General ney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Efflex, and Hertford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker^ Chamber.

The House was moved. That so much of his Majesty's most gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament, as relates to the Advancement of our Commerce, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be leftied «nd improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into pretend

to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries.

And

Sale of

London

House.

Trade to H t.foil's Bay.

22 Geo. II. 90 — io 777

And aCommittee was appointed of Lord Mr.

Wm. Pitt, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Lord Earl

of Egmont, Mr. James Mr. Tho. Pitt, Mr.

Secretary at War, Mr. Ly it let on, Sir Tho. Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Legge, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Shuttltyvorth, Mr. Hardinge , Mr. Nor they, Mr. Fazatkerley, Lord Mr. Walpole, Lord Gage, Mr. Fane, Mr. Bap. . Gower, Lord Geo. Sackville, Colonel Conivay, Mr.

Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis Dashwood-, and all the Members who serve for the Coast Counties; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordnance Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Debt. House, a State of the Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it flood on the 31st Day of December last; with the Reasons how the said Debt came to be incurred.

Fttnifting Aningrofled Bill forpuniffiing Mutiny and Desertion; l*«»y and and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quar-Defotkm. ters . was rea(j tj,e Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Press 5. Line 29. By inserting, after the Word " Mar-' * tial," the Words " unless thereto required by either

House of Parliament

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " either House," and inserting the Word " Aft" instead thereof:

And the Question being put, That the Words " either " House" Hand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeHer, for ,bc Yeas,} 66.

»r it r xt (Sir Francis Drake, 7

Tdte for the NocsV Mr. { 99-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, that the Word " Aft" be inserted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative:

Then the said Amendment, so amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Other Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill, by inserting, in the same Line, before the Word " and, " the Words " So help me God j" and, in Line 38, by inserting, after the Word " Martial," the Words " unless thereto required by Act of Parliament And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH. for £jmjting limiting respective Times beyond which, no Non-com- Service in the million Officer or Soldier now or who may hereafter be Army, such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be compelled to continue in the said Service: And that Mr. Thomas Pitt,

Sir Francis Dashwood, and Mr. Sydenh> do prepare, and

bring in, the fame,

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning Office of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Coroner, upon the Bill for the better Ordering of die Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Statutes of whole House, to whom the Bill, for remedying Inconve- Hue and niencies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions Cr7* on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was committed, be received upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Martii;

Anno 2a0 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

A PETIT IO N of the Merchants, and others, in- African iV terested in the Trade to Africa, from the Port of Trade. Liverpoole, was presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That the Petitioners are of Opinion, That the bell Security and Protection of our Trade to the Coast of , from Pirates, or other Enemies, mull always principally depend upon his Majesty's Ships of War frequently visiting, properly stationed, and timely relieved, on the Coast:

And that whereas Forts and Settlements on that Coast: are generally esteemed necessary, as Marks of Sovereignty and Possession, to prevent our Rivals from the Pretence or Claim of any exclusive Right of Trade, by reason of the Forts and Settlements they now have, or hereafter may be possessed of, such Forts and Settlements, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, would prove a Burden and Nuisance in the Hands of any Joint-Stock Company, whose private.Interest has, and ever will be, found incompatible with the Interest of the separate and open Traders:

And therefore praying. That our present Forts and Settlements on the African Coast may be taken into his Majesty's immediate Possession, and supported by the Publick, for the general Good of the British Trade j or, if this cannot be obtained, that the Care of them may be committed to the Merchants trading to that Coast, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet; not thereby to acquire any other Advantage or Right in the said Trade, but what shall be in common with all his Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

_A«I<Ires* on Resolved, Nemine coniradicente. That an humble Ad- A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and African the Bmh of a dress be presented to his Majesty, to congratulate his Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers Trade. r*nce. s. Majesty upon the Increase of the Royal Family, by her within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was Royal Highness the Princess of Wales being happily de- presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Pe-livered ot a Princess. titioners apprehend, that the Forts and Settlements on the

Ordered, That the said Addrfs be presented to his Ma- Coast of Africa are necessary to be kept up for asserting: jesty, by such Members of this House are of his Majesty's his Majesty's Right of Sovereignty and Possession; and most Honourable Privy-Council. rnay, under proper Regulations, be made serviceable to

ltfeflageto Resolved, Nemine coniradicente. That a congratulatory Trade; but that such Forts and Settlements would prove the Prince of Message be sent to their Royal Highnesses the Princeand a great Burden, were they in the Hands of any Joint-^B'fiThof" ^>r'n^e^s Wales on this happy Occasion. Stock Company, whose Interest hath been, and ever will

Princess.' ° Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake, Sir Richard Wrottef-be, found incompatible with that of a free and open Icy, Mr. Sandys, M r. Hampden, Mr. Archer, Colonel Trade; and that the Security and Protection of the Trade Campbell, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Norlhey, Mr. Conyngham, and . on that Coast will greatly depend on his Majesty's Ships Mr. Edward Eliot, do attend their Royal Highnesses' of VWar, properly stationed, and'timely relieved: And with the said MdTage. therefore praying, That the said Forts and Settlements

Vol. 25. 9 M may

778 100 Martii. ^.1748.

may be taken into his Majesty's Possession, and the Care thereof committed to Merchants, who shall have no other Benefit or Right in the said Trade than in common with all his Majesty'sSubjects; or that fuel) Provision may be made, for the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

Woollen, tee. A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act* tarea!* ^* n^de in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's

Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Fii;ft Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectually preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majestjr King the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hor.

Walpole, Mr. Lockyer, Colonel General

Mr. Southwell, Mr. Co, Mr. Cha. , Mr.

Villiers, Mr. Gy bbon, Mr. , Mr. Sir Hugh

Smithson, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Gajhry, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mitchell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. . Walpole junior, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Cornewalh, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, York, Gloucester, Essex, Somer-

set, Wilts, Devon, Warwick, and And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

Answer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Addrefj. Address, of Yesterday, to congratulate his Majesty upon the Increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Princess, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty was pleased to receive the same very graciously.

Borough- Mr. Comptroller presented to the House ,according bridge to to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from

bridge, in the County of York, to in the fame

County, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refohied, That the Bill be read a Second time.

MUborne- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Port Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the

Election. Brough of Milborne-Port, in the County of Somerset, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Argyll The Lofd Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, County Rate according to Order, a Bill for making an authentick Roll o a uauon. Valuation for the Shire of: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Kinghorn Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whom Harbour,&c. the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee Jjad gone

through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

The House being informed. That something had been omitted by the Committee, proper for them to insert in the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Mr. Mitchell reported from the Committee, to whom Anflrothtr the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots upon every E'fter Town Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, Dtbts»ic-brewed, brought in, or tapped for Safe, within the Town of Anfiruther Easter, and Liberties thereof, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the % Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Kilburn

whom the Bill for continuing and making more effectual Bridge Two Acts of Parliament, One passed in the Tenth Year ®‘oadl-of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty '

King George the First, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of

Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hert-foid, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they' had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, in all Cases where an Oath was required by the Bill, Quakers should be allowed to give their Affirmation:

And the same was twice read with a Blank, which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

An Account of extraordinary Expences incurred in AnnyExm. Flanders, in North Britain, and America, and of other Ser-

vices, in the Year 1748,001 provided for by Parliament:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of chelsea

Hospital, for the Year 1749. Peafioocn.

And the Title of the said Account and Estimate were read.

The said Account and Estimate are as follow; yviz.

n Geo. II

io6 Martii.

779

As ACCOUNT of extraordinary Expences incurred in Flanders, in North and America, and of other

Services, in the Year 1748, not provided for by Parliament.

Extraordinary Services in Flanders.

Por Bread, over and above the usual Deductions from the Troops, and for Magazines of Grain ——

Por Bread Waggons - - - - -

For Forage Waggons ——

For the Hospitals ——

For Wood and Straw to the Troops ——

For the Pay of Three Independent Companies, from the 25th December 1 747, to the 24th November 1748, the Day of their Discharge ----- -- 3,097 17 10

For Cloathing to the said Companies - - - - 675 17 —

For Contingencies, secret Service, and Intelligence, and other extraordinary Services of divers Natures ——

For Fire and Candle, and other Extraordinaries, to the Troops in their Winter Quarters ——

For the Pay of additional Staff Officers ——

For the Expences of the March of the IVolfenbuttle Troops to join the allied Army, and for their March home - -

For Exprcfl'es, Passageof Letters, and Packets, paid to the Postmaster-General of the Army ——

For Baggage Money to the Regiments and Regimental Staff Officers To Mr. John Pixley, for the Hire of Boats

To make good the Deficiency of the Stoppages- from several Regiments, for Camp Necessaries -

For Foi ge Money to the Battalions of Foot, and for the General and Staff

Offiah.....-

To John Theodore VahderRhur, for Oxen for the Use of the Army

For the L >tll-s sustained by the Troops of Hanover in the Campaign 1747 For the Expences incurred by the said Troops on their March home To Abraham Prado, for Freight and Charges in transporting Bread and Forage To a further Proportion of Levy Money to the IVolfenbuttle Troops, over and above the estimated Charge of "thole Troops laid before Parliament the last Year ——

Extraordinary Expences of the Forces in North Britain.

For Forage to the several Regiments in North Britain, and also for the usual Allowance of Forage Money to the General and Staff Officers there, by virtue of the Warrants of the Commandet in Chief ——

For secret Service, and extraordinary Expences for carrying on

his Majesty's Service in the Highlands - - - 380 8 10

To Expence of the several Sheriffs in executing the Summons

for disarming the Northern Counties in Scotland - - 160 2 3

To the Officers employed in reducing the Troops - - 86 ——

To Mr. Robert Gardiner, on Account for covered Waggons furnished and employed by him, and for Fire and Bedding supplied by him, for the Service of the Forces ——

For the Pay of Staff Officers extraordinary, not upon the Establishment of North Britain -

To the Charge of the Hospital ——

For rebuilding the Arch of Sterling Bridge, which was broke down during the Rebellion ——

To Major Caulfield, for the Expences of carrying on the new

Roads in North Britain - - - 9,500 — —

To Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges - - 500 ——

To Thomas Dnndafs F.squire, for his Allowance as Commissary of lick and wounded Pi iloners of War, during the Rebellion Annis 1745 and 1746, and for all Expences in executing that Commission -To Mr. Griffith, Matter Gunner of Edinburgh Cattle, for a Balance due to him for Hoi les and Carriges employed by him as Commissary-General of the Train in an Expedition under Sir John Cope, and for his Salary in this Service, and for his Allowance whilst a Prisoner to the Rebels - For One Year's Supply of Eire and Candle, and Bedding, to the Four Garrisons in North Britain, from 25th December 1746, to 24th December 1747 To George Douglas and George Thomson Esquires, for Hides, Timber, Provisions, and Liquor , furni(hcd, and for Charges of Gunners and Matroffes during the Siege of Fort William by the Rebels, Anno 1746 -

Vol. 25.

j. d.

51,096 2 11

61,547 3 5

2>354 2 2

15,600 ——

45>523 *2 2

3,773 H 10

I2>®35 *5 5

7,696 17 4 6,845 lS —

4,342 9 11

1,316 4 6

3,500 ——

480 ——

M51 5 8

11,222 17 1

834 18 9 28,050 16 7

976 14 IO 1,160 11 7

3»79* *3 4

7,401 8 7

£ s. d. 264,100 15 6

626 11 1

933 2 S

649 10 —

400 — —

316 16 10

10,000 ——

505 ——

456 17 1

984 8 3

593 3 1

22,867 17 4 Other

780

io5 Ma

A. 1748.

Other extraordinary Services.

To satisfying the Contractors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Six Pence per Man per Week flopped from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuaint to Contract -

To the Insurance from Capture of 3,000 Barrels delivered at Port-Mahon - -

To make good all Insurance of Provisions shipped to Minorca, to 24 March 1746 -

882 8 2

1,514 11 10 1,168 17 7

545 1* 10

To his Majesty's Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished for the Garrison of Gibraltar - - - - _ - -

To Thomas Revtll Esquire, Contractor for victualling , and to answer

all Payments made and to be made to complete that Service, as well for Victualling, as for Insurance aitf incident Charges, to the 24th December 1748 -To D°, to indemnify the Lots of Provisions ordered oh board the Charming Salley, taken by a French Privateer in her Voyage to South Carolina, to supply General Oglethorpe' % Regiment - -

To the late General Wentworth, in Satisfaction of all extraordinary Expencesat Turin on his own Account, and his Aids de Camp, to the Day of his Death - - - r ——

To Lieutenant-General St. Clair, to enable him to repair to Turin, and act as Lieutenant-General in the King of Sardinia's Army - -

To General Mordaunt, to enable him to repair to Germany to receive the Russian

Forces, and to conduct them, jointly with the Dutch Commissary, to the Place of Destination - -

To Camp Necessaries to the several Battalions that were ordered that Year to Flanders ——

To Baggage Horses to the said Battalions - -

To the East India Company, for the Freight and Victualling of 1,519 Men, composing the Companies that went under the Command of Admiral cawen, at the Rate of £. 10 a Man -

To Mr. Gamier, for Medicines, Materials, and Utensils, provided for the Forces under the Command of Admiral; D# in Zealand, the

Hospitals in Brabant, Fluffing, in the Low Countries, and in Scotland

To Francis Gildart Esquire, for Cost and Carriage of Bread from to

Carlisle, to supply the Forces under his Royal Highness the Duke's Command, during the late Rebellion - _ -

To Major Aiding, to pay for a Vessel hired to carry a Party of General Phillips's Regiment, to raise the Siege of Annapoiis - -

To Lieutenant-Colonel Majearine, for Fire and Candle to the additional Men of General Phillips's Regiment, and for transporting Officers and Men, and for Medicines, and Attendance on the lick Men 4t Boston-

For the extraordinary Pay or Douceurs, Waggon Money, and other Extraordinaries, due to the Hejfian Forces, from the 8th November 1746, to 5th November 1747 ——

To Grass Money to Major-General Hamilton's Dragoons, for the Years 1745 and 1746 ----- - 909 16 6

For D°, to Lord Cob hams Dragoons, for the Year 1748 - 21a ia 6

For D", to General Bland's Regiment, for same Year - - 259 17

To Luke Gardiner Esquire, for providing Transports for 24 Corporals, 12 Drums, and 624 Men, draughted from Ireland, and sent from Cork, to mouth " -

To ChaunceyTotvnjhend Esquire, for One Year's Insurance, at £ io Cent, on

£. 2,929 is. 6 d.the Amount of One Year's Provisions to the Garrison of Rattan, from the 25th December 1746, to 24 December 1747 -

To maintaining Two Troops of Rangers, a Highland Company, Boatmen, and Half Gallies, Indian Presents, and Provisions of Stores, and for all Extraordinaries for Georgia, to the 24th June 1747....

s. d.

*,275 — — 361 9 6

2,636 9 6

2,202 19 —

To Mr. William Paxton, to reimburse the Expences* of several Persons in Stafford, in providing Horses and Forage for the Army under his Royal Highness the Duke's Command, during the Rebellion -To Governor Trelawney, for transporting several Companies

of his Regiment to and from Jamaica, to Rattan, and for

Freight of Arms, Insurance, (Ac.- -

To D°, for providing for the Settlements at Rattan, and on the MufquittoShore

To D*, for building, a Fort at Black , on Mufquitto Shore -

To D°, for so much expended by him; for Spanish Spies,

Guides, and Presents to Samblas Indians - -

4,839 8 6

168 1 8

4,111 to 5 1,605 ——

2,152 — 9

828 4 6

500 ——

1.000 -

1.000 -

1,857 ——

1,190 ——

7,789 8 3

222 15 2 coo ——

1,208 4 —

20,197 8 9

1,382 6 6

1,947 18 2

292 18 3

9,584 9 2

To

32 Geo. II.

io° Martii.

To Jermyn Wright and Harman Verelfl Esquires, for purchasing Goods to be

distributed in Presents to the Indians in Alliance with the Province of South Carolina and Georgia ——

To an Addition of 3 s.per Diem to the Pay of each of the Four Exempts, and of 1 s. per Diem to the Pay of each of the Four Brigadiers, and of 1 s. per Diem to the Pay of cadi of the Sub-Brigadiers, belonging to the First Troop of Horse Guards, amounting, together, to £. 1 per Diem, which, for 365 Days, from 25th December 1746, to 24

December 1747, is - ----- - 365 ——

To the like Addition to the 2d Troop of Horse Guards - 365 — —

To an Addition of 6 s. per Diem to the Pay of each of the Two Lieutenants, and of 4;. per Diem to the Pay of the Cornet, Guidon, and Adjutant, of the First Troop of Horse Guards, amounting, together, to 4*. per , which, foF 366 Days, from 25 December 1747, to 24th

December 1748, is ----- - - 439 4 —

To the like Addition to the 2d Troop of Horse Guards - 439 4 —

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishments for One Regiment of Dragoons, and Two Regiments of Foot, from 25 December 1747, to the several Days of their Reduction, in November 1748 - - 8,237 15 6

To D®, for the said Regiments, confiding of Iriflt Numbers, from the several Days in November 1748, to 24 December following - - - - 457 10 6

To Lord London, to defray Expences arising on disembarking the Troops put into Harwich by Stress of Weather ——

For sundry Services in America.

To Colonel Hopfon's Bills for Fuel, and other contingent Services, for the Garrison of Loutfbourg - - 15,469 4 —

To Commodore Knowles's Bill on the like Account - - 371 ti 4

To Gideon Wanton Esquire, Governor of Rhode Island, for railing, subsisting, providing with Arms, and clothing and transporting. Three Companies of Foot to Annapolis Royal ——

To Governor Clinton's Bills, for subsisting 24 Companies raised within the Province of New York ——

To Governor Shirley's Bills, for publick Services relating to his Majesty's Forces in New England ——

War-Office, 10th March 174-f.

Total

H. Fox.

78I

£. s. d.

3,000 — —

730 — -

878 8 —

8,695 6 —

500 — —

15,840 15 4

10,144 9 6

13,523 9 11

281 3 2

'£ s« d. 91^70 8 1

39,789 17 11 4i8,t23 18

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1749.

8,880 Out-pensioners, {landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, at 5 d. per Diem each ——

100 Letter-men, at 12 d. per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each - -

From which deduct,

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1749 ——

Remains to be granted upon account for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1749 -

, War-Office,

10 March 1744. H. Fox.

Per Diem. ( For 365 Days.

£- s. d. £. s. d.

185 — — 67»525

5 1,825 -- —

1 3 3 424 6 3

191 3 3 69,774 6 3

m m 6,500 — —

- £- ^3,274 6 3

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimate do lie on behalf of themselves, and others, living near to, and upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the usually travelling through, the Road leading from the House. Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry,

to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the Kingston Sir John Elwillreported from the Committee, to whom County of Southampton-, and also the Petition of feve-"^Roads!* l^e Pcbti00 of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, ral Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, and other Persons, whose Names arc thereunto fiibscribed, living near, and frequently travelling, the Road leading Vol. 25. \ 9 N £om

78 z 10° Martiu . 1748.

from Hindhead Heath, where the Road breaks

out of the Portsmouth Road, through and

Midhurst, to the City of in the County of

Sussex, whole Names are lhereunto subscribed; -and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders living in and near the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry; were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follow-eth;

To prove the Allegations of the fir-ft-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Bernard said. That he surveyed the Road from Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near , in the County of Southampton, and found it in many Places very foun-derous; in others so narrow, that Two Carriages cannot

fafs each other; and some Places Co very narrow, that a 'erson on horseback cannot pass a Carriage without great Danger of being hurt; and that the said Road cannot be repaired and widened by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being for repairing the High-\ ways of this Kingdom.

' Mr. Richard Balchin laid. That the Portsmouth Waggons always go the said Road to Portsmouth.

Mr. Robert Quannal said, That the said Road is the great and common Road to

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Bernard laid. That the Road from the Weighing Poll on Hindhead Heath, to Chichester Cross, being Twenty-two Miles and Three Quarters, is in general very bad and founderous, and cannot be repaired by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws in being for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom.

And, to prove the Allegations of the third-mentioned Petition,

Mr. John Bernard said, That the Road from the Eall End of a Lane called Maningate Lane, near the Town of Kingston upon Thames, to the Beginning of the Pavement in the said Town, and from the End of the Pavement of the said Town to the South End of the said Town, is in general very narrow, and much out of Repair.

And it appeared to the Committee, That the last mentioned Road is very much out of Repair, and very jaarrow: That the same might be made a good Road at a small Expence, provided proper Powers were given "by Parliament; and would have been made so long ago, but for want of such Powers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton; and also the Road from Hindhead Heath, where the Chichester Road breaks out of the Portsmouth Road, through Fernhurfi Lane and Midhurst, to the City

of Chichester, in the County of And that Sir John

7 Elwilland Mr. Boone do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Lord Teynharo'*, . EiUte

Marlow's

EiUte.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eld and Mr.

Thursion:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Teynham and Sir Francis Curfon Baronet, for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, deceased, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for veftingtbe undivided Fifth Part of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Sussex, the Estate of tzer Marloti), and William Marlow his Son, an Infant, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same for the Purposes

*7

therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Broughtca for settling a certain yearly Payment to the Rector of Tyihet, Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for the Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,'An Act Aldworth* for naturalising Magdalen Aldworth, without any Amend- Nat-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Belchier presented to' the House, according to Southwark Order, a BiH for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Stuall Debtx-fmatl Debts within the Town and Borough of South-work, and the several Pa tithes of St. , St. Mary

at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Ratherhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the lame; And tire same was received; and read the First time.

Rtfatved, That tire Bill be read & Second time.

A BiH for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Bridal Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King Street*.

Ham the Third, for tire better preferring the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleaning, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of Brifixd, so far as the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating Hackney Coachmen, Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, within the said City and Liberties thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill ire committed to Mr. South-well, Sir James Johafion, Mr. Fane, Lord Harley, Mr.

Laroche, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lewis, Sir Walt. Wag. Bagott, Sir Cha. Mordaunt, Mr. Hawkins,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Bidler, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Moles-

werth, Mr. Char let on, Srr John Pennington, Mr. wall, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Northey, Mr. Godolp/Un, Sir Nath.

Curzou, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Gwyrtoe; and all the Members who serve for the City of Bristol, and for the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the -Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, Diu». of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; reciting several Allegations and Provisions contained in an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome-, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the said City: And setting forth. That, since the Palling of the said Act, the Petitioners have, at a great Expence, purchased a large Piece of Ground, and removed the Markets from Broad-street and Wine-street into the fame: That great Abuses have been, and are daily committed, by the Sellers of Hay and Straw brought into the said City, by felling it short of its Weight: And therefore praying, That, in the Bill depending in the House, for making more effectual the said Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome-, and for the cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the said Streets of the said City of Bristol, so far as the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets; and for regulating Hackney-Coachmen,

Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, within the said City and Liberties thereof; Provision may be made for impowering the said Petitioners to make such and the same Rules and Orders for the regulating, ordering, and governing, the Markets, in the Place where they now are, or in any other Place in the said City where such Markets may hereafter be kept, and of all Persons reporting thereto, in such and the like Manner, and under the same Penalties,

as

a 2 Geo. II.

io° — tsf Bdartii.

785

m % in and by ibe JaM westal Act, tof fk Eleventh and

Twelfth of King William the Third, i*ywrtictriwty tnOft-tioned touching the Markets then kept in Broad-street, Higher eel, and Wine-street; and that the Sellers of Hay and Straw in Ihe said City may be obliged to bring their Hay in TraHes. and their Straw in Bundles, of such Weight, and tinder such Penalties, as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme* as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And tt is referred to Mr. Southwell, Mr. Fane, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Girt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Northey, Sir t Wag. Bagon, Mr. Kynaston Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Butter, Sir John Molesworth, Sir John Ptn-odngtvn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Godobphm, -Sir Robert , Sir James Johnstone. Lord Harley, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Lewis, Sir Charts Mordaum, Mr. Mr. Ctrnewa/1, Mr.

Charleton, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Gwynne; and all the Members who leeve for the City of and for the

Counties of Clone efttr, Semerfft, and Wiles: And they me to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Way* The Order of the Day being read, for the House to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

Sappty. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty»

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, relblve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Lavite* The House refoived itself into a Committee of the speflinj: the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amend* GwwTHTient jngt explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Fete Beanelerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

The Lord Vert Beauelerk reported from the Committee, That they bad made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Prince of Wain'An* lVrerto M cOgc.

Lunee^130 die Martii;

Anno 220 Georgii IP* Regis, 1748.

Sir Francis Drake reported to the House, That his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales bad been attended with the congratulatory Message of this House on the Increase of the Royal Family, by the Princess of Wales being happily delivered of a Princess; and that his Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Thank you for the Duty you shew on this Occasion to the King, and the Regard you shew to me.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

PlATEtl.

ABILL for diverting the Crown of the ReverGon in Spalding and Fee-Gmple of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbeach Ho/beach, and of several "Lands, Tenements, and Here- Manor*, Sec. ditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln; and of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middle f ex, and the Buildings thereon, expectant on certain Elutes Tail; and for vesting the same in certain other Persons, therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Yonge, Mr. Fane, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Mr. Car-

michael, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Sir John Rsufhout, Mr. Faz.ack.crly, Mr. Plumer, General Campbell, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Cornwallis, Mr. ElHs, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Walpole, Sir Hugh Smithfan, Lord Barrington, Colonel Conway, Colonel Bocland, Colonel Campbell,

Mr. Cotebrooke, Sir Wm. Bea. ProSlor, Mr. Hume, Lord

Advocate of Scotland, Lord Hartington, Mr. Legge,

Lord Trentham, Lord Bury, Lord Panmure, Colonel Abercrombie, Colonel Waldgrave, Mr. Rich. Leveson Gower, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Offley, General Onslow, Mr.

Earle, Mr. Scott, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

Fletcher, Mr. Carter; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoln and Middlesex And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Dupplin reported, from the Committee, to BetlowPara* whom the Bill for confirming an Order and Rule of the chial Rate*. Court of Common-Pleas for aflrffing certain Lands and Tenements, in the Manor of Betlow, to the Parochial Rates and Levies of and in the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertford, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; ‘.nd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Earle preferred to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Order, a State of the Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as Debt, it flood on the 31st December 1748; with the Reasons bow the ibid Debt came to be incurred.

And the Title of the said State was read.

The said State is as followeth; viz.

VOL. 45.

Lord

Tcynham's, ice. Estate.

Marlow's

Estate.

Watlington

Inclosure.

Harrison's

Name.

Worcester, ice. Roads.

784

130 Ma

A. 1748.

A S T AT E of the Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it flood on the 31st December last j with the Reasons how

the said Debt came to be incurred; viz.

For Stores supplied, and Services performed ——

Sundry Freights and Incidents - -.-

Gunpowder ——

Small Arms ——

Iron Ordnance, Mortars, Shot, and Shells ——

Towards defraying of which there remains in the Hands of John Esquire, Treasure 7

and Pay mailer - - - - y

Total Debt -

Reasons how the said Debt came to be incurred.

The extraordinary Expences in hiring Storehouses, Magazines, Wharfs, &c. and Pay of People at and

Jamaica, for the Use of the Royal Navy.

The Additions and Alterations made to the Establishment of Guns and Gunners Stores for the Royal Navy, pursuant to his Majesty's Orders in Council.

The Loss of Guns and Gunners Stores with his Majesty's Ships, Sloops, and Vessels, during the War.

The vast Increase of the Royal Navy, which employed and maintained such a Number of Men, over and above what were voted, has in great measure been die Occasion of this Debt; there being so intimate a Connection betwixt The Navy and this Office, that what increases theirs on this Head, must necessarily increase ours in proportion. Office of Ordnance, loth March 1748

J. L. Ligonier, IV. Earle,

A. Wilkinson, Charles Frederick,

L 5. d.

119,259 I 8

24.348 J5 3

15,860 —

34,066 9 2

5J.405 12 3

246,939 18 4

>6,557 *3 3

230,382 5 I --sar

Ordered, That the said State do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Teynham and Sir Francis Curjon Baronet, for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, deceased, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes hereby intended; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Fifth Part of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Suffer, the Estate of Eben-ezar Marlow and William Marlow his Son, an Infant, in Trustees, jn Trull, to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committe, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Walles within the Manor and Parish of WatlingUm, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

Sir John Cust reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Harrison to take and use the Surname of Kimpfon, in Performance of a Condition contained in the Will of Thomas Kimpfon, Clerk, deceased, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,.and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of several of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution the Acts of Parliament, formerly passed, for repairing the Roads leading from the City of Worceft to Droitwich, in the County of Worcester, assembled, on the 6th Day of

in the City of IVtircester, pursuant to an Adjournment

of the last Meeting of several of the said Trustees, presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and cont inued by former Acts of Parliament for repairing the Roads aforesaid, and other Roads in the Bill mentioned, has been lately reported from a Committee of the

House to whom the said Bill was committed, with fever ral Amendments; which Bill, if passed into a Law as amended, will, as the Petitioners are adviled, deprive them ofa Right which they are intitled to under, and by virtue of, One of the said former Acts of Parliament: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, again It the said Bill now depending, before the same shall pass the House; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That this Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Road from wich, to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was re-committed, with respect to the Clause in Folio 7, and 8. for authorizing and impowering Persons to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Question, by leaving out the Words " until the Report " be received from the Committee, to whom the Bill " for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted " and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One " passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, " for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, " through the Borough of Droitwich, to Bridge,

near Bromsgrove, in the County of IVcrcester; and " also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradky Brook, in the same County; was recommitted, with " respect to the clause in Folio 7, and 8. for authorizing and impowering Persons to put the said former " Acts and this present Act in Execution; and that the " Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their. " Petition, if they think fit."

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered,

22 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

Sutton, tee. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Drainage, for draining and preserving cfcitain F^n Lands and low Grounds in the several Parishes of , Mepalt.lVitcham, Chatteris., Doddington, and a Place calieci in the

JJle of Ely and County of and also in the Pa-

rilhes of Somersham and with in the County of Huntingdon, without any Amendment: And also, Ellenfoot The I ords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,' An Act Harbour, for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the Harbour of Ellenfoot, in the County of , without any

Amendment: And also,

Newcastle The Lords have agreed to the Bii'l, intituled, An Act upon Tyne for repairing the Road from the West near the

Road. Town of Newcastleupon Tyne, through th. West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newham Edge, Bel-say Mill, and South Middleton, to the North Side of the River Wanfpeck. in the County of Northumberland, without any Amendment: And also.

North Shields The Lords have agreed to t he Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for repairing the Road from North Shields, in the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, without any Amendment: And also,

Wakerlev, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act &c.Indoiure» for confirming and eltabhftiing an Agreement for divining and inclosing certain open Fields and Lands, in the Manors of Wakerley and frittering, in the County of Northampton, without any Amendment.

And tiien the Messengers withdrew.

Worreller Mr. Tracy reported from the Committee, to whom the

See. Road#'. Bill lor the further enlarging the Tertnand Powersgranted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One pal-fed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign ot her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the F'rft, for repairing the Roads from the City of through the

Borough of Droitvich, to Bridge, near

in the County n h b> if ter , and alf for repairing the Road from Droiiwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was re-corrmitted, with reip».ft to the Clause for authorizing and impowering Persons to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution; That the Committee had gone through the said Clause, and had made an Amendment thereunto; which they had di-refterd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Confederation upon Thursday Morning next.

LawsrefpeA- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a ing the Committee of the whole House, to consider further of S°the Xnv *or am*ncHng, explaining, and reducing into One

Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

The Lord Ftere Beaucle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whqle House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

785

Martis, 140 die Martii;

Anno 220 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of the City and Westminster Liberty 0; Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf 01 themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said C.ty and Liberty, was presented to the H.<use, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having observed, that a Committee is appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery, do rcpresent, That, notwithstanding the pre'eiH Peace, the Price of Fish has not fallen, as it was reasonable to have expedit'd, since many Hands might have been employed in the Fishery, upon the late Dischargeol Sa lors: That the Petitioners, apprehending it to be of the utmost Importance (and more particularly at this time, when the Price of Meat advances, occasioned by the Loss of lb many Cattle in this Kingdom, by the contagious D, (temper among them) to have the Price of Fish, after a living Profit given to encourage the Increase of Ftllrrmen, reduced to a reasonable Price to the Con-fumers; and therefore offer to the Consideration of the House, whether a free Market or Markeis for Fish, at some convenient Part or Parts of Westminster, as well as that at Billingsgate \nLondon, would not greatly contribute to such Increase of Employment for Fishermen, and bring the Price of Fish to a reasonable bate for the Consumers both in London and Westminster.- And praying the House to do therein as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiilcration of the Committee who are appointed to con-fidei of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Expiring who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursu- Laws, ant to the Resolutions which were, upon Monday the Sixth of this lnstant March, reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; and then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves in such Counties and Places in this Kingdom, as his Majesty, by Advice of his Privy-Council, shall judge proper.

The Lord Strange, from the Committee appointed to Trade to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries Hudson'aBay. adjoining to Huafon's Bay, and of the Tra *e carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of t he Lands and exclusiveTrade to those Countries, acquainted the House,

'That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That an humble Address be presented t > his Majesty, That his Majesty will be graciously plealed to give Directior.s, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report, dated loth August 1748, made by the Attorney and Soliicitor-General to the Lords of a Committee of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, in Obedience to their Lordships Order in Council, of the Fourth of February preceding, in relation to the Petition ot Arthur Dobbs Esquire.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That his Majesty will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Report, dated 10th August 1748, made by the Attorney and Soliicitor-General to the Lords of a Committee of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, in Obedience to their Lordfhhips Order in Coun*

9 O cii

13d- — 140 Martii.

786 i4° MartiL A, 1748.

cil, of the 4th of February preceding, in relation to the cleaning, paving»d enlightening, the Streets of the City Petition of Arthur Dobbs Esquire. of so far as the same Act relates to the paving and

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his enlightening the said Streets; and for the regu atingHack- Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his ney-Coachmen, Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, witum Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council. the said City and Liberties thereol; is committed; That

BetW An ingrossed Bill for confirming an Order and Rule Qf Parochial the Court of Common-Pleas for assessing certain Lands ate#* and Tenements, in the Manor of , to the Paro-

chial Rates and Levies of and in the Parish of Tring, in the County of Hertfordwas read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for confirming an Order and Rule of the Court of Common-Pleas for assessing certain Lands and Tenements, in the Manor of Bellow, to the Parochial Rates and Levies of and in the Parish of in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Settlement of Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Maraviau*. Committee, to whom the Petition of Abraham Baron of Gerfdorjff, Lewis Baron of Free Lord of

Lindheim, David Nilfckma Syndic, Charles

mann Baron of Hermfdorf, and Henry Croffart, Agent, Deputies from the united Moravian Churches, in behalf of themselves, and their united Brethren, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The said Report, and the Appendix thereto, are bound - up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the People known by the Name of -tas Fratrum, or the United Bretheren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America: And that Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe and Mr. Cornewall do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the said Report be printed.

Briitot Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Streets, &c. the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was referred, that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act, made in the iithand 12th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets, of the City of Bristol, was read:

Then the following Witness'es were called; viz.

John Foy, Fane, and Edward Cooper, Esquires: Who, being severally examined, laid. That, since the Palling of the said Act, the Corpration have purchased a large Piece of Ground, on Part of which an Exchange isbuilt, which, with the Ground; coftupwards of^40,oooo; and have removed the Markets formerly kept in Broad-street, High-street, and Wine-street, to the other Part of such Ground lying behind the Exchange, the said Markets having been found very inconvenient fthiift they were kept in those Streets.

Ami they further laid. That great Abuses have been, and daily are, committed by the Sellers of Hay and Straw brought into the said City, who frequently fell and deliver only Sixteen hundred Y\ eight instead of a Ton.

Ordered, That it bean instruction to the Committee, v to whom the Bill for making more effectu 1 an Act, passed in the Eltvemh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preterving the Navigation of the Rivers and; and for

24

they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, to-impower the said City to make Rules and Orders for the regulating, ordering, and governing, the Markets in t ie Place where they now are, or in any other Place in the said City; and to regulate the Sellers of Hay and Straw in the said City.

Mr. Horatio Walpole of King's Lynn reported from the Committee, to whom the.. Petition of the Merchants, Navigation. Owners and Mailers of Ship's, Lighters, and Vessels, and others, concerned in the Trade and Navigation of the Town and Port of King's Lynn, and upon the River called the Great Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the II )uL; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and , is as followeth; viz.

To/prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Committee examined,

Mr. William Elftobb: Who said, That the several navigable Rivers which serve the Counties of Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, and Northampton, fall into the River Ouze, near Denver Sluice, above Downham Bridge, which River runs to the Port of Lynn, through the several Parishes mentioned in the Petition; and that the Owners of Lands lying within those several Parishes are bound to repair the Banks of the said River.

Mr. same said, That he has had frequent Conversion and Transactions with several of the Land-owners in the Parishes described in the Petition, and has often attended Sessions of Sewers: That the Witness is satisfied the Land-owners in those several Parishes are obliged to repair and maintain the Banks of the Riverin the rel'peftive Parishes; and that he has beard most of them declare themselves to that Purpose: That the Method of repairing the said Banks is let down in an Adjoill Book kept for the several Parishes; by which Book it appears, what Part of the said Banks the Owners of particular Parcels of Land are bound to repair and maintain; and the rest of the said Banks are repaired by what is called a common Charge, that is to lay, by an Acre-lhot of all the Lands in the said Parish or Level.

Mr. Elftobb, being examined in regard to the Rapidity of the Current of the said River, informed your Committee, That he has been conversant in the Navigation of the said River about 25 Years, in which Period of Time the Rapidity of the Tides is greatly increased; and that the Tides have been observed to rile Two Feet higher in that Period:

For the Cause of such Increase, as well in the Height as Rapidity of the said Tide and Current, the Witness assigned the following Keafons:

That a great many Points of Land, which formerly projected into the River for about the Space of a Mile above, and as far below, the Town of , are now, by the continued Action of the Water, walked away; and the Inlet is worn much wider than formerly, by which means a greater Quantity of Tide-water is received: That several of the Forelands, which were formerly left for defending the Banks, are likewise scoured away; and many of the Banks, are now defended by Faggots and "Wood, commonly called Counter Shores, which greatly enhances the Charge of repairing the fame.

That the Trade and Navigation of the said River is very much increased within these 25 Years, which thft Witness apprehends to arise from the following Causes:

The Increase of the Burden of the-Ships and Lighters used in the said Navigation, by which means the Country is supplied at a cheaper. Rate with such Commodities as they take from the Port of Lynn:

That

i % "Geo. II. 14* Ma. 757

That the Navigation of fotne of the find Rivers has been extended, particularly from Yaxley to Thrapfitn; and another Reason of the Increase of the said Navigation is the Decay of the Outfall at Wi/bech.

Being acted if it was not possible to carry on the Navigation without Horses, he said, That it is absolutely impracticable: That the River, between Lynn and Germans is, in fbme Places, near a Mile wide; and many Sands are lodged in that Part of it; and the Channel is very crooked: That the Tide is very rapid, and the Waters are sometimes greatly agitited by Wind, so that the Strength of Horses is absolutely necessary, to prevent the Dangers the Vessels mud otherwise inevitably be exposed to: That feme of the Sands extend themselves to a great Distance from the Shore, which obliges the Navigators to use !o great a Length of Line, that it is impracticable to manage it by Men.

And the Witness said farther, That if it was practicable to navigate the said ltiver without Horses, which he does not apprehend it is, it mud be attended with such extraordinary Expence, as must be a great Burden on the Commodities with which the Country is served, and consequently diminith the Trade:

That l'mallLighters are much more exposed to Danger than the large ones; for that the large Lighters can often go from Lynn, when the small ones are confined by the Weather: That the narrow Part of the River, betwixt Germans and Stowbridge, is so crooked that the large Gangs of Lighters cannot be managed with Safety without Horses.

Mr. John Paine said, That he had been acquainted with the Navigation of the River Ouze about 30 Years: That he had served Mr. Bonning, a Coal-Merchant, in the Office of Crimp; and, after his Decease, managed the Bufi-nels for his Widow: That the Current of the River is more violent, and there is a greater Flux of Water, than formerly, occasioned, as the Witness apprehends, by the Mouth of the River being wide*-: That when he first was concerned in the said Navigation the largest Ships then used carried no more than aoo Chaldron of Coals, but that they now carry from 200 to 250 Chaldron: That the Lighters, used to unload the Ships Thirty Years ago, carried no more than 30 Chaldrons; but that the Lighters now used carry upwards of 100:

That the Country could not be served without using larger Lighters than formerly; for the Ships being increased in Tonnage, and consequently more lofty, it is impossible to unload them into a small Lighter without losing Half a Cnaldron of Coals in Ten:

That the Navigation of large Lighters is so much safer than small, that the Merchants at Cambridge refusecl to trust their Goods in small Lighten; and the Witness knew One Person, who was, on that account, obliged to buy large Lighters, to prevent the total Loss of his Business; forthat a great Number of small Lighters have been loft, and but few large ones: That there are several other Conveniencies in the Use of large Lighters; for that the (mailer Boats used to go with no other Covering than a Haircloth or Tilt; but that several of the large ones have Decks, which are very necessary for preserving several Sorts of Goods, particularly Salt, Flour, and Corn: That it is impossible to navigate large Vessels without Horses, they being lo heavy, and the Obstruction of the Ebbs and Currents lo great, that no Force of Men could manage them: That there are Places in the River so broad, as to require Fouri'core Fathom of Line, which the Strength of Men could never draw tight:

That the Navigation f the River has been extended within thele late Years, particularly front Yaxley to fion, and likewise from Lynn to Northampton, as also from Temsford to Bedford.- And that the C -amerce his been much increased in all its Branches, tlpecialiy in the Com and Coal Trade.

Charles Benton informed your Committee, That he was by Profession a Bridgeman , with h tjc exnlaineni t > be a Person whose Business it is to puot Boats up the River from Lynn:

VOL.25.

That he had known the River abotrt 24 Yeats; and that the Currents and Tides are now more rapid thart formerly: That it is impossible to carry on the Navigation without Horses, the River being so broad as to make it »le‘-cessary to vrfe a Line Fourfccrre Fathom long, which is fixed to a Pole Five or Six and Thirty Foot high; so that it would be impracticable for Men to prevent the Line from dragging in the Water:

That Boats often come from Germans loaded; and if the Wind should turn in their Passage, without the Assistance of Horses, the Loading must infallibly be loft, and the Boats beaten full of Water: That the small Craft, used heretofore, which lay not above Six Inches above the Water, was much more dangerous than Lighters now used, which lie 13 or 14 Inches above the Water; and that not a Tenth Part so many Vessels have been loft since the large Ones were used as formerly: And the Witness confirmed the Evidence of Mr. in regard to the Loss that muftattend the Unloading of Coals into fmaH Lighters; and the Necessity there was of having some Lighters built with Decks, for the Preservation of such Goods as would suffer Damage by Water.

Mr. John Kent said, That hewasa Bridgeman, and had been acquainted with the Navigation of the Rivers about 40 Years; and he confirmed the Evidence of the Two foregoing Witnesses, in regard to the Rapidity of the Tides, the Necessity of the Use of Hories, and the Utility of large Lighters; and also of the Loss that would attend the Unloading of Coals into small Craft: And added, That the Coals so loft would be the very best of the Coals.

Mr. Elftobb being examined, as to the Prejudice accruing to the respective Land-owners, by haling on the Banks, informed your Committee, That the Damage occasioned thereby, was, in the Opinion of the Witness, very inconsiderable: That the Banks are much injured by the Action of the Waters, particularly between Germans and Lynn; and he thinks it would cost the Land Owners near as much to repair them without haling upon them, as it does at present: And this he is the better enabled to assert, as he was employed, about Two Years ago, to survey the said Banks, on Occasion of a Dispute between the Inhabitants about haling.

And being required to inform your Committee of what he knew, with respect to the Demands made by the said Land-owners on the Navigators, for the Liberty of haling, he laid, That about Twelve Years ago, he, the Witness, was concerned in the Navigation; and that one Benjamin Barrett, who lived at Dozvnham\nNort hamptonshire, brought a Paper from Sir Thomas Hare, One of the said Land-owners, to the Witness, which Paper was ligned by several Owners of Gangs, who had agreed to pay Sir Thomas certain annual Sums, for the Liberty of haling on his Banks: That the Witness ligned the said Paper, and, to the best of his Remembrance did thereby agree to pay to the said Sir Thomas 5 s.a Year for his own Gang; though he said he never paid any Money in consequence of signing the said Paper.

Mr. Benton being examined, as to the Interruption given to the Navigation by the Land-owners, said. That he him-ft-lf had paid Money for Liberty of haling: That there was a Demand made on one Jonathan Rawlins, who, on his refuting to pay it, was iued for it, and obliged to pay:

That about Three Years ago the Witness was ort Board a Gang of Lighters belonging to Thomas *

when Mr. Chad junior, a Land-owner, flopped and took, away the Horle, while the Boat was under Way; and demanded a Guinea, before he would leftore the Horse; but, upon Application to him, he ait laift accepted a* Crown:

That the Witness has frequently feenModes taken of& while Boats 'vere under Way, and1 (topped till Money has* been paid-: That the Land-owners always stop them, if they fee them, notwithstanding therein agree*Danger 06 losing the Gangs by that Practice*

Mr.

Ouw

Navigation*

Trade to Hindoo's Bay.

Limiting Service in the Army.

Kinghorn Harbour, &c.

Woollen &c. Manufactures.

788 14* Martii. 1748.

Mr. Kent confirmed the last Evidence, in regard to the Frequency of the Practice of flopping and seizing the Horles, and the Danger resulting from thence to the Navigation: And added, That Mr. Docking, a Land-owner, took away a Horse of Mr. , of Thrapston, and re-

fused to deliver him again, till Two Guineas were paid to the said Docking.

Mr. same being again examined, informed your Committee, That at the last Assizes held at before

the Lord Chief Justice Willes, an Action was brought by James Vernon Esquire, one of the Land-owners, against John Prior, a Waterman, for haling on his Banks, on

Holm Common-, and the Defendant pleaded a prescriptive Right to draw there with Horses: That the Jury found a Verdict for the Plaintiff; upon which the Lord Chief Justice recommended it to the Land-owners and Navigators to apply to Parliament for a future Regulation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for-preferring and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of N, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Hores on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks: And that Mr. Horatio Walpole of King's , Mr. Bacon, Mr. Horatio Walpol, senior, Colonel

send, and Mr. Charles Townshend, do prepare and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Mr. BerkeleyMr. Ksna/lon, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Lyster, Lord Parker, Mr. Cocks, Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Compton, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Chetwynd, be added to the Committee, appointed to

inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hndson' 1 Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased: and also to inquire into the Right the Company ot Adventurers trading to Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of Lands and exclusive 1 rade to those Countries.

Mr. Thomas Pitt pretented to the House, according to Order a Bill for limiting respective limes beyond which no Non-commission Officer or Soldier now or who may hereafter be such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be compelled to continue in the said Service: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That th eB ill be read a Second time.

Mr. Ofuuald reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of and

Liberties thereof, was re-committed, That the Committee had made another Amendment to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Quven Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Wollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and, Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the kid Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and

also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and all other Persons employed in the said WoollcnManufactures;is committed; That they have Power to extend the said Act, of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the Manufacturers of Mohair Yarn: and to make Provision, in the said Bill, for extending such other Parts of the said Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, to Joumey-menDyers, Journeymen Hot-preffers, and all other Persons employed in the Woollen Manufactures, as the said Committee shall think proper; and also that they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for extending the said last mentioned Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, or such Parts thereof as the said Committee shall think proper, to Persons employed in the Manufactures of Silk, Mohair Yarn, Linen, and Cotton.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Baker, and Mr. Brooks-bank, be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Joseph Fofler Barham Esquire, and his Issue, to take and ule the Surname of Barham, pursuant to the Will of Henry Barham Esquire, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Cvfl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together Iro n One Place to another: And that Sir Hugh the Lord Vere Beauclerk, and the Lord Baltimore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Muter, as it appeared to them, touching the Election for the Borough of Alii born-Port, in the County of Somerset, together with the Uesolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Jeffery French Esquire, comp'un-ing ofan undue Election anil Return of lycott and Charles Churchill Esquires, to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Port, in the County of Somerset:

The Committee have examined the Merits of this Election.

The last Determination of the House, concerning the Right of electing BurgeU'es to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, made the 8 th Day of December 1702, which was then resolved to be in the Capital Bailiffs anu their Deputies, in the Commonalty Stewards, and Inhabitants, thereof, paying Scotland Lot: As also,

The Resolution of the House, made the 2d Day of December 1747, whereby it was resolved. That the Execution of the Precept for electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, and the making the Return thereof, are only in the Two Sub-Bailiffs of the said Borough, or in One Sub-Bailiff of the said Borough, if there are not Two: As also,

The Standing Order of the House, made the 16th Day of January 1735, for restraining the Counsel at the Bar of this House, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, from offering Evidence touching the Legality of Votes for Members to serve in Parliament for any County, Shire, City, Borough, Cinque Port, or Place, contrary to the last Determination of the House of Commons, were severally read.

Upon

Fofter *s Name.

Preventing Mischiefs from Gun* powder*

Milborn Port Election.

it Geo. II.

14° Martii.

Upon the Poll, taken by Anfiy the younger,

Sub-Bailiff for the said Borough, the Numbers appeared to be.

For Thomas' Medlycoit Esquire - - - 55.

Charles Churchill Esquire ----- - 42.

Michael Harvey Esquire (since deccafed) - 30.

Jeffery French Esquire - -- .- -- 39.

The Counsel for the Petitioner produced Evidence to difquajify 14 of the Sitting Memb.-rs Votes; viz.

Two, as not being either Inhabitants within the Borough, or rated, or paying any Rate:

Two others, as not being rated for the Houses they voted for:

Four others, as not living within the Borough, at the Time of the Election, although rated:

Four others, as not being rated; One, as not being a House-keeper; One, as being rated within the Manor of Kinfbury, out of the Borough.

With ref pc.ft to John Brett and Jethro , the

Two Persons objected to, as not living in the Borough, or not rated;

Eduard Hallet said. That Brett came b'to the Borough not above Ten Days or a Fortnight before the Election.

Being cross-examined, he owned, That Brett now' lives in the Bjrough; and that though he was not in P.'fT.shon of tl e I 1 >ulc he lives in till about after the

LI fti >n, he hath heard, that he was about purchasing the same House the Lady-day precedent: That Saunter, of whom Brett purchakd. ejefUd one 'firing, the then Possessor, and that the Witnessbelieves Brett would hive gone into the said House before he did, if Ihtnu had not kept forcible Pffcflion.

As to Jethro Lambert he laid. That he lived in Part of a House which belonged to the Examinant, and for which he was rated, and paid Taxes; but acknowledged. That there was an Agreement between them, by which Lambert was to allow him a Quantity of Timber in Satisfaction for Taxes as well as Kent.

The Rate l:fl precedent to the Election, dated the 7th of August 1746, being produced by Simon the

Overseer, he was cross-examined, and said;

That the Rates for the said Borough are made once a Year, but not at any certain Period of Time; and that if a Tenant enters Possession of a House in the intermediate Space, he pays the Kate from the Time he enters.

The Counsel for the Sitting Members did admit. That John Brett is not upon this Rate.

With regard to Robert Crandy and William Biffe, the Two Persons objected to as not being rated for the Houses they voted for:

John Hoke said. That Robert Grendy, at the Time of the Election, lived in a House late , whereof Mr.

Medlycott is Owner; but he owned, That Grandy had lived in the same House half a Year, if not a Twelve-fnonth, before the Election.

Upon inspeding the Rates Thomas Medlycott Esquire, appears to be rated for this House; and Robert Grandy is likewise rated, but for what does not appear.

John Barrett said, That William Biffe formerly was Tenant to one Samuel Barrett; but before, and at the Time of the Election, lived in Part ot a House late one Angel Smith's, and new Caleb Barrett's-,where he, his Siller, and

Al )prentice have continued to live ever since.

L'pon inspecting the Rates, thcl'c Entries appear;

" George Nlchoils Esquire, late Part of Angel Smith's."

u William Hijje, late Samvel Barrett's."

As to the Four objected to as not being Inhabitants, although rated, the Tenements for which they were rated being in the Possession of other Persons;

John Nol'Cy laid That Thomas Brifiozu and his Family Jive in London: That he came down to MUborn-Pat a few Hays before, and returned soon alter, the Ele&i *n: That he has a House in the Borough; Part whereof was let at.the Time of the Election, but that no-body then occupied the other Part: That the said lloufe consists of r Vo'ti' 25.

Two Tenement?, and that Two Tenants had lived in Milbome- -them: PortBleafeo-

That William Cor, junior, at the Time of the Election, had a House, of which he le* Part to one William Taylor: That Cor came to Milborn-Port not above a Fortnight before the Election; and that he was a Supernumerary Exciseman at Gui/lingham, in

That J.hn Saunter is an Excileman, Hat toned at Tilfhu-ry, in Wi/tshire, where he and his Family live: That he

came to Milborn-Port a lew Days before, and (laid not above a Day or Two after, the Election; and that his House is let to several Tenants:

That Thomas King lived out of the Borough till the Sunday before the Election: That neither he nor any of his Family live at Milborn-Port, to the belt of the Witness's Knowledge; but that One of K Sons, 22 Years . old, lives in his Father's House, and that no Part of the House is let to Tenants.

As to Four Persons objected to as not being rated;

It was admitted, That the Reverend Mr. Young and Henry Barnes, Two of the said Persons, are not upon the Rate; but as to William Yates.One of the said Persons* it being alleged by the Sitting Members Counsel, that he was married to Mrs. Oliver, who is rated;

John Noke was examined by the Petitioner's Counsel, who said, That Mrs. Oliver's Lands were occupied by a Tenant and not by Yates: That Yates lives at Milborn-Port, in the House of one Thomas Hal/ei.

It was admitted, That Samuel Barnett was not rated; but the Sitting Members Counsel appealed to the Rates to prove that one Biffe, his Tenant, was rated.

As to John Lambert senior, objected to as not being a House keeper within the Borough;

John Noke laid, Ti at Lambert lives with his Granddaughter; but that he does not know which of the Two keeps the House: That Lambert's Land is let to a Tenant.

With respect to John Wilkins, objected to as not being rated within the Borough:

Edward Hallet laid, That Wilkins's House (lands in the Manor of Kinsbury, which is no Part of the Borough.

Being cross examined, he owned, That this House is situate in the Heart of the Borough: That the Borough and Manor are so intermixed, that no One can distinguish the One from the other, but by the different Assessments for the Land 'l ax, made for the Borough and the Manor:

That Wiikins is rated to the Land Tax for the Borough; and that the Rates to the Church and Poor for the Parish and Borough arc not separate.

Then the Petitioner's Counsel alleged. That they (liould add 26 Persons to the Petitioners Poll.

And having produced a List of them, the Counsel for the Sitting Members did admit. That those Persons did offer to poll for the Petitioner, and were refused by the Sub-Bailiff: And,

They likewise admitted, That Samuel Thring, One of the Persons, was intitled to vote.

Then the Counsel for the Petitioner examined John Noke, who laid, That Thomas Hallet the elder, lived, as he believed, in the Borough at the Time of the Election:

That he hath several Houses there, One.of which he keeps unlet; and has also a Iloule at Kinsbury, where his Family chiefly reside.

Being asked whether the House unlet was not aSum-tner-house in a Carden, he laid, That it was situate in a Garden; that there was a Bed in it, and he believes Two Rooms and a Chimney; but that there was no Kitchen nor Conveniencies (or a Family: That he does not knowr that Hallet ever laid in that House, or that there is any Bed Chamber.

Edward Hallet said, That Thomas Hallet has had in his

own Occupation, for many Years, a House situate in a

large Garden, within the Borough, in which he lives

sometimes, as the Witness believes; but does not know

that Hallet is rated separately for his House-

9 P The

Milb >rn-Port Elc&ion.

790

14° MartiL

A. 1748.

The Sitting Members Counsel admitted Hallet was rated for his Property in

As to Robert Payne, another of the said Lift;

John Noke said, That he had, at the Time of the Election, a House in the Borough unlet; but does not know that he lived in the Borough: That his Family live in a House which he has at Kinsbury

Upon inspection of the Rates, Robert Payne appeared to be rated.

Then the Petitioner's Counsel offering to produce Evidence to prove, That Edward Payne, although he lives out of the Borough, has an Estate there in his own Occupation, for which he is rated, and pays the Rates;

And the feme being objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, the Committee were of Opinion, That the Counsel for the Petitioner should be restrained from offering such Evidence.

Then to prove Joseph Hide an Inhabitant, and that he paid the Rate, although not rated, they examined,

John Barrett, who said, That Hide lived in the Borough at the Time of, and since, the Election: And,

Robert Baunton, the Overseer, who said, That Hide paid the Poor's Rate for his Landlord J. Ring, who was assessed, but lived at Sterminster, above Six Miles from Milborn-Port, and was no Parishioner at the Time of the Election.

The Petitioner's Counsel then proceeded toestablish the Votes of Four other Persons in the said Lift, as being Four of the Nine Commonalty Stewards of the said Borough, alleging, That the said Commonalty Stewards are chosen for Life, and are removable only by Resignation; and that Two of the Nine are chosen to preside every Year.

And, to prove the Choice of the said Four Persons, an Entry in the Borough Book, intituled, A Book of Entry of all and Angular the Rents, Disbursements, and Accounts, &c. of Things belonging to the Stewards and Homage of the Commonalty Lands lying within die Borough of Milborn-Port, in the County of Somerset, and all the Customs, Rights, and Privileges thereto belonging, dated June the 2nd 1747, was read;

Whereby the Commonalty Stewards and Homage did, nominate and appoint Richard , Amos

James Bishop, and John Footto be Assistants in the

Commonalty, in the room of Thomas Thing, James rett, Randulph Cave, and Robert who, for divers

Reasons, had retigned.

And, in order to explain the Meaning of the Word " Homage,' other Entries in the said Book, dated vember the 14th 1734, 19 November 1736, and the 2d 1737-8, of the Choice of Two Persons to be new Stewards for the respective Years therein mentioned, and other Persons Assistants to the Commonalty, were read:

Then they offered to examine a Witness to prove, That the Commonalty Stewards, and the Assistants in the Commonalty, mentioned in the said Entries, are all equally Commonalty Stewards; which was objected to by the Counsel for the Sitting Members, who infilled, That Parole Evidence ought not to be admitted to contradict the said Entries:

To which the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, That such Evidence did not contradict the said Entries, it appearing that Two out of the Nine were chosen to preside yearly, by Turns.

The Committee did not think proper to admit the said Evidence to be given.

Whereupon the Petitioner's Counsel acquainted the Committee, That the Petitioner would not give the Committee any further Trouble, nor put the Sitting Members upon making any Defence.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Medlycott Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborn-Port, in the County of Somerset.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Charles Churchill Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess 22

to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborn-Port, in the County of Somerset.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Mr. Medlycott withdrew.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Medlycott Esquire, is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Milborn-Port, in the County of Somerset.

The other Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Anjlrutlier have Leave of Leave to go into the Country, for the Recovery of his Abfeoce. Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Tho. Gore, Sir Rich. Mr. Lockwood'*

Bayntun, Mr. Lyjler, Lord Parker, Mr. Mr. Estate.

Barbor, Mr. Powney, Mr. Eloper, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Alstone, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Saville, Mr. Carter, Mr.

Warbur ton. Colonel Pelham, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Nor they,

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Jenxns,

Sir Hugh Smithson, Lord Strange, Mr. Winning!on,

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Tasse, Colonel Stanzvix, be added to the Committee to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the real Estate late of John Lockwood Gentleman,

deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of the Incumbrances charged upon the same by virtue of, and under, his Will, is committed.

A Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an -Act, Borough-passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present bridge to Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers Bridge, on the River was read

a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Conyers D'arcy, Mr. Lyttleton, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr'. Cha.

Town/htnd, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Geo. Townshend, Mr. Har-

vey, Mr. Frankland, Lord Mayor of London, Lord Harley,

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. SaMr. Brookfbank, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Secretary at War, Lord

Baltimore, Mr. Nugent, Sir John Ruj, Mr. and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York,

Durham, Northumberland, and Westmoreland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Barbor reported from the Committee, to whom Courant'* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Nat. naturalizing Charles Louis Courant, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Office of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Coroner, the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Law* rewhole House, to consider further of the Bill for amend- specting the ing, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's 0 ‘ 4rjr' Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Com- . mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord FereBeauclerk reported from the Committed,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and

that

Manehefttr

Rodtli.

Bhrough-bri^gc to Piers Bridge Road.

aa Geo. II.

I40 — 15®

.791

that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 15®;

An*o 27* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1748. Prayers.

SIR Nathanael Curzo* reported from the Committee, to whom th'* Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Y.aiefty, for repairing the Roads leading from S her brook Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of to Manchester, in the County of Lancaster-, and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the First-mentioned Act; was Committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee harLgone through the Bill, and made several Amendments tisfleunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That in all Cases where an Oath was required by the Bill, Quakers ' should be allowed to give their Affirmation;

And the same was twice read, with a Blank, which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of the North-Riding Of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the lVithners in reading the Votes of the House, have observed, That a Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Frehol-ders, and Inhabitants, of the said Riding, as al:o the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 16th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the H.gh Road from Boroughbridge to Piers , in the said County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, has been presented to the House, setting forth, any ngft other Things, That the said Road cannot be nude and kept in good Repair, according to the Intent of the said Act.unless a further Duty and Toll be laid and impolid on all such Carts and other Carriages, Horses and otiur Cattle, pnfling and repairing the said Road, laden with Coals; and praying. That a Bill may be brought in for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said Act: And the Petitioners have further observed. That another Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his prc'er.t Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge aforesaid, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, hasbeenalto presented to t he House, setting, forth amongst Vol. 25.

other Things, That the said last mentioned Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, according to the Intent of the said last mentioned .'ft, unless a further Duty be laid on all Carts and other Carriages, Horsesand other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said last mentioned Road, empty or unladen for, cr laden with. Coals and Cinders; and praying, That a Bill may be brought in for the effectual repairing the said lad mentioned Road: And that the Petitioners, living at a great Distance, many ol them above Thirty Miles, from Coals, cannot buy them but at great Prices, nor fetch them from the Pits but at a great Expence: And the Petitioners apprehend, That, if both or either of the said Bills should be carried into a Law or Laws, the Price of Coals would lie greatly raised in that Country, and make the Lime for the Tillage much dearer than it now is, and consequently be very detrimental to Tillage and Husbandry# and greatly lessen the Value of the Petitioners Lands and Farms: That it would also be a great Charge and Load upon the Manufacturers of that Country, and that the poorer Sort of People would be unable to purchase Coals sufficient for their own Use, and would therefore be obliged to take other Methods of supplying the mselve9 with Fuel, which would be very destrufti e to the Wood, Trees and Hedges of this Country: And therefore praying. That they may be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Boroughmen, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of and in the Town and Borough of Thirsk, in the North Riding of the County of York, was also pr f.nted to the House, and read; setting fouh. That the Petitioners, in reading the Votes of this House, have observed, That a Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants of the said North Riding, as also the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge to Piers Bridge, in the said

County, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, has been presented to the House, letting forth, amongst other Th'ngs, That the said Road cannot be made and kept in good Repair, accordi;ig to the Intent of the fai l Act, un* less a further Duty :i Toll be laid on all such Carts and other Carriages, H< rfes and other Cattle, passing and repaying on the said Road, laden with Coals; and praying. That a Bill may be brought in for explaining, amending, and making more effectual the said Act: And that the Petitioners have further observed. That also a Petition of the Trndees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Borough-bridge aforesaid, through Northallerton, in the 1'aiJ County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, has been prellnted to the House; setting forth, among other Things, That the said last mentioned ltoad cannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, according to the Intention of the said last mentioned Act, unless a further Duty be laid on all Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repairing on the said last-mentioneci Road, empty or unladen for, or laden with. Coals and Cinders: and praying, Tha* a Bill may be brought in for the more effectual repairing the said last mentioned Road: And that the Petitioners, living at above Thirty Miles Distance from Coals, cannot now buy or procure the same but at great Prices or Expences: And the Petitioners apprehend. That, il both or either of the said Bills should be carried into a Law or Laws, it would greatly raite the Price of Coals to the Petitioners, and also of Lime for their Tillage, and consequently the Petitioners Lands will be of ids Value: That it would be alto a very great Charge and Load upon the Traders, particularly the Brewers, Smiths, and several other Manu-faclurers, of and in this Borough: And that the poorer Sort of People would be unable to buy Coals sufficient for their own Ule, and would therefore be obliged to procure Fuel by other Means, which would be very destruc-

tive

009 le

Woollen, Ac. Manu-Uvtures.

79 2

150 Mar til. 1748.

tive to the Trees, Hedges, and Fences, of many of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Boroughmen, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of and in the Borough of Nortkallerton, in the North-Riding of the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in reading the Votes of the House, have observed. That a Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the said North-Riding, as also the Trustees appointed to put inExecution an Act, passed in the 16th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge to Piers Bridge, in the said County, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, has been presented to the House, setting forth, amongst other Things, That the said Road cannot be made and kept in good Repair, according to the Intent . of the said Act, unless a further Duty or Toll be laid on all such Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said Road, laden with Coals; and praying. That a Bill may be brought in for explaining, amending, and making more effectual, the said Act, &V.: And the Petitioners have further observed, That aHo a Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the 18th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge aforesaid, through Northallerton

aforesaid, to Croft bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, has been presented to the House; setting forth, amongst other Things, That the said last mentioned Road scannot be effectually amended and kept in good Repair, according to the Intention of the said last mentioned Act, Unless a further Duty be laid upon all Carts and other ^Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said last mentioned Road, empty or unladen for, or laden with. Coals and Cinders; and praying,. That a Bill may be brought in for the effectual repairing the said last-mentioned Road,&f.: And that the Petitioners, living at above Twenty Miles Distance from Coals, cannot now buy or procure the same but at great Prices or Expences: And the Petitioners apprehend, That, if both or either of the said Bills should be carried into a Law or Laws, it would greatly raise the Price of Coals to the Petitioners, and also of Lime for their Tillage, and consequently the Petitioners Lands would be of leis Value: That it would also be a very great Charge and Load upon the Traders, particularly the Brewers, Smiths, and several other Manufacturers, of and in this Borough; And that the poorer Sort of People would be unable to buy Coals sufficient for theif own Use, and would therefore be obliged to procure Fuel by other Means, which would be very de-structive to the Trees, Hedges, and Fences, of many of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Hoad from Borongin the County of - York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence ;to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, :to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, -made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton,

and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to

extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and also to

extend a Clavjfe ia an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of

the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers, and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures'; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for extending the said last mentioned Act, of the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, or fuqh Parts thereof as the said Committee shall think proper, to Persons employed in the Manufactures of Fustian, Iron, and Leather,

A Petition of Eliakim Palmer Esquire, Agent for the Governor and Company of the Colony of Connect

ticut, in New England, in America, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of England, in the 14th Year of his Reign, in Gonfi-deration that the said Colony of Connecticut was, as to Part thereof, purchased for, valuable Considerations, and as to other Part thereof, gained by Conquest, and with much Difficulty, and at the foie Endeavours and Charges of John fVinthropp, and others therein named, and thereby become a considerable Addition to his Majesty's Dominions: And, in regard the said Colony was remote from the other English Plantations, and to the end the Affairs and Business which should, from time to time, arise concerning the same, might be duly ordered and managed, did incorporate the said John Winthropp, and other the Persons therein named, as such other Persons as should be thereafter admitted of the Company of the said Colony, by the Name of Governor and Company of the English Colony of Connecticut, in New England in , with

perpetual Succession; and for the better ordering the Business of the said Company, there were to be One Governor, One Deputy Governor, and Twelve Assistants, to be, from time to time, elected out of the Freemen of the said Company, who were to apply themselves to take care for the bell ordering the general Affairs concerning the Lands and Hereditaments thereby granted, and the Plantation thereof, and the Government of the People thereof: And the Charter appointed General Assemblies to be had twice in every Year, by Two Persons to be elected by the Majority of the Freemen for every Town or City in the said Colony, to advise of the Business of the said Company, and the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Assistants, in General Court assembled, were impowered, from time to time, to make, ordain, and establiflj, all manner of wholesome and reasonable Laws,. Statutes, Orders, Directions, and Instructions, not contrary to the Laws of this Realm of England, as well for the settling the Forms and Ceremonies of Government and Magistracy, fit and necessary for the said Plantation and the Inhabitants there, as for the Erecting of Offices, and the Ordering of Elections, according to the Course of Corporations in England, and the same Laws to revoke, under their Common Seal; and for the Directing, Regulating, and Disposing of, all, other Matters and Things, whereby the People might be religiously, peaceably, and civilly governed; which Laws, Statutes Ordinances, Instructions, Impositions, and Directions, to be made by the Governor, Deputy Governor, and Assistants, as aforesaid, and published in Writing, under their Common Seal, were to be duly observed and put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof: And the said Charter was at all Times to be a sufficient Warrant and Discharge against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the Officers putting such Laws, Statutes, and Orders, into Execution: And that the Crown having, by the said Charter, intruded to the Governor and Company of the said Colony the foie and absolute Power of making Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances, for the Government and Civil Ordering of the fame, they have ever since continued in the full Exercise and Enjoymmt of such Power, without the Intervention of the Crown; and the Laws and Ordinances winch they have, from time to time, made and establi filed, have been so wholesome and reasonable, and agreeabx to the Laws of this Realm, asjuftly to merit the Confidence in them reposed; nor has the lead Exception,

to

American Paper Credit.

aa Geo. II. 15 Martii.793

to the Knowlege or Belief of the Petitioner, been at any time taken to the Conduct of the said Governor and Company in their Legflative Capacity: And that a Bill has lately been brought into the House, which under the Title of " A Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit,

" in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and " tp prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty'6 " Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantationsis, as the Petitioner apprehends, destructive of all the Rights, Privileges, and Powers, of Government granted to the said Colony by their Charter: And that the Petitioner is not conscious of any Paper Bills of Credit at present circulating in the said Colony, but such as have been emitted for the necessary Service of the Colony, and duly and regularly issued; or that any Regulations are necessary to be made in relation thereto, so far as affects the said Colony of And the Petitioner conceives and apprehends those Parts of the said Bill, which are to enforce his Majesty'sOrders and InstruQions throughout all the British Colonies and Plantations in America, arc of so qnusual and extraordinary a Nature, and so repugnant, as the Petitioner apprehends, to the Laws ^nd Constitution of this Realm in general, and to the Powers and Privileges granted to the said Colony of Connecticut in particular, that the Petitioner conceives himself indispensably bound, in Justice to his Constituents, to make this his Application to the House against the same being passed into a Law: And that it is the inestimable Privilege of this Colony, confirmed by the Royal Charter, granted to their Predecessors to be governed by Laws of their own making; a Privilege the present inhabitants are intitled to by their Birthrights, and which their Ancestors purchased at the Hazard ot their Lives and Fortunes, to the great Benefit and Advantage of their Mother Country, and of which they hope they shall never be deprived by a British Legislature: And therefore praying. That as their Charter has invested the Governor and Company of Connecticut with the full Powers of Government, and as they have never yet abused any of the Privih ge# granted by their Charter, and as the most valuable of them, should this Bill pass into a Law, will be irretrievably torn from them, in Violation of the Security and Sanction of the Charter; and as they have, on all Occasions, acted with the greatest and most affettionate Duty and Zeal toward* his Majesty's Person and Government, and largely contributed, during the late 'War, both with their Lives and Fortunes, in the Service of their King and Country, the Petitioner in Behalf of the said Colony of Connecticut may be heard, by his Counsel, against; the said Bill; and that the same may not be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by Ills Counsel, against; the said Rill, if he thinks fit.

American A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Pro-Paper Credit. yince of Penjilvania, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth. That the said Province of PenJUvania, which hath been peopled, and at great Expence settled, chiefly by means of certain Privileges which were granted by the Crown, hath always shewn she utmost Duty to every Intimation of the Royal Plefaure, and hath made such reasonable and prudent Uie of those Indulgencies which had been granted by the Crown, that the said Province is now become One of the most flourishing in his Majesty's American Empire: And that the Petitioner hath heard, That there is depending before the House, a Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in lhc, British Colonies and Plantations in America, and so prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations; w herein (he said Province of PenJUvania feemsto be included Wimih the Generality of certain Recitals of a Behaviour, which, it is humbly hoped, Ahefoid Prdvincesyill not ippear to tfc&rve.: And the Enacting Parts also of which Bill, if Vox. 25.

the same should pass into a Law, would, as the Petitioner apprehends, greatly distress his Majesty's good and faithful Subjects jn Penjilvania, tend to discourage and prevent the further Settlement of that Colony, and also prejudice and lessen the Trade of this Kingdom: And therefore praying the H°use will giye thp Petitioner Leave to be heard, by his Counsel, in Behalf of the-laid Provipce, against the said Rill, before the same do pass; or that such other Relief may be given therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that thy Petitipner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay ®*P?rts so before this House, an Account of the Value of the Exr en vaim" ports from this Kingdom to Penjilvania, from Chnjmas vjzi^oChriflmas 1747,distinguishing how much thereof were Goods exported by Certificate, and how much thereof were of the ProduQ; and Manufacture of this Kingdom, distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Colony Amtfrican of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, in America, ^*P*r Cre^it* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill which is depending before the House, intituled,

" A Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Rills of Credit.

" in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and " to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments " for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's " Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies " and Plantations;" if the same should pass into a Law, would, as the Petitioner conceives, be prejudicial to the Trade of this Kingdom, tend to the Discouragemeujt ,cff the King's good Subjects in the said Colony, and take from them those Rights and Privileges which were, by Charter, in the Year 1663, granted by King Charles the Second to them, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Englr/h, Colony of Rhode Island and Providence

Plantations in New England, in Ame by which Name they were to have perpetual Succession: And, for better managing the Affairs of the said Company, were to have a Governor, Deputy Governor, and Ten Assistants, who, with the Representativep of the Freemen, were to hold General Assemblies, apd, amongst other Things, to make or repeal such Laws and Statutes as to them should seem meet, for the Good and Welfare of the said Company, and for the Government of their Lands, and of the People that should inhabit the fame, so as such Laws were not contrary and repugnant unto, but ap near as might be agreeable to the Laws of England, considering the Nature and Constitution of the Place; and to appoint Forms of Oaths and Attestaxiens, requisite to the due Admiftiftration of Justice, and the Execution apd Discharge of all Offices and Places of Trust; his laid Majesty thereby conv manding that all such Laws should he.dujy.cfoferved and put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the lame: And his said Majtffty-'s Pleafore was, . j ' That the said Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistaats, *ed: ! all other Officers, should give their solemn Engagements, by Oath or otherwise, for the due Performance -of; theif Duties, before such Persons as were thereby- authorize*! to adminiffor the.feme: And thefeid Chatter ajfi> cott* tained a.Grant of the LaodsAnd

with sundry other Powers, as usual in such Charters: That the said Charter expfelfeiitlelftpbegrsflted.tPitfte Igfia- . 1

binuttfcfor these.Hnoourhgemexttimfettling tluit Wildrifl- ' 1/1

nest Country: And\acoo«lingl.y^;dnk'tl^f'aijib'.o(<l«'feiid Charter, thednhabLteurtejhftve, by. {heifcgsfed Labour Industry, At their owor^jxpenci/attd) wjlhout, anyt theieaft Charge.tb the Ciown,.fcttkd, defended, Avd.ttnptowffl the said/Colony, through . gre^trddnrdflupS;1 &ad urtepsari mon Hazards Qh'.theii InSidh

Wars, against the Intuits of those

when any Expeditions have beenlfU>iFo9fc ^against the common Enemy, by Wars commenced in Europe, which

9 Q they

794 15* — l6'

they are Cure to feel the Effects of, they have always most readily joined their Assistance, when required from their Sovereign, and furnished their Quotas; and at other times, when the Coast of New England has been infefted with Privateers and Pirates, have, with great Expedition, sent our Ships of War against them, with as much, if not more, Success than any of the Governors in the Northern Colonies: which were under the King's immediate Corn-million for Government, although abundantly inferior to any of them in Number of Inhabitants and Extent of Country: That the said Colony hath demeaned itself with Duty and Obedience to the Crown, confident with the Privileges of their said Charter; and the Governors, from time to time, as elected, and before entering on the Execution of their Office, have qualified themselves according to the said Charter, and by taking the Oath or Affirmation to observe the Acts of Trade and Navigation: That as the passing the before-mentioned Bill may be. attended with such fetal Consequences to the Inhabitants of the said Colony, in interfering with those Charter Privileges which they have hitherto enjoyed. Therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be permitted to be heard, by his Counsel, before the House, in Behalf of the said Colony, against the said Bill, before the same do pass; or that the House will give such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if the thinks fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time, upo nTuefdaythe nth Day of next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

JtennerV The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nat. for naturalizing George William Renner, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And alf».

Cotton's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling Part of the settled Estate of Nathanael,

Doctor m Physick, lying in the County of in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money, arising by such bale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage-Settlement: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And alf>,

Levina's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. discharging the Estates of William Esquire, in

Bilby, Ranby, and' Slirrop, in the County of Nottingham,

from a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds, given by Sir CreJJwell Levinz Knight, for charitable Ul'es, and for charging the same on his Estate at , in the same County: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Denver, See. Ordered, That Mr. Northey, Mr. , Mr.

Drainage. jy^r Boone, Mr. Edward Montagu, Mr. Bond, Mr.

son, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Tor he, Mr. Dowdeswell, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands lying in Denver, LJpwell, Outwell, and Welney, within the Isle of Ely, County of

Cambridge, and County of , is committed.

Extra _ A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ^, Pens*s in That the Account of the extraordinary Expences incurred n n' in Flanders, in North Britain, and America, and of other Services in the Year 1748, not provided for by Parliament, presented to the House upon the 10th of this Month,' be referred to a select Committee: And that they do'examine the' feine, and report the Fasti, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House j The House divided. 1 - 7

The Yeas went forth.

' Martii. 1748.

T.tafor,h.Y}

_ 1, f , xt CSir Richard Wrottesley, I

Tellers for the Noes, J XIr; >209.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Disposition of That the Account of the Expenditure of the £.500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty DSfi9 to carry on the War with Vigour for the Year 1748, presented to the House upon b e 7th of this Month, be referred to a select Committee: And that they do examine the fame, and report the Fasts, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House;

It palfed in the Negative.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Mean*-consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House, Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That an Account of the Expenditure of the £.500,000 granted last Session of Parliament, to enable his Majesty to carry on the War with Vigour, for the Year 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of extraordinary Expences incurred in Flanders, in North Britain and America, and of other Services in the Year 1748, not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners o tChelfea Hospital, for the Year 1749, be re-

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1748, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the fever d Heads, until the First Day of March 1748-9, and the Parts thereof remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

1 Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 16° die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii II<! Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

ABILL for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final! Southwark /Debts Within the Town and Borough of Southwark, Debt*, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour Sl Maty at Newington, St, Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Chrjft-Church, St.Mary

.< . , - v; . ' Lambeth,

16° Mar tit.

Waymouth

Harbour.

22 Geo. II.

Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rin the County of

Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties in the lame, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Belchier, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Bethell, Sir Hugh Mr.

han. Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Mr.

Lord Mayor of London, Sir Francis Drake, Mr.

Sir Tho. Robinson, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Parker, Mr.

Sloper, Mr. Povoney, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Martin, Mr. Williams, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. Brookjbunk, General , Sir Peter

Thompson, Mr. Medlycott, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Colonel Totvnjhend, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Dowdeswell, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Child, Sir John Barnard; and all the Members who serve for the County of Surry, the City of London, and for the Counties of Kent, Sufllx, and Nliddlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Doddington of Horflngton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough and Town of Way mouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the Agent for the Petitioners called,

Mr. George Swaffield: Who produced to your Committee, an Inspeximus of a Statute of ad 13 Queen

Elizabeth, wh ch the Witness said he received from the proper Officer or the Corporation and, the said hfpeximus being read, it appeared thereb), That a

Grant had been made to the said Mayor, Aldermen, Bai'iffs, Burgesses, and Commo. alty, of the said Corporation, and thcii Successors, of all such Petty Customs, Pn'fits, Commodities, and Advantages whatsoever, which the said several Towns before this Incorporation, or their Predecessors, or any Lord or Owner of them, have here-tofoie lawfully perceived, received, levied, taken, possessed, and Ireely enjoyed: And,

Mr. William Herbert informed.your Committee, That he had known the Town of upwards of 43

Years: That he had frequently imported and exported Goods into and out of the said Harbour, and had always paid the said Dues of Petty Customs, or Wharfage, as well as the Harbour Dues and Ballast Duty; and that the Corporation were intitled to the fame; and the said Duties were constantly under their Management and Direction, and by them applied towards repairing the V» harfs and other Works there.

Mr. Stephen Hervey. Deputy Comptroller of the Cuf-toros at the Port of Waymouth, said, That he has lived at the said Port above Twenty Years; and that he apprehends the said Corporation have a Right to demand and receive the Duties called Petty Customs, or Wharfage, as well as the Harbour Dues and Ballast Duty; and that they have been constantly under the Management of the said Corporation, and by them applied towards the repairing the Wharfs and other Works there: Then, . 1

Mr. Herbert, being again examined, informed your rCommittee, That he had been Collector of the said Harbour Dues and Ballast Duty for Seven Years; during which time he has known several Instances of Persons refusing to pay the said Duties; el'pecially for the last Fife Year great Numbers have refilled to pay the said Duties: of Petty Customs, or Wharfage, as well as the Harbour Dues, which has caused a great Diminution of the said Revenues; and that several Actions have been brought for the Refusal of such Payment, and Verdicts obtained . thereupon; but that the Expence of carrying on such Spits hath considerably lessened the said Fund; And,

Vol. 25.

Mr. Stephen Hervey, being again examined, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Herbert, as to the Refusal of the Payment of the said Dues and Petty Customs, or Wharfage; and informed your Committee, That he, the Witness, was an Evidence at a Trial in the Year 1733. when the Corporation obtained a Verdict against one Gigger, for refusing to pay the said Duties of Petty Customs or Wharfage.

And the Exemplification of a Verdictt was produced to your Committee, which was obtained by the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the said Corporation, against John late, in Hillary Term, 1* & 20 Jac. IP1, for refusing to pay the said Duties.

And the Witnessalfoproduced toyour Committee, an Extract, from the Books of the said Corporation, of the annual Produc e of the said Duties for Fourteen, Years last past, distinguishing each Year; by which it appeared, that the Income of the said Duties had very much decreased f- *r the last Seven Years.

Mr. Thomas Gilbert, Engineer, produced, and explained to your Committee, a Plan of the Harbour ot,

in its present Situation; whereby toe said Ha b>ur appears to be in a ruinous Condition, and the Wharfs in manifest Danger of becoming uf.less to the Importers and Exporters of Goods into and out of the said Port, unless Care be taken speedily to repair the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties, commonly cal ed Wnarfage Duties, payable upon the Importation and Exportation ot Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also of Ballast and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town: And that Mr. Doddington of Horflngton. Mr. Beaghqn, Mr., Pturner, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, to whom the Bdi for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repaying tue several Roads leading into the City of Hereford, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the several Trustees, whose Names are chereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of which

was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 7th Day of February last, and the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had g *ne through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered tae Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ieve-rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Lynch Esquire, to assume and take upoa him the Name of Blo/Je,was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bili be committed to Mr.

Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Webb, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Torke, M j. Barbor, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Powney, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Guy bon,: Mr. , Ale,

Hill, £ir John Rq/kout, Mr. Lord,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Tasse, Mr., Mr.

Hereford

Koadi.

Lynch*

Name*

79*

16* Martii.

A. 1748.

Courant's

Nat.

Pitt, Sir Joh Cust, Lord Mr. Southwell, Mr.

'Iracy, Mr, Winning on,: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Barker do carry the Bill to the Lord*, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Kinghorn -An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Harbour, Sk. Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of . Kinghorn, and Liberties thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of , and

Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. O/wald do carry the Bill to the

Lords and desire their Concurrence.

Anstruther An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty of Two Penies Kartct Town Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall Debts, &c. sold or vended, brewed, or brought in, or tapped for

Sale within the Town of Anstruther Easter, and Liberties thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be sold or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anstruther Easter, and Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Mitchell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tcrnia's

Bflate.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of William Esquire, in

Bilby, Ranby, znd Stirrop, in the County of Nottingham, from a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds, given by Sir Crefwell Levinz Knight, for charitable Uses, and for charging the same on his Estate at Grove, in the same County, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Manchester An ingrossed Bill for continuing and making more Road,. effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eleventh Vear of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sherbrook Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to in the County of Lancaster; and for amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act: was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. Line 17. Leave out* not only

L. 19. Leave out " but also to erect and set " up One other Gate or Turnpike, and no more, in or " across the said Highway or Road leading from Ardwick u Green, through Rufhulmeand Withington, to the School- house in Didsbury, in the said County of Lancaster, at " a Place there called Moss Lane End, on the Manchester " Side thereof, or as near the same as conveniently may be."

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed'to by the House. ' '

And the Bill ,was amended at the Table according'y-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the 'Title foe/ An Act for continuing and making more effectual *4

Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eleventh

Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

First and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of

his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from

Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in

the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport,

in the County of Chester, to Manchester, in the County of

Lancaster i and for amending other Roads adjoining to the

Road directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act.

Ordered, That Sir Nathanael Curdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and making more effectual Two Aftt of Parliament, One passed in the Ro*!,. Tenth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Bridge,

in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Heme, in the County of Hertford, was read the Third time.

Resolved, that the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. Act Act for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place call Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to The Lords, and desire their Concurrence

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Tobacco im-before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Pounds and Number of Hogsheads of Tobacco imported and C° c* exported, for Ten Years last past, into and out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, distinguishing each Year, and each Port; as also of the neat Amount of what Duty has been paid, and what secured to be paid, with the Drawbacks thereupon in each Port within the feme space of Time, distinguishing each Year; and also an Account of the Quantity of Tobacco, Tobacco-stalks, and Snuff, sent from Scotland Coast-ways, within the feme Space of Time, and from and to what Ports.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Tobacco, House, an Account dftheQoantity of Tobacco, Tobacco- *c. weired stalks, and Snuff received from Scotland, Coast-ways, for Seot* Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Worcester, further Consideration the Report from the Committee, Roads, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the otherin the Twelfth

Year of the Reign of hw late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester', and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, in the feme County; was re-committed, with refffeft to the Clause for authorizing and impowering Persons to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the said Report:

And the Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Clause, being read a Second time;

An Amendment was made by the House to the said Amendment.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the Name of the Reverend Doctor Jenner, Prebendary of Worcester:

And the Questt n being put. That the Name of the 'Reverend Dr. Jenner be added to the said Amendment, for him to be One other of the Troftees for patting the hud former Aftaand this present Act in Execution j

The

32 Geo. II.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

i 6° Ma

797

Tellers for the Noe, . So it paITed in the Negative.

ton,

J 6a*

}»4«-

Then Mr. Sydenham Hood up in his Place, and made the like Promise on his Part.

Then another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the Name of the Reverend Mr. John Taylor:

And the Question being put, That the Name of the Reverend Mr. John Taylor be added to the said Amend*

Worcester

Xoadi.

tion;

The House divided. The Y eas went for th

Tellers for the Y«s,{ Jjj; 4emV. Tellers for the Noes, jj

6i.

I2J.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the ment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for put-laid Amendment, by adding the Name of the Reverend ting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execu-Doctor Charlton of Kiddemmfter:

And the Question being put. That the Name of the

Reverend Doctor Charlton of Kiddeminster be added to

the said Amendment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present A ft in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T'"otforthe.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the Name of the Reverend Mr. George fViggan:

And the Question being put. That the Name of the Reverend Mr. George IVigganbe added to the said Amend-

ment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yess.^ Tellers for the Noes.j ^"^.'

1 <l.

]i38.

So it paired in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by adding the Naffie of the Reverend Mr. Lucy Berkeley:

| Mr. Ellis,

[Mr. Asha So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words Morning next," and inferring the Words " Two Months" instead there-

And the Question being put. That the Words " Morning next" stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j

Tellers for the Noes.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his

} *37-} 67*

And tlrc Question being put, That the Name of the Majesty, the Resolutionswhich the Committee had direct-

ed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Seventy thousand One hundred Eighty-six Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence Farthing, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1748.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Eighteen

Reverend Mr. Lucy Berkeley be added to the said Amend ment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeUe^lheYe^;

Tdler, for the No«,

So it passed in the Negative.

58.

122.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the thoulandOnehVindredand Twenty-eight Pounds Eighteen said Amendment, by adding the Name of the Reverend Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for

" defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's

Land Forces in Flanders, in Worth Britain, and,

and of other Services incurred in the Year 1748, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Vernon of Fladbury:

And the Question being put. That the Name of the Reverend Mr. Vernon of Fladbury be added to the said Amendment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

k The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

'Mr. G,

S'{mi-. Sydenham Tellers for the Noes, j So it passed in the Negative.

}j6-| II9*

Supply

African

Trade.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa;

Resolved, That this House wHl, upon Tuesday Mora-

Notice"beTng* 1^6010 some Words which next> resolve itself into said Committee, had been spoken in the House by Mr. Winningtm and

Mr. Sydenham, there was Reason to apprehend a Quarrel The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Statute* of might ensue; Report from the Committee of the whole House, to Hue and Cry.

Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, required them whom the Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which may to stand up in their Places, and give the House Aflu- happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue ranee not to prosecute what had happened. and Cry, was committed;

Whereupon Mr. fVinnington flood up in his Place, Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Thurs-

and promised the House not to prosecute the Matter. day the 6th Day of April next.

Vol. a*. 9R The

0 Martii.

798

i6# — 17

A. 1748.

Watlington

Itocioiure,

Office of Coroner.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the , That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen

Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for in- who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pur-elofing and dividing certain Commons and Wafl.es with- fuarit to the Resolutions which were, upon the

in the Manor and Parish of Watlington, in the County of 6th of this instant reported from the Committee,

Norfolk, was committed; who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed. near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House,

which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; and The Order of the Day being read, for the House to then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provi-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole. House, upon fion, in the said BH1, for amending the Act to regulate

Laws respecting the Government of the Navy*

the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Bill. "

Watlington

Ittclosure.

The postponed Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and the Price and Assize of Bread.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Yeynham and Sir Francif Baronet,

for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Elqyire, deceased, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord , Mr. Brevet on, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fane,

Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Wilson, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Compton, Mr. Noel, Mr.

Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Turner,

Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Mr. Hume, Mr.

Cocks, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Owen, Mr. West, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Alderman , Mr.

Wastes within the Manor and Parish of Watlington, in Medlycott, Mr.'Powlet, Mr Sir Nath. Cur-

... _ --..... ...- 20#, Sir and all the Members who

serve for the Counties of Derby, , and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Yorke, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining and improving certain Fen Lands lying Conhin, William Harvey, John Gregion, and William Howes, *n Denver, Upwell, Oulwell, and Welney, within the Isle which several Persons haveonly Five Tenements or Shares of County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk, in the Whole; and that the several Persons, who have was committed, That the Committee had examined the given their Consent to the Bill, are Proprietors of Forty- Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true > eight Tenements or Shares; and that all the Parties hafve anc^ ^at the Parties concerned had given their Consent been apprised of the intended Inclosure, and that none of JP ®"]»*°Satisfaction of the Committee except them have appeared before the said Committee, to oppose ^'wo ^,er*ons> w"°» having been apprised of the Contents the said Bill; and that the Committee had gone through . reof, not °PPofe the fame, and who are possefi'ed the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which ol^xty-two Acres of the said Fen Lands; and except

the County of Norfolk, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be now received.

Colonel Townshend accordingly reported from the

Committee, to whom the same Bill was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except. Henry Edgar, John

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

And, the House being informed, That no Counsel against the said Bill attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Secortd time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bin. - \ 1

Ordered, That the Bill, with1 the Amendments,' be ingossed.

And then the House adjbufned till-To-morrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V merit, 1Martii j

Anno ai* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748. Prayers.

John Rud, the Heirs of Mrs. Rifby, and Mr. , whose respective Places of Abode could not be found, and who are possessed of Thirty-three Acres of the said Lands; and except the Owner or Proprietor of Sixteen Acres t>f the said Lands, who# upon Inquiry, was not known; and except Eight Persons, who, upon Application made to them, refuled to consent to the said Bill, and who are possessed of One hundred and Thirty eight Acres of the said Lands; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Repori in his Place; and after-wdrds delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, except One of them, which was disagreed to, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill'with the Amendments, -be ingrossed.

Cotton's

Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of the First, for vesting Part of the settled Ertate of Nathanael and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign of his Cotton, Doctor in Physick, lying in the County ai Hert- present Majesty, forrepairing and "nlargingtbe Koadlead-forj, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell the feme, and to fey ing from the H >use c tiled The Sign of the Hells, rn the

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled. Art'Act fc

fovji, in Trustees, in Trust, to fell the feme, and to fey out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Ertate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage-Settlement, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be re3d a Second time.

ing

Parish of St.Margaret's, iri Roc If ter, to Mardftone, arid other ltoads therein mehtianed, in the County of Kent; and for tendering the same more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The

Expiring

Laws.

Lord Tcynharr.'s, &c« Estate,

Denver, &c. Drainage.

Rochester, 5cc. Roads.

Learritnfter Roads.

Wansford

Bridge.

Road.

Fitzroy's

Maine.

Middleton's

Estate.

Subsidy to the Empress.

a 2 Geo. II.

17® Martii.

The Lords have agreed to the BID, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Bowers granted by an Act»> passed in the Second Year of the&qign of his present Majesty , for repairing the several Roads, therein mentioned, leading into the Town of Leowinft in the County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for effectually amending and repairing the Road leading from Wansford Bridge, in the County of Northampton,

to the Town of Stamford, in the County of obt, with* out any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enaole and oblige Charles Esquire, and

his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, to take and use the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of Scudamore, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Messuage, and certain Freehold and Copy-hold Lands and Hereditaments, in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of Mary Middleton

Widow, and others; and for veiling the Money, arising the reby, in Trustees, for the same Utes to which the said Estate now Rands settled: To winch the Lords Retire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Chancellor oft he Exchequer acquaintedthe House, Th:.t he had a Message from his Majesty to this House, signed by his Majesty: And further acquainted the House, That he was commanded by his Majesty to lay before

this House, Copy of Mons. Zs Memorial, '

1744.; and

Translation.

And he delivered his Majesty's Message to Mr. Speaker: And delivered the said Copy and Translation in at the Table.

His Majesty's Message was read by Mr. Speaker, all the Members being uncovered; and is as followeth; viz.

£. i0q,aoo SteffiOg ftipqlated by the Convention which was signed at the Hague on the 26th of January 174?, N* S. though there (jas not as yet been any Certificate produced of the Number of her Troops: That the' Tabellgsexhibited on the Part of her Imperial Majesty feemto be such as opght to serve in Read pt a Certificate: That the Number of Troops stipulatefi by fier Imperial Majesty wa* actually raised at a great Expence, and put in March: That the Signing of the Preliminaries may havp prevented the Arrival of some of them: That, notwithstanding the considerable Succours furaished by his Br\tannick Majesty to her Imperial Ma* jeRy during the War, the Efforts and Cessions made by her Imperial Majesty have so lessened her Revenues, that Ihe finds herself under very great Difficulties as to th* Payment of the Troops raised: That the above-mentioned £. iQOjQOp are destined for the Payment of the Arrears of the Generals and Officers who served in the Low Countries, as also of the Troops which are actually there, for the important Defence of those Countries: That moreover the Empress Queen, as a Proof of her Desire to put an End to the Miseries of War, and to be no longer a Burden to her Allies, did, out of Regard for his Britan-niek Majesty, and in Deference to his Advice, accept without Delay the Conditions upon which the Situation ot Affairs permitted Peace to be made, notwithstanding the Sacrifices made by her as therein expressed: That, as a further Proof how sincerely her Imperial Majesty the Queen desires to continue to act in the moR perfect Concert with his Britannick Majesty, her Imperial Majesty offers, and will be always ready, to agree with the King upon the Means that may tend to the Maintaining of the Peace concluded lately at Aix la Chapelle: That, for all these Considerations, the Under-written hopes that his Grace my Lord Duke of Newcq will honour him with a speedy Answer, conformably to the pressing InstaoC.cs which he has had Orders to make by Two successive Couriers.

London, 1741-

GEORGE R.

His Majesty has received a Memorial from the Mi-niftef of his good Sifter and'. Ally the Empress Queen of Hungary, refilling at his Court, containing the RrongeR InRances for the speedy Payment of One hundred thousand Pounds, being Part of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pop^Rs, appropriated, by ^n Act of the laR Sel-fion of Parliament, for enabling the Empress Queen to support her Allies, and to maintain hpr respective Contingents of Troops in the Low Countries and in Italy for the Year 1748, pursuant to Treaty. Son^ Difficulties having arisen, in respect of the Payment thereof, from the restrictive Expressions of the said Treaty; and his Majesty being desirous, that all reasonable Satisfaction may be given to his said good Sifter and Ally in this Behalf, recommends the said Memorial to the Consideratiop of his faithful Commons.'

\ 1 _ __

' Gt R. '

Ordered, That his Majesty's said most gracjous Mel* sage be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to cpnfifter fur-tner of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the Title of the said Copy was read.

The said Copy is boqnd up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Translation thereof is a* followeth; viz.

Translation of Monsieur ZMrern's Memorial,

*74i*

The under-written Secretary of their Imperial Majesties has the Honour to represent to his Gra, ce my Lord Duke of Newcastle, That her Majesty the Empress'Queeri, touched with the most lively Sense of the Succours which the King has To generously given to her Imperial Majesty during the late Troubles, cannot, however, avoid causing her Instanees to Se repeated for the speedy Payment of the

Vot/25.

Ordered, That the said Copy and Translation be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing George Renner r

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Prefi 1. Line 1. Leave out " beseecheth," and insert " beseech:"

L» 6. After " Germany,"1 insert " and Ckrif-u topher Fricterick Pritzler, Son of " by Mary Barbara his Wife, born at Verfmold in * phaliat"

L. 15. Leave out " he," and insert " they :* L. 16. After " Renner," insert " and Christopher Frederick Pritzler" and leave out, " he is," and insert "‘they are;:" '

L. i«y. Leave out "a;" arid, instead of " Subjectj" insert " Sobjefts :"

L. 20. Leave out " he is," and insert " they are:" "1 '

L. 27. Leave out " he," and insert " they:" and after; " Renner ft insert " and Christopher Freda- rick Pritzler and leave out* M is," and insert

are:"

:u: . 36. Leave out "his," and insert " ffi^ir:"

L. 37. Leave out " Heir," an<3 mlert " Heirs ft and leave opt " his," and insert their:"

* Prels a. Line 2. Leave*out " him," and1 inferf them:" " v.'V: 1.

L. c. Le?tve out " he," ;a!nd insert " tjiey:" L. so.'Leave 6utf< he^and ihfert " they :" ..h Mr Leave opt " pe/'^d ml^rt " they L.

j

4

Rcnner,l

Nat.

8oo

17° — 20° Martii. A. 1748.

L. 15. After " Router" insert " and ChriJ " topher Frederick Pritzier:"

L. 17. Leave out "a;" and, instead of " Subject," insert " Subjects:'*

L. 24. Leave out " he," and insert " they L. 25. After "Renner" insert "and Cftrif- topher Frederick Pritzler, or either of them

L. 30. Leave out " himself," and insert themselves

L. 31. Leave out " him," and insert " them, or either of them

At the End of the Title, add "and Christopher Fre- derick Pritzler

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Expiring Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Law*. who are appointed to prepare and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were, upon Monday the Sixth of this instant Marchreported from the Committee

who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were lit to be revived, or continued; and then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill for amending the Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors.

Settlement of Lieutenant- General Oglethorpe presented to the House, Moravians, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the People known by the Name of the Unitas Fratrum, or united Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America: And the same was received; and read the Full time. Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Middleton's An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Messuage, and certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, the Ellate of Mary,

Widow, and others; and for veiling the Money, arising the reby, in Trustees, for the same Uses to which the said Ellate now Hands settled; was read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Limiting Service in

the Axtny.

A Bill for limiting respective Times beyond which no Non-commission Officer or Soldier now, or who hereafter may be such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be compelled to continue in the said Service, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Rejohed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Tuesday Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Preventing Sir Hugh Smithfcn presented to the House, according fcom^Gon to ^r<^er'a Bill to prevent a the Mischiefs which may hap powder011* Pen By keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together Horn one Place to another: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time. r Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr.

Allen 1

Mr. Speaker,

Auriol'*. . The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. \

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to 23

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- "" ply granted to his Majesty 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply,

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the 31st December 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt in the Office of Ordnance, as it flood on the 31st December 1748; with the Reasons how the said Debt came to be incurred; be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act a arid'* for naturalizing Peter Auriol, was read the First time. N«.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2o° die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

f\R D E RE D, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill imp^t of for the more effectual preventing the Importation foreign Em* and Wear of foreign Embroidery, and of Gold and Silver broidery,* Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire manufactured in foreign Parts: And that Sir William Yonge, the Lord Dupplin, Mr. Horatio Walpole fe-nior, and the Lord Mayor of London, do prepare, and bring in, the fiune.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenjord, from Exporter the Commilfconers of the Customs, attended at the C"0-Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Corn, distinguisiiing the Species thereof, exported from England, from Christmas 1745, to Chrijmas 1748, distinguisiiing each Year; together with an Account of the Bounty payable thereon, and also the Names of the Ports from and to which the same were exported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the pthep Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,

Sir

Crown Rc-vtrfion* in Lincoln and Mkldksex.

We of London* boose.

Bristol ItJect*, Sec.

Harr'.fim*

NaOjc.

as Geo. II.

20" Martit.

Sir George Tonge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for diverting the Crown of }he Reversion in Fee Ample of and in the Manors of Spalding and Hol-beck, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln; and of and in a Piece *r Parcel of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, in the County of and the Buildings thereon, expectant on certain Estates Tail; and for vesting the same in certain other Persons, therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by pro|>er Methods in Law for the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, tothcSatisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; 2nd, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Lord Dupplinreported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enable the Bishop of , or his

Successors, to demiie or fell the capital Mefiiiage or Mansion-house, called London-for the Benefit of the

Bishoprick of London, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Party concerned had given his Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrorted.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome\ and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of Bristol, so far as the feme Ad relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating Hackney Coachmen, Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, within the said City and Liberties thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed lo by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bin.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering ThoHarriJ'on to take and uie the Surname of Ki in Performance of a Vox.. 25.

Condition contained in the Will of Thomas Kimpfon,

Clerk, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Cujl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for draining and improving certain Denver, to:. Fen Lands lying in Denver, Upwell, Outwell, and Drainage,

in the Isle of Ely, County of Cambridge, and County of Norfolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do part: And that the Title be.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands within the Manors and Pantiles of Upwell and

and the Parishes of Denver and Welnc in the Isle of,

and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk.

Ordered, That Mr. Torke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tile Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Scotch Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an MiniftWi Ad, passed in the 17th Year of his present Majesty's W!^, W.?. Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing 3 an 11 ren Fund for a Provision for rbe Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads,

Principals, and Mailers of the Universities of St. Andrews,

Glasgow, and Edinburgh, was committed. That the Committee had examined tire Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directd him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and arc as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Three millions, be granted to his Majesty, to discharge the Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sura, not exceeding Two hundred and Thirty thousand Three hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Five Shillings and One Peny, be granted to his Majesty, to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance.

The feid Kesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing certain Watlington Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of Inclosure. Watlingten, in the County of Norfolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of I Fat ling ton, in the County of Norfolk.

Ordered, That Colonel Tewnfhtnd do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers *£el'eJ*r

granted by an Act j sifted in the Third Year of the Reign Roa‘"*

of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads

leading into the City of Hereford, was read the Third

lime.

p S Resolved

Vyvyan's

Estate.

Gloucester

Roads.

802

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading into the City of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A. 1748.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an Award, for inclosing and dividing the Heaths, Wades, Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township of Norton juxta Twicross, in the County of Leice, without any Amend-

ment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

20° Martiu

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Making of Leases and Setts of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyvyan Baronet, an Infant, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during his Minority: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And allb.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, between the Firdof January 1747, and the 3rd of December 1748.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

London, Victualling-Office, the 5th January 1748. An ACCOUNT of the Expence of victualling his Majesty's Land Forces, between the id of January 1747, and 3id of December 1748; prepared pursuant to an Address of the Honourable House of Commons, of the 6 th of lad Month.

Expences attending the didributingProvisions tofundry Transports in the River Thames, between the 26th of February, and 8th of March 1747 ——

Amount of a Bill of Exchange drawn from Williamftadt by Mr. M. Hatton, the 13th of April 1748, for Provisions purchased for the ad Battalion of Royals lent to Leith -Amount of a Bill of Exchange drawn from Harwich by Mr. Henry Thames, the 3d of May 1748, for Beer supplied sundry Transports there in March preceding ——

Amount of Necessaries supplied Transports, between the 29th of October, and 16th of December 1748 Amount of Provisions put on board sundry Transports, £g for Holland -

Amount of Provisions issued to Bombardiers, iftc. ——

Amount of Provisions furnished from Jamaica, to his Majesty's Forces at Ruattan -

£ d.

4 4 —

300 — —

51 14 —

S5 6

41,636 12 — 1,257 11 7

563 9 3

The total Amount is Forty-three thousand Eight hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Thirteen Shillings") ,

and Four Pence ----- ----- -- -J *34

Ja. Wallace, Rich. Hall, F. H.

H, Townshend, F. Vernon, W. Jenkins, T. Cayley.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the several Freeholders, and others, of the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset, and living in and near the City of Bristol, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners find, by the Votes of this House, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Fird, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol-, and the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and that the several Roads hereafter mentioned and described, that is to say, from Mangotsfield, through Downend and Ketidalshire, over Heath, to

Maijhill, in the Parish of Westerleigh, towards the Town of Chipping, Sodbury, in the County of Gloucester, from Horfield, through Thornbury, to Stone, in the said County of Gloucester; from Whitchurch and through the

Parish of Timsbury, to a Place known by the Name of Poll Ashes, in the Tything of Welton, in the Parish of Midsummer Norton, in the County of Somerset; from minster, through Ashloh, Bourton, Farley, Westown, Back-well, and Brock/y, to a Place commonly called Horts Batch, the hither End of Cleave, in the Parish of Taton, in the County of Somerset; and the Road from Windford, over Broadways, otherwise Broadfteld Down, to Langford, from thence, over Churchhill's Batch, to Cross and Ware, in the said County; which Roads branch out of the Roads or Highways directed to be repaired by the said former Acts; are in a ruinous Condition, and cannot, by the ordinary Methods prescribed by Law in this respect, be repaired and kept amended, unless some Provision be made by Parliament jor railing Money for that Purpose:

And therefore prayings That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for amending and keeping in Repair the Roads aforesaid, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Southwell, Sir Francis , Mr. Hill, Mr. Charleton, Mr. Rowney, Sir Cha. Keymis Tynte, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Brookfbank, Ms.Fox, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Wal. Wag. Bagot, Sir Edmund , Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Marlin, Mr Lyster, Mr. Gwynne, Mr Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. Hor. Walpole junior, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Prowse, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Lord Parker, Mr. Robittfon, Lord Harley, Mr. Wimungton, Mr. Poioney; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Worcester,

set, and Wilts, and for the City of Bristol: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons. Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748;

Resolved

Norton-juxU Twicross inclosure.

Vi&uaJling the Land Forces.

Land Tar

Commissioners Names, &c.

20° — 2i°

21 Geo. II.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, r.-folvc it felt into a Committee of the whole lloule, upon the said Bill.

I.a re- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

filing the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ot°the Nav"* to,d'der further of the Bill lor amending, explaining, and 0 1 e , VX- rcJuting into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Fo ots by Sea;

Resolved, That this House will, To-Morrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Wav* tod Meant.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, tcfolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Convention for the Campaign 1748, and Translation, which were presented to the House upon the 26th Day of January 1747, be referred to the Lid Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, Tlut they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 210 Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii Ild‘ Regis, 1748.

Prayers.

VvTvtn'* A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Elate. to enable the Making of Leaks and Setts of Mines

of the Estates of Sir RU hard Vyvyan Baronet, an Infant, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during his Minority, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Vol. 25.

for veiling the undivided Fifth Part of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Sussex, the Ellate of Ebenezer Marlow, and William Marlow his Son, an Infant, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Banks Hodgkirfon, Mr. Trevauion, Sir Rich. Mr. Carmichael, Lord Parker, Mr. Selwyn, Lord,

Lord Bateman, Sir John Mr. Bayntun, Mp.

Colleton, Sir Bourelder Wrey, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Lloydc, Mr. West, Mr. Whit worth, Mr. Legge, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lord Vere

Beau clerk, Mr. Prcby, Sir Cor del Mr.

Mr. IViunington, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Pturner, Mr.

Mr. Gore, Mr. Fctlowes, Mr. Mr.

Sir Thomas Wynne', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Ftve of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Ellate of Nathanael , Doctor in Physick, lying in the County of Hereford, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Ellate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage-Settlement, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Newnhatn, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hale, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Peter Thompson Mr. Godulphin, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Pye, Lord Parker, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Mr.

lowes, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Torke, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Plumtr, Mr. Bankes, Mr. GMr. , Mr. Ellis, Mr. Thornbaugh, Sir Francis , Sir John Cust,

Mn Fane, Sir Edward Deering, General Mr.

Btfcazaen, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Brereton; and all the Members who serve for the County of Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Beaghan presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties, commonly called Wharfage Duties, payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also of Ballast and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town: And the same was received; and read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lieutenant-General Onslow presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New street, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, along a Street called St. Saviours Dockhead, in the Parishes of St. John in Southwark and St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey; and through Part of a Street called The Folly, and from thence, by a Place called The Half-peny Hatch, in the Parish of St. Mary len Bermondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of Rotherhith; and from thence to The new Half-way House, in the same Parish; and through Upper Rogues Lane to the East End thereof; and likewise from the said New Half-way House to the South Corner of Lane,

in the Pari foes of St. Paul and Saint Nicholas;

and through the said Lane, and a Street called Grove-Sheet, to the said Lane called Upper Rogues ,in the said Parish of Rotherhith; and also from the South Corner of Redhouse Lane aforesaid, to the South End of Butt Lane, in the said Parish of St. Paul Deptford; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future: And the lame

was received; and read the First time.

j Resolved,

Marlow'*

Elate.

Cotton'*

Ellate.

W'aymontB

Harbour.

Southwark Road from New street.

Weobley

Writ.

Levinz's

Estate.

Settlement of ^loravians.

Trade

HudionV

Eay.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

804 210 Martii. 1748.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a BurgeE to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of fVeobley, in the County of Hereford., in the room of Savage Mostyn Esquire j who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Comptroller of his Majesty's Navy.*

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of William Esquire, in

Billy, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the County of Nottingham,

from a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds, given by Sir Crejjixell Levinz Knight, for charitable Uses, and for

charging the same on his Estate at , in the fame

County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -hough, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Br, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Tracey, Sir John Rufhout, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Hunter, Lord Londonderry, Mr. , Mr. Hanbury, Lord Strange, Mr. Wodeh Mr. Mr.

Clark, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr. White, Mr.

Townshend, Colonel Conway, General Oglethorpe, Mr. BrCretan, Mr. Ellis, Mr. pane, Mr. Earle-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Nottingham, York, and Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for encouraging the People known by the Name of the Unitas Fratrum, or united Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Oglethorpe, Lord Barrington, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. bat/k. Sir John Rushout, Mr. Mr. , Lord

Strange, Mr. Townfbend, Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. South-well, Lord Parker, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Earl of

Egmont, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Legge, Mr. Fane, Colonel Conway, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Noel, Mr. Earle, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Sandys, Sir Edward Dtering, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Phi,

Mr. Mdlish, Mr. Martin; and all the Merchants of the

House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Ad* dress, of Tufday last, had been presented to his Majesty j and that his Majesty. had commanded him to lay before this House, pursuant to the said Address.

Copy of the Report, dated ioth 1748, made,

by the Attorney and Solicitor-General, to the Lords, of a Committee of his Majesty's.most Honourable Privy-Council, in obedience to their Lordships Order in Coifflt-cil, of the 4th of February preceding, in relation to the Petition of Arthur Dobbs Esquire.

And Mr. Comptroller presented to the House the said Copy accordingly.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Copy be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Bay,

and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; aufd also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudforis Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclyfiye Trade to those Countries.

Mr. Alderman Bethel^presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Way* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and Means, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Refutations which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons who shall be interested in, or intitled unto, any Bill or Bills payable in Course out of his Majesty's Offices of the Navy or Victualling, or for Transports, which were made out on or before the 31st Day of December 1748, and who shall, on or before the 20th Day of April next, carry the same to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, to be marked and certified by him to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be intitled unto, and have, an Annuity for the Principal and Interest due on the said Bills, after the Rate of jf. 4 per Cent, per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of this Instant March, payable half-yearly, in lieu of all other Interest; the said Annuity to be charged upon the Sinking Fund, transferable at the Bank of England, until redeemed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Persons who shall be interested in, or intitled unto, any Debentures payable out of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, which were dated on or before the 31st of December 1748, who shall* on or before the 20th Day of April next, carry the same to the Treasurer of his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, to be certified by him to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be intitled unto, and have, an Annuity for the Principal and Interest due on the said Debentures, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of this instant March, payable half-yearly; the said Annuity to be charged upon the Sinking Fund, and to be transferrable at the Bank of England, until redeemed by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question feverafty put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr.

West, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Legge, Mr.

Campbell of Colder, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, to be paid over to the Empress Queen of Hungary, to anl'wer the like Sum claimed by her Imperial Majesty, as an Arrear of the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds mentioned in the Convention concluded at the Hague the 26th Day of January 1748.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

A Morion was made, and the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Telle, for the Yea,'*'

{Mr. nayninn:

Tellers for the Noes.5*‘.r J9* Cctton>

{Mr. Bozves:

So it was resolved in the Aifirmative.

Supply.

1129. j 49*

A Message

Pumlhing Mutiny and Desertion.

Kingdom Harbour, See.

Anstruther Rafter Town Debts, dec.

KiRmrn Bridge Roads.

Puiu filing Mutiny and Ddertion.

MTorcester, ire. Roads.

22 Geo. II.

2 Is — 22° Martii

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Spicer and Mr, Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords defirt the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scats, or One-sixth Part of a Peny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed (or Sale, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of King horn, and Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots upon every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be told or vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within the Town of Anjlruther Eofter, and Liberties thereof, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of and Sparrows Herne, in the County of , without

any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. Line 25. Leave out does," and insert shall:"

Line 28. Leave out " does," and insert

« shall:"

Line 30. After the First " or," insert

shall

Press 6. Line 12. Leave out " Offices," and insert 4‘ Voices:"

Press 43. Line 7. Leave out excepted," and insert " expressed."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee; to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign' of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of

to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Wor-cqfler-, and also for repairing the Road from Droitwieh to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was re-committed, with ffcfpeft to the Clause for authorizing and impowering Persons to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till '[hurfday the Sixth Day of April next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " the 6th Day of " April next," in order to introduce, instead thereof; the Words "Two Months:"

And the Question being put. That the Words the " Sixth Day of April next" stand Part of the Question; The House divided.

Vol. 23.

805

Mr. Tho. Townshend, Mr. Harris: Sir Cha. Mor d Mr. Conyers: ],7' }

The Yeas went forth. Tellers for the Yeas, j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the further Consideration Of the said Report be further adjourned till fhu the 6th Day of April next.

The Order of the 0ay being read, for the House to refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Computy* consider of the State of the Trade to;

Resolved, That this House Will, Upon fhurfdcy the Sixth Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being fead, for the House to Office of resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, upon Coroner* the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

the House resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole J‘aw?"5?e"* House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, ex- veroment^f plaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the the Navy* laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships,

Vessels, and Forces by Sea;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit\22* die Martii;

Anno 22* Georgii II45 Regis, 1748.

Pravees.

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Mucheftet for continuing and making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First; and the other in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sherbrooke Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County of Chester, to Manebefter, in the County of and fof

amending other Roads adjoining to the Road directed to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^"*.er* for draining and improving certain Fen Lands Within ®rwr*fe* the Manors and Parishes of t/pwell and Outwe/l, and the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Isle of Ely, and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, without any Amend-

ment.

And then the MefleAgers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir William Problor, Mr. Torke, Sir John

9 T RmfdeUt

2 2° Martii.

Borough-bridge to

Catherick

Road.

Sale of London-Hottfe.

Export of Corn.

Bristol Streets, &c.

Argyll County Roll oI Valuation,

806

A. 1748.

Ramsden, Mr. Aiftabie, $ir John Pennington, Sir Miles this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Stapyltpn, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Robert Chamber.

Burkett, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Bowes, Mr. I Hilly Mr. Shultleworth, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. James An ingrossed Bill for diverting the Crown of the Re- Spalding,

Shuttleworth, Captain Frankland, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. version in Fee-finiple of and in the Manors of Spalding M*noi»-

Lambton, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Fox, Mr. Townfltend, be and and of several Lands, Tenements, and

q$ded to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Lincoln; and of and in.a Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing Parish of St. Martin in the , in the County of Mid-the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to dlesex, and the Buildings thereon, expedant on certain Qatherick, in the same County, apd from thence to Piers Estates Tail; and for vesting the same in certain other Bridge, on the River Tees, is committed. Persons, therein named, to the Intent the same may be

barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes f/Jin ingrossed Bill to enable the Bishop of London, or therein mentioned; was read the Third time, his Successors, todemife or fell the Capital Messuage or Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, Mansion-house, called London-house, for the Benefit of the An Act for diverting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee-Bishoprick of London, was read the Third time. simple of and in the Manors of Spalding and

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be. An Act to enable the Bishop of London, or his Sue- the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln-, and of cefiors, to demise or fell the Capital Messuage or and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Parish of Mansion-house called London-house, for the Benefit of the Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and Bishoprick of London. the Buildings thereon, expedant on certain Estates Tail;

Ordered, That Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the and for vesting the same in certain other Persons, therein Lords, and desire their Concurrence. turned, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper

Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from Ordered, That Sir William Tonge do carry the Bill to the Commissioners of thfi Customs in Scotlaild, attended the Lords, and desire their Concurrence, at the Door;

He vtyty called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Mr, Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom Glouafter House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Corn, the Petition of the several Freeholders, and others, of the . distinguishing the Species thereof, exported from that Counties of Glovcester and Somerset, and living in and Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Ghriftmas 1745, near the City of Bristol, whose Hands are thereunto fub-\o Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year; together feribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined with an Account of the Bounty paid thereon; and^lfo the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him the Names of the Ports from and to which the feme to report the fame, as it appeared to them,.to the House;

Were exported. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards

And then he withdrew. delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame

And the Title of the said Account was read. was read; and is as followeth;

The feid Account is bound up with the other Papers To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

of {ibis Session. Th and Mr. feverblly Ordered, That the said Account dp lie upon the Table, said. That the Roads mentioned in the Petition are In a

to be peruled by the Members of the House. ruinous Condition, and cannot be repaired, and kept

amended unless some further Provision be made' by An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual an Act, Parliament for that Purpose. passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign Ordered, That it be an Inftfuftion to the Gentlemen of King William the Third, for the better preserving the who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome-, and for cleans- continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in ing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Bristol, so far as the feme Act relates to the paving and King George the First, for amending the . several Roads enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating leading from the City of Bristol-, and: the other, passed in Hackney-Coachmen, Hhlliers, Draymen, and Carters, the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to within the said City and Liberties thereof: was read the explain, and amend the same Act; and for making the said Third time. Act? more pffeftual ;-.Tha,t they do make Provision, in

Resolved, That tbtt Bill do pass: Anc] that the Title the fold Bill, for repairing the Road from Mangot sfield, be. An Act for making more ertfeftual afi Act, paised in through and Kendalshire, over Coal-pit to

the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King Maijhill, in the Parish of towards the Town of

Hfilliam the Third, for the better preserving the Naviga- ..Chipping Sodbury, in the county of ; and from

tion of the Rivers and Froome -, and for cleansing, Horfield, through Thorubyry, to Stone, in the said County laying, and enlightening; the Streets of the City of of Glouccfttr-, and from Whitchurch and through

Bristol, so far as the same Act relates to the paving and the Parish of to a Place known by the Name

- eplightefiing the said Streets; and for the regulating of Poll Ain the Tything of in the Parish of Hackney Coachmen, Hhlliers, Draymen, and Carters, and Midsummer Norton, in the County of and from the Markets, and Sellers of Hay and Straw, within the Bedminster, through Ashtsn,

laid City ancj Liberties thereof. Backweland Brockly, to a Place commonly called Sorts Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bill to the Batch, near Cleave, in the.Parish of Talon, in the County Lords, and desire their Concurrence. of Somerset-, and the Road from over

ways otherwise Broadfteld Down, to Longford, from A Bill for making an authentic); Roll of Valuation for thence, over Churchill's Batch, to CroJ's and Ware, in the the Shire of Argyll, was read a Second time. . said County.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Duncan Campbell, Sir Wm- Tonge, Genera) Onslow, Mr. West, Mr. A Petition of the under-signed Merchants and Traders American Hardinge, Sir Charles Mordatfnt, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Mitchell, of London, was prei'ented to the House, and read; setting Pape.- Bills of Mr. Williams, Mr. Thornhaugh, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. forth, That the Petitioners are largely concerned in the Cr-d,t. Ly/ler, Lord Trentham, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Wilkinson Mr. Trade and Exports from hence to several of his Majesty's Gybbon, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Gore, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Northern Colonies in and especially to the Pro-

Martin, Mr. Vyner, Mr . Lockyear, Ms. Frankland, Mr. vince of Pensilvania, where a moderate Quantity of Paper Sydenham, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. JanJfen-, and all the Members Bill hath been madecurrent by Act of Assembly, which Act who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet was approved by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations

D ized by

22 Geo. II. 22° Martii. ' 807

Plantations, and by the Lords of the Committee of his An Act for effectually amending and repairing the Road Majesty's Privy-Council, and was ratified by his Majesty's leading from , in the County of North-

Order in Council; and that such Paper Bills having been to the Town of Stamford, in the County of Lin-

issued there in an advantageous Manner, and under real coin:

Security, and the Fund not misapplied, the Petitioners An Act for continuing and making more effectual Two apprehend the same have greatly contributed not only to Acts of Parliament, for repairing the Highway between the Settling of that Colony, and to the Convenience of the a certain Place called Kilburn in the County of

People there, as a Medium in Dealings amongst them- , and Sparrows Herne, in the County of

selves, but have also enabled them to fend hither their ford:

Gold and Silver, and thereby to enlarge their Trade An Act for continuing and making more effectual Two with this Kingdom, and to take off much greater Quan- Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eleventh Year titles of Goods and Manufactures from hence than other- of the Reign of his late Majesty King the First,

wife they could have done; and that the find Paper Bills and the other in the Third Year of the lleign of his present have not, as the Petitioners conceive, been injurious to Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Sherbrooke any Person whatever; and that the Petitioners are appre- Hill, near Buxton, and Chapel in the Frith, in the County hensive, that the Bill depending in the House, to regulate of Derby, through the Town of Stockport, in the County and restrain Paper Bills of Credit in the British Colonies of Chester, to in the County of Lancaster;

and Plantations in America, if the same should pass into and for amending other Roads adoining to the Road di-a Law, would lessen the Trade and Exports of this King- reded to be repaired by the first-mentioned Act: dom, and affect the general Credit of the said Province; An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving, the as the People there could not then re-emit the Quantity Harbour of in the County of Cumberland:

of Paper Bills now against them, or replace the same by' An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands any new Creation; but, being deprived of such Currency, and low Grounds in the several Parishes of Sutton, Mepall, would be greatly distressed for want of a proper Medium Doddington, and a Place called

in Trade: And therefore praying the House to permit the Fen, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge,

Petitioners to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said and also in the Parishes of and Pidleywish

Bill, before the same do pass; or to afford the Petitioners ton, in the County of Huntingdon.

such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, within the Manors and Parishes of Upwell and Oulzvell, yntil the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, and the Parishes of Denver and Welney, in the Jfte of Ely in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to and Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk: prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots, or Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders One-sixth Part of a Periy Sterling, upon every Scots Pint and lnftrudions throughout the said Colonies and Planta- of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought tions; be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners into, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Kinghorn, and be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if Liberties thereof:

they think fit. An Act for laying a Duty of Two Penies Scots upon

every Scots Pint of Beer and Ale which shall be fold or Committee of Ordered, That it bean Instrudioato the Committee of vended, brewed, brought in, or tapped for Sale, within aiJdE^ions ^r*v'*eSes and Elections, That they do not proceed upon the Town of An Jiruther Easter, and Liberties thereof:

*" lo s* any Petitions, now before them, touching controverted An Act for confirming an Order and Rule of the Court Elections and Returns, during this Session of Parliament, of Common-Pleas for assessing certain Lands and Tenements, in the Manor of Bellow, to the Parochial Rate9 A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. and Levies of and in the Parish of Siring, in the County to * Bellenden, Gentleman-Dflier of the Black Rod: of

Mr. Speaker, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement

The King commands this Honourable House to attend for dividing and incljofing.certain open Fields and Lands, his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers. in the Manors of Wakcrley and in the County

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to of Northampton:

attend his Majesty. An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement, and an

And, being returned; Award, for inclositig and dividing the Heaths, Wastes,

--- Mr.‘ Speaker reported, That the House had attended Fields, and common Grounds, in the Township of Nor* his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty ton juxta Twicross, in the County of was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick An Act for settling a certain yearly Payment to the and private Bills following; viz.Rector of Broughton, in the County of Bucks, for the An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for Time being, in lieu of Tythes; and for other Purposes ihc.beUer.Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.: thereifr'meutiooed: '

An Act for repairing the Road from North Shields, in An Act for explaining and amending a Power given the County of Northumberland, to the Town of Newcaft/e 'by the Marriage-Settlement of Richard Luther Esquire, upon Tyne: and Charlotte his Wife; and for making the same more

An Act for repairing the Road from the West Cowgate, effectual for the Benefit of the Children of that Mar-near the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, through the < rjage:

West End of Kenton, Pont Eland, Higham Dykes, Newhcyn An Act for impowering the Committee of the Estate v.vJ Edge, Be If ay Mill, and South Middleton, to the Nortty Side of John Rogers Esquire, a Lunatick, to make Surrenders

1 ' of the River IVavfpeck, in the County of Northumberland:and Leases of the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of the

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted said Lunatick, during his Lunacy:

(by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of An Act to enable and oblige Charles Fitzroy Esquire, his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, there- and Frances his Wife, and the Issue of her Body, to take *tn mentioned, leading into the Town of Leominster, in the and use the additional Surname, and bear the Arms, of

County of Hereford; and for making the said Act more Scudamore:

effectual: An Act for authorizing and impowering

An Act to continue Two Acts of Parliament, One of rifon to take and use the Surname of Kimpfon, in Per-the first, and the other of the Ninth, Year of the Reign formance of a Condition contained in the Will of Thomas '* ' *8f his present Majesty, for repairing and enlarging the Kimpfon, Clerk, deceased:

Road leading from the House called The Sign of the Bells, An Act to enable Fofter Barham Esquire, and

in the Parish of Saint Margaret's in Rochester, to Maid- his Issue, to take and use the Surname of Barham, pu.r-stone, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County suant to the Will of Henry Barham Esquire, deceased:

: of Kent; and for rendering the same more effectual:

Vor.. 25. An

N.

808 a a — 23* Martii. A. 1748.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Samuel Rash, Gen- tleman with Dorothy Fuller, h« now Wife, and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned *.

An Act for naturalizing George William and

Frederick Christopher Pritzler:

An Act for naturalizing Magdalen:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Louis

Brhifh Ordered, That it be an Instruct ion to the Committee, ap-

Fi<h«y. pointed to consider of, and report to the House, the Stato of the British Fishery, That they have Power to report their Proceedings, from time to time, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to report their Opinion to the House upon the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminf, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, which was presented to the House upon the 14th Day of this instant March, and then referred to the Consideration of the said Committtee.

Presenting Mischieft from Gunpowder.

A Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another, was read a Second time.

Ryfblved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will.upgn Friday the 7 th Day of April next, resolve itfelfintoa Committee of the

whole House, upon the said Bill.

Leave o tOrdered, That Mr. Proby have Leave to go into the

Absence. Country for the Recovery of his Health.

Ou*^ Ordered., That Sir John Turner be added to the Gen-

KavigatMn. tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill 'for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of , by impowering the

Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks.

Past Horfir* The House was moved, That lb much of an Act, made *° *n ^e 9^ Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Poll, might be read: And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenue thereof, for the Service of the War, and othft her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Poll: And that Mr. Thornton, Mr. Boone, Mr. White, and Mr. Wilkinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ways The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Meant, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. . The Order of the Day being read, for the House to -resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to-consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The H<tufe was moved, That the several Parts of his Majesty'* most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament which relate to the Maintaining of our Naval Force in proper Strength and Vigour, ana^o the Protec-

tion to be given and Favour to be shewn, to those who have served well by Sea and Land, and cannot now be employed, and to the Advancement of our Commerce, and the Culivating of the Arts of Peace, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been Naval ami in his Majesty's Service during the late War, to exercise M'liury Trades: And that Mr. Secretary at War, and the Lord rifcTrMo* Barrington, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Laws respect-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ing the to consider further of the Bill for amending, explaining, Government and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws re- °^lbcNaT?-lating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish have Leave to make a Motion it being after Six of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly ‘

Ordered, That Mr. White have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month upon extraordinary Occasions. . AWeace.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Lloyd, be added to the Com- Southwark mittee to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Small Dfbu. Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint,

Saint Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Church, St. Maty Lambeth, and St. Mary at therhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Piceinfts and Liberties of the lame, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 23° die Martii>

Anno 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1748.

Praters.

MR. Martin, reported from the Committee, to whom Lrach*t the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An . Name.

Act to enable Robert Lynch Esquire, to assume and take upon him the Name of Bloffe, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, Without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the CoO> Wfcftmiaflp mittee, appointed to const Jer of, and report to the House, Flfc Market, the State of the British Fishery, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Libert}' of Westminster, whose Names are

thereunto

ai Geo. II. 1? Marti.809

Westminster thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the Fish Market. Qf (he Inhabitant* of the said City and Liberty, to them referred; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

To prove the Allegations of the Petition, the following Witnesses were examined; viz.

Capta: n Michael Wilkins Conzoay, 'Thomas Smith Esquire, and David ColumbclT, who proved, That the City and Liberties of Westminster had been greatly increased in the Number of Buildings and Inhabitants since the Year 1699, when the Act for making a Free Market

paised: And that the Price of Fish hath continued to advance, even since the Conclusion of the War '

And that Turbuts are sold by the Hollanders for One Shilling, which in London are fold for Twenty Shillings, by reason that the Persons who buy them of the Dutch Fishermen, keep them, even till they are considerably wasted, in order to supply the Town with such small Proportions as may keep up the Price: And that in other Fish thete are also Arts used to raise the Price exceedingly, though not in so higfr a Degree as in the Article of T urbuts:

That Salmon was fold in the Fish mongers Shops for double the Price they paid for it to the Fishermen.

They further proved, That Lobsters, and many other Kinds of Fish, particularly Fresh-Water Fish, were brought over Land to , and from thence down

the Thames to billingsgate, which increased the Prices to the Inhabitants of Westm who were obliged to buy them at Second Hand from those who bought them at Billingsgate:

That the Profits made by the middle Man, or Factor, deprived the Fishermen of that Gain which would encourage more Men to follow the Business, and consequently increal'e the Number of Seamen.

They further proved, That the Price of Flesh Meat had been advanced.

They proved. That the Fishermen had refused at Billingsgate to fell Fish, out of their Boats, to private Persons, alleging as the Heafon for such Refusal, That the Fish in the Boats belonged to Fishmongers:

And that the Fish landed at Billingsgate was surrounded by the Dealers, in such a manner, as to prevent private Persons buying for their Ule at that Market.

And your Committee was informed, by a Member present, That most of the Smacks that go from

end 10 the North Portlands, to buy Fish, carry Nets and Tackle with them, on Pretence of Fishing, belong to Fishmongers.

1 And the Witnesses further said. That there was Room

for a convenient Fish Market near the new Bridge at Westminster, the Landing of Boats at which Place would save the Carriage of Fish down to Billingsgate, and back; and, in their Opinion, would prevent the great Profits of the middle Men, above Specified, and thereby much abate the Price of Fish, and increase the Number of Fishermen, and tend to destroy the Monopoly of Fish.

The Committee came to the following Resolutions: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a tree and open Fish Market in the City of Westminster, would greatly tend to increase the Number F Fishermen, and improve and encourage the Fishery of this Kingdom

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminftei-.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster: And chat ^Lieutenabt-General Oglethorpe, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Peter Sir BonrctierWrey,

L Y01. 45.

Mr. Laroche, Sir Robert Grosvenor, and the Lord ham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed Scotch Miniin the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for tire Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, of the Umverfities ot Saint Andrews, and Edinburgh, was read the Third time.

Rejo/vcd, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 17th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund for a Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the C. urch of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Masters, of the Universuies of St. Andrews, Glasgow, and Edinburgh.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Thirflt Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Thirsk, in the County of York, in the Room of Frederick Frankland Esquire; who, since his Election lor the said B rough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Com- Supply, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confiJer further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to repoit to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards* delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum not exceeding Forty thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, towards the

Charge of transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, for a certain Time after their Arrival, such reduced Officers and private Men, lately dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and other his Majesty's Subjects, as shall be willing to settle in the said Colony, under such Regulations as his Majesty shall judge proper.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-three thousand Two hundred and Seventy-four Pounds Six Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty upon Account, for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1749.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House, Nemine -tradteente.

The other Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence. fions.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, ap- Trade to pointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Hudfoa's , Countries adjoining to Hudson s Bay, and of the Trade ®a3r* 4

carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheriea there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the; Company of Adventurers trading into

Hudson'sBay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade }o those Countries,;

That the said Committee having, pursuant to the Order and Powers given to them, proceeded to examine one

John Longland, thought it incumbent upon them to report that - Examination specially to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in

9U at

8io

2y Martil — 4

A. *749.

at the Clerk's Table: Where the fiune was read j and is

as followeth , viz.

e

A Pterson Resolved, Nemine ContrThat it appears to this

foTprtvari- House, that the said John has prevaricated in

eating. his Evidence before the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said John Longland be, for his said Offence, taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Land Tar The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Commission- foive itself into a Committee onlie whole House, upon the Sec. Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough; of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That (he Bill bt Committed to Mr. Btagkak, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. , General,

Mr. Gundry, Mr. Proivfe, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Compton,

Sir Peter Thmpfon, Mr. Sandy Sir CharUs

Mr. Middleton, Mr. Briftovte, Mr. Smith, Mr. Browne, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Chafin, Mr. Medlycott, Mr.

Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Barlow, Mr. , Sir Roger Twifden, Colonel Holmes, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Belchier; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Wilts, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Harley presented to the House, according R0fs Road;, to Order, a Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Law* re. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the speding the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amend-rfthe'nent ing, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parlia-c ary' ment, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord V.ere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

And the Question being put. That this House will, upon Wednesday the 5th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consideriurthtr of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr Belchier reported from the Committee, to whom Somtnv.vk the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Chrtft-Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the lame, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

The House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

forth. Ye*J 5*. T.H.Kfor.h.No=,.|"'f>'->

Mr. Prowje presented to the House, according to BriSol Road*. Order, a Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol-, and the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And then the House adjourned till ‘TuefdaJ Seven-night, the 4th Day of April next. Nine of the Clock in the Morning.

P R A y 1 R S.

Martiiy 40 die;

Anno 22° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

WtymonA A BILL for the better ascertaining, recovering, and Harbour. jljL collecting certain Duties, commonly called Wharfage Duties, payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Mel-eombeRegis, in the Caunty of Dorset and also of Ballast and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbourj suid for thfc better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town; was (tad a Second time.

A Petition of the trading Inhabitants of the City of Trade to Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting Hudion'* forth. That, by the Votes of the House, the Petitioners "y* observe. Application is making to have that Branch of Commerce carried on (0 Hudfpn's Bay (for many Years past confined in the Hands of a few Persons) rendered open and free to all the British Subjects: And alleging. That every Person concerned in Trade cannot' but be fehfible how greatly such a Step would tend to the Welfare of this Kingdom, by increasing the Contumpbion of our Manufactures, and promoting Navigation in general: And therefore praying the Assistance of Abe House in forwarding so good a Design.

Ordered, That the said Petition! do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed. That Mr. Qddnfdd, froth Exports to the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door j PenfiWa&u.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their. Gilder, an Account of the Value of the Exports form England to PenfUvama, from ChrifL mas 1722, to Christmas 1747,. distiaguifliirtg how much thereof were Goods; exported By Certificate, and howmbeh thereof were of the Product of English Manufactuxtsa, distinguisluag, each Year.

£3 Ge6. II.

4* Apritis.

Six

Lord Fane's £fta».

And tftfrn lie Withdrew.

And the Title of the said Adcounl Was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this SefSoh.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, ft) be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled F.state of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of and in the County of Limerickin the Kingdom of , for discharging Debts andlncumbrariccs; and also for settling another Estate, in the County of Berks, in lieu thereon and for securing a Rent-charge to Mary Viscountess , as a G6mpensation for her Estate for Life in the Premises, in the County of Devon; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Harris, Mr.

Belchier, Nfr. Tdrke, Mr. Mr. Compton, Mr.

Powlett, Mr. Revell, General Onslow, Mr. Banks, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Erefiine, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Smith, Mr. Pollen, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mellish, Lord Mr. Cary,

Lord Londonderry, Mr. Ord, Mr. Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. HamiltonMr. Medlycott, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Edvj. Montagu, Mr. and all the Members

who lerve for the Counties of Berks, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wooll?n tec. . Mr. Horatio Walpole senior reported from the Commit-ManuLttura* tee to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, m ide in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk v and also.ta extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manu-fastiirfes; Was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the ' ' House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

The House Being informed that several other Amendments are proper to be made to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Bill was committed.

Vyvyan'*

Estate.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to epable- the Making of Leases and Setts of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyvydn Baronet, ah Infant, in the Counties of Cornwall and De, during his Minority, was read a Second time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mokfworih, Mr; Powney, Mr. Str^ John Cleft,

Mr. Chester, Mr. Compton, Sir Cha. Sedley, Mr Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Winningt Mr. Lyster, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. B.Hodgjkinson, Sir Tynfe, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hohlyn, Lord Gage, Mr. South* well, Mr. fVilles, Mr. Pdimer, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Fettvwes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devbn,- and Somerset: And they1 are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the dock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

om A Petition of John Longhand lAii\her, Was ptefehtod' tb

Custody m House, and read; setting forth. That, in purfiWkice of

You 25.

an Order of the House, made the 23d bay of March laA,

Upon a Report from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the State and Condition 6F the Countries adjoining to'

Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried' on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and ex-dufiveTrade to those Countries; the Petitioner, for having prevaricated in his Evidence before the said Commit-' fee, was taken into Custody by the Serjeaht at Arms attending this House: And that the Petitioner is sensible of his laid Crime, and is very sorry for having committed; the lame, and never will be guilty of the like Again and alks Pardon of the House for his said Offence'; And that the Petitioner was taken into Custody the Day the said;

Order was made, and has continued under Confinement, ever since: And that the Petitioner, for some Time before, laboured under a Pleuretic Fever and Inflammation of his Lungs, and is in low Circumstances: And therefore praying, That the House would be pleated to have Companion on his Misfortunes, and that he may bedii-charged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Lonbe brought to the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morning, in order to his being discharged out of Custody.

Sir Francis Drake reported to the House, That her Answer to Royal Highness the Princrfs of Wales had been attended Message to with the congratulatory Message of this House, on the Increase of the Royal Family, by her Royal Highness being happily delivered of a Princess; and that her Royal Highness was pleased to return this Answer:

Gentlemen,

I thank you for the Duty you shew on this Occafiort to the King, and the Regard you shew to me.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hotford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Kempe'a naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempe: To which the N>t*

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hawksworth'i Veiling the settled Estate of Walter HawF.squire, Estate, in the County of York, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of Hawksworth, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Dupplin presented to the House, according Import^ to Order, a Bill for the more effectual preventing the 1m-:

portation and Weir of foreign Embroidery, and of Gold1 r0 er^‘ and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts: And the feme' was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.'

An ingrossed Billrfrom the Lords, Intituled, An for veiling, the settled Estate of Walter Hawkftusorlh Estate. Esquire, in the County of York, in him and-his rleirs^ and for settling the Manor of Hawin the feme County, in lieu thereof, to tile like uses; was read ftie First time. . »'>

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. C

An ingyoffed Bill, from the Lords* intituled, An Act Aufiol's

it* rtri f 1", try*, n /T P O toV /ftTt* f /) / U74T n ftrvt* ' bnf.1

for naturalizing Peter fluriol, was read a Second time. , Resolved, That the Bill* be' committed- to Lord Dupp plin, Mr. Bayntun^ Mr. Font, Mr. Erejkinp, Corne-wall, Lord'Advocate oif Scotland, Lord Parket, Mir.

Mr. Northey, Mr. CampbellMr. Prewfe, Mr.

Mr. ftihekfUr, Hay, Mr. Hitrtifa Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Smythe, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mojiyn,'$lSi. l©F#§i Mr. Browne, Mr, Middleton, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Mr.

M

Settlement of Moravians.

Post-Horset &c. let to hire.

Middleton's

Estate.

Trade to Hudftm'&Bay.

KempeY

Nat.

Can of the House.

812 4° — 5*

Mr. Nugent, Sir Wm. Bp. P, Mr. Grenville, Lord LIarley, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Vane, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Whichcote: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton, Sir Bourchier IVrey, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Baltimore, Lord Lord Luxborough, Mr. IViIkSir IVm. Tonge, Sir Nath. Curzon, Sir Peter Warren, Sir John burner, Mr.

1Thornton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Johnson, Mr. West, Mr. Hor, Walpole, Admiral Vernon, Sir Wm. Beau. Proctor, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. M'Leod, Mr.

Mr. Ofwaid, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Delme, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Banks, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Sandys, General Onslow, Sir John Cufl, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Northey, Mr. Brereton, Lord Gallway, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Tho. Fonereau, Mr. Newnham, be added to the Committee to whom the Bill for encouraging the People known by the Name of Unit as or United Breth-

ren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America, is committed.

Mr. Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, An Act for establishing a General Poll-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Poll: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Messuage, and certain Freehold and Copy-hold Lands and Hereditaments in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of Mary Middleton Widow, and 'others; and for veiling the Money, arising the reby, in Trullees, for the same Uses to which the said Estate now Hands settled; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Erskine ', Mr. Barbor, Lord Dupplin, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lyfler, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Mr.

Martin, Mr. Winnington, Lord Panmure, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Ker, Mr. Mr. Maitland, General Oglethorpe, Mr. O/zvald, Mr. Edwin, Sir Duncan Campbell, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Lord Parker, Sir John Cufl, General Onslow, Mr. Scrope, Mr. MtKey, Mr. Walpole , and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of New" castle under Line, in the County of Stafford, was presented 'to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners observe an Application has been made to the House from several of the principal trading Towns in the Nation, to have that Branch of Commerce which is carried on to Hudson's Bay, to be free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, which has long been locked up in the Hands of a few, to the Detriment of the Nation in general: And that the Petitioners conceive that a Compliance With such Request will be highly beneficial to the trading Part of this Kingdom, and Increase of the Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures: And therefore praying the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

: An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempt, was read the First time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Ordcp of the Day, for the Call of the House being read j _».

Aprilis. A. 1749.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this day Fortnight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better ordering the Office of Coroner.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Comewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comewall reported from the Committee, That they bad made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 50;

Anno 22° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Pr AYERS.

'tOHNLongland was, according to Order, brought J to the Bar; where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker; and was ordered to be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the principal Merchants, and others, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the

Hou'e, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend the long Confinement of Bay Trade in

the Hands of an exclusive Company, whole Interest it has been not to do much in it, and who accordingly have never employed more than Two or Three Ships yearly, has been highly prejudicial to the true Interest of this Nation, andagreat Hindrance to the Consumption of our Woollen; Iron, and other valuable. Manufactures: And therefore praying, That the said Branch of Commerce may be declared free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, as being the only effectual Means of extending and improving it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table:

Ordered, That Mr. Allgood, Mr. Burrel, Mr.

Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Neale, Sir John Turner, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lockyer, S\v Francis Poole, be added to the

Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords,1 intituled, An Act for discharging the Estate of William Levintz Esquire, in Bilby, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the County of Nottingham, from a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds, given by Sir Creffivell Levinz Knight, for charitable Uses, and for charging the same on his Estate at Grove, in the same County, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Robert Lynch Esquire, to assume and take upon him the Name of Blojfe, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Martin do carry the Bill to the Fords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to iefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

" *4 to

Oflccof

Coroner.

A Person

reprimanded,

&c.

Trade to Hudson's Bay,

Ltvtnz'a

Estate.

Lynch's

Name.

Way*

and Means.

Supply.

Laws respefi* ing the Government of the Navy.

Southwark Road from New-street

Marlow's

Estate.

22 Geo. II. 50 — 6° Apr ills. / 813

to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 6° di Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii II. Regis, 1749.

Praters.

A BILL for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New S, in the Parish of Saint John Southwark, along a Street called St. Saviours Dock-head, in the Parishes of St. John in Southwark and St. Mary Magdalen Bermoudfey; and through Part of a Street

called The Folly; and from thence, by a Place called The Half-petty Hatch, in the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen mondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of Rotherhith; and from thence to The New Half-way House, in the same Parish; and through Upper Rogues Lane to the East End thereof; and likewise from the said Neiv Half-way House to the South Corner of Redhouse Latte, in the Parishes of St. Paul and Saint Nicholas Deptford; and through the said Lane, and a Street called Grove Street, to the said Lane called Upper Rogues Lane, in the said Parish of Rotherhith % and also from the South Corner of Redhouse Lane aforesaid, to the South End of Butt Lane, in the said Parish of St. Paul Deptford; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; was read a Second time.

Resolvedflbat the Bill be committed to General Onslow, Mr. Alftone, Sir Pet. Thompfott, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. West, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Lamb,\Mr. Hay, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Boone, Lord Dupplin, Colonel Lee, Mr. Beaghan, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Powney, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Smy the Mr. Compton, Sir Cha. Mordaunt; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Kent, Sussex, the City of London, and County of Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bankes Hodgkinson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, horn the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the undivided Fifth Part of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of the Estate of Ebenezer Marlow and William , his Son, an Infant,

in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given , their Confect to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that -the Committee had directed him to re-Vot. 25.

port the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Thornhagh reported from the Committee, to whom Levina's the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for ECate-discharging the Estate of William Esquire, in Bil-

ly, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the County a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds, given by Sir Crejj-well Levinz Knight, for charitable Uses, and for charging the same on his Estate at Grove, in the same County, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Powney, according to Order, reported from the Statute* of Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re- *n<1 medyinglnconveniencies which may happen by Proceed- Cr^' ings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tabte.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Sevennight.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Shrewsbury, was presented to the House, and read; sett ing forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes of the House, an Application made by the trading Part of the Nation, to have that Branch of Commerce, carried on to Hudson's Bay, which has been confined long in the Hands of a few, to the great Detriment of the British Trade and Navigation in general, to be rendered open and free henceforward to every British Subject: And alleging. That the Petitioners are convinced that such a Step would greatly conduce to the Benefit of this Kingdom, and, in a large measure, promote the Consumption of our Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures: And therefore praying the Content of the House thereto.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Trade to Hud fork'* Bay.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names *re preventing the reunto subscribed. Manufacturers of Gunpowder, on Mischief Behalf of themselves and others trading in that Commo- fr°"j^uni* dity, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that, in case the Bill, now depending, for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another, should pals into a Law, it may affect their Ef-tates and Properties, and lay them, and all other Persons concerned in the said Commodity, under many great Inconveniencies, and tencf to a national Detriment and Injury: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill; and that such Relief may be given in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

A Petition of William Bollan Esquire, Agent for his Ma- American jesty's Province of the Massachusetts Bay, in New England, Paper Crtdit. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That King James the First, upon the Petition of the principal Knights and Gentlemen Adventurers of the Second lish Colony in America, and of divers Persons of Quality, who intended to be their Associates, did, on the Third Day

9 X of

American Paper Credit.

814 6° Apr ills. A. 1749.

of November, irt the Eighteenth Year of his Reign, by his named, their Heirs atfd Afllgrts, all the Parts of New ' Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of England, for the England, lying between the Bounds in the said Indenture Enlargement of his Dominions, and other laudable Pur- expressed, and all Jurisdictions and Privileges bargained poles, by the Advice of his Privy-Council, ordain and and (old, or intended to be granted, bargained, and fold, establish, That all that Circuit and Continent in America, to the said Sir Henry others, and to their Af-

lying in Breadth, from Forty to Forty-eight Degrees of iociates, by the said Indenture to be holden of the said North Latitude, and in Length by all the Breadth afore- King Charles, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Manor said, throughout the main Land, from Sea to Sea, should of East Greenwich aforesaid, in free and common Soccage, be the Limits and Precincts of the said Second Colony, and not nor by Knights Service: And that, for the

-and that the said Territories should from thenceforth be bfetter Management of the said Lands, and the good Go-named Nexv England, in America: And that, for the better vernment of the Planters thereof, the said King Charles,

planting and governing of the said Colony, his Majesty did, by his Letters Patent aforesaid, created and made the said by the Advice of his Privy-Council, by the said Letters Pa- Sir Sir John Young, Sir Richard

tent, ordain, That, from thenceforth, there should be, in and oth.rs therein named, and all such others as

the Town of PUmouth, in the County of Devon, One Body should be made free of the Company therein after-named. Politick, which should have perpetual Succession, to con- One Body Politick, by the Name of the Governor and fist of Forty Persons, and no more, which should be, and Company of the Massachusetts Bay, in New England; and should be known by the Name of the Council established did grant unto them, and their Successors, divers Powers, at PUmouth, in the County of Devon, for the Planting, Liberties, and Privileges: And that the Governor and

Ruling, Ordering, and Governing, of New England, in Ame- Company of the Massachusetts Bay, by virtue of the said 1 tea: And his Majesty, at the Nomination and Request of Letters Patent, at their own great Expence, settled a Co-the said Petitioners, did thereby ordain, establish, and con- lony of the English in the fail! Parts of America; and di-firm, Lodowick Duke of Lenox, George Lord Marquis vers good Subjects of the Kingdom of England, encou-

Buckingham, James Marquis Hamilton, William Earl of raged and invited by the said Letters Patent, transported Pembroke, "Thomas Earl of Arundel, William Earl of Bath, themselves and their Effects into the fime; whereby the

Henry Earl of Southampton, William Earl of Salisbury, said Plantations became populous, and divers Counties,

Robert Earl of Warwick, John Viscount- Haddington, Ed- Towns, and Places, were iet f rth and erected by the said ward Lord Zouch, Edmond Lord Sheffield, Edward Lord Governor and Company for the Time being: And that Gorges, Sir Edward Seymor, Sir Robert Manfell, Sir Ed- the Colony of New Plimouth, Part of New England, was

ward Zouch, Sir Dudley Digges, Sir "Thomas Roe, Sir Fer- begun to be settled in the latter Part of the Reign of King dinando Gorges, Sir Francis Popham, Sir John Brookes, Sir James the First, and was continued and increased, under

Thomas Gates, Sir Richard Hawkins, Sir Richard Edge- a Grant made by the said Council established for planting

combe, Sir Allen Apfley, Sir Warwick Heale, Sir Richard, and governing New F.ngland, to William Bradford

Catckmay, Sir John Bourgchier, Sir Nathanael Rich, Sir Ed- Esquire, and his Heirs, for the Use of the Planters, and

ward Giles, Sir Giles Mompefjon, Sir Thomas Wroth, Mat- their Heirs, of all the Lands in that Colony, by certain thew Sutcliffe, Dean of Exeter, Robert Heath Esquire, Limits, with all Jurisdictions and Privileges, to be holden Henry Bourgchier, John Drake, Rauleigh Gilbert, George of his Majesty King Charles the First, his Heirs and Suc-

Chudleigh, Thomas Hamon, John Argali, Esquires, and their cessors, as of his said Manor of Greenwich, in free and Successors, to be One Body Politick, by the Name of the common Soccage, and not in Capite, nor by Knights Ser-Council established at Plimouth, in the County of Devon, vice: And that the Province of Main, another Part of for the Planting, Ruling, and Governing, of New England, New England, was alfoOne of the early Plantations made in America: And his Majesty did, by his Letters Patent by the English in America, and having been granted, to-aforesaid, grant unto the said Council, and their Successors, gether with full Powers of Government over it, to Sir ample Powers of L g starure and Government over the Ferdinando Gorges, his Heirs and Assigns, the same passed, , said Colony, so always as their Laws, Ordinances, and by Purchase and mesne Conveyances, to the said Gover-Proceeding'- should, as near as conveniently might, be norand Company of the Massachusetts Bay, to be holden agreeable to the Laws, Statutes, Government, and Poli- by them, and their Successors, of the King, his Heirs and cy, of the Realm of England:And that his Majesty did, Successors, as of his Manor of East Greenwich aforesaid, in by the Advice of his Privy-Council, by his Letters Patent free and common Soccage, and not/* nor by Knights

aforesaid, grant and confirm unto the said Council, estab- Service: And that, in the Term of the Holy Trinity, in lished for planting and governing of New England, and the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the their Successors and Assigns forever, all that Part of Ame- Second, a Judgment was g[ven in the Court of Chancery rica, lying in Breadth from Forty to Forty-eight Degrees a That the said Letters Patent of King

of North Latitude, inclusively, and in Length within all C the First, granted to the said Governor and Com-the Breadth aforesaid, throughout the main Lands from pany of the Mafl'achufeits Bay, and the Inrolment of the Sea to Sea, to be holden of his Majesty, his Heirs and fame, should be cancelled and vacated: And that King Successors, as of his Manor of East Greenwich, in the William and Queen Mary, on the Seventh Day of October, County of Kent, in free and common Soccage, and not in the Third Year of their Reign, by their Letters Patent, inCapite, nor by Knights Service: And that the said under the Great Sea! of erected, united, and in-

Council, established for planting and governing of New corporated, the Territories and Colonies called the Colony England, did, on the Nineteenth Day of March, in the of the Massachusetts Bay, Colony of New Plimouth, the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, by Province of Main, the Territory called Acadia, or Nova their Deed, indented under their Common Seal, grant, Scotia, and all that Trad! of Land lying between the said bargain, and fell, a certain Part of New England, with all Territories of Nova Scotia and the Province of Main, their Jurisdictions, Rights, and Privileges therein, to Sir into One Province, by the Name of the Province of the Henry Rofwell, Sir John Young, and others, their Heirs Massachusetts Bay, in New England; and their Majesties and Assigns and their Associates, to be holden of his did thereby for themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, Majesty King Charles the First, his Heirs and Successors, grant all the Lands and Territories, lying within the said as of his Manor of East Greenwich aforesaid, in free and Province, foereded and incorporated, untothelnhabitants common S ;ccage, and not in Capite, nor by Knights Ser- of their said Province of the Mffackufetts Bay, and their vice: That King Charles the First did, on the Fourth Day Successors for evermore, to be holden of their Majesties, of March, in the Fourth Year of his Reign, by his Letters their Heirs and Successors, as of their Manor of East Green-Pafent, under the Great Seal of England, grant and wich, by Fealty only, in free and common Soccage: And confirm unto the Lid Sir Henry Rofwell and others, named that their Majesties did, by their Royal Charter aforesaid, in the Indenture aforesaid, and to their AHociates Sir ordain. That from thenceforth forever, there should be Richard Sa/touftall and others, io the said Letters Patent One Governor, Lieutenant-Governor and Secretary of the i 2 said

z i G,eo. It. 6° Aprilis. 815

American said Province, to be appointed by their- Majesties, their Paper Credit. Hejrs and Successors, and Twenty-eight Assistants, ot Counsellors, to be advising and assisting to the Governor, to be elected in such manner as is therein directed; and that it should be lawful for the Governor, with the Advice and Consent of the said Council or Assistants, from time to time, to appoint Judges, Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, and other Officers, to their Majesties Council and Courts of Justice belonging: That their Majesties did thereby also ordain. That there should be convened and held, by the Governor, upon every last Wednesday in the Month of May, every Year, forever, and at all such other Times as the Governor should appoint, a Great and General Court or Assembly, which should consist of the Governor and Council, or Assistants, for the Time being, and of certain Freeholders of the said Province, to be, from time to time.elected by the major Part of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, qualified as therein mentioned: And their Majesties did thereby, for themselves, their Heirs and Successors, grant to the said Governor and to the Great and General Court or Assembly, for the Time being, full Power and Authority, from time to time, to make, ordain, and establish, all manner of reasonable Orders, Laws, and Statutes, not repugnant to the Laws of the Realm of England, as they should judge to be for the Welfare of the said Province, and the Government thereof: And that the said General Court, or Assembly, should have full Power to name and settle annually all Civil Officers within the said Province, such Officers excepted, the constituting of whom was reserved to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, or to the Governor; and to impose 'and levy proportionable and reasonable Assessments and Taxes upon the Estates and Persons of the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the said Province, to be issued and disposed of by Warrant, under the Hand of the Governor, with the Advice and Consent of the Council, for their Majesties Service, in the necessary Defence and Support of the Government of their said Province, and the Protection and Preservation of the Inhabitants, according to such Acts as were, or should be, in Force therein; and to dispose of all Matters and Things, whereby their Subjects, Inhabitants of the said Province, might be religiously, peaceably, and civilly governed, protected, and defended; provided always. That in the framing and passing of all such Orders, Laws, and Statutes, and in all Elections and Acts of Government whatsoever, the Governor should have the Negative Voice; and it is thereby ordained. That the said Orders, Laws, and Statutes, should be, by the First Opportunity after the making thereof, transmitted unto their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for their Approbation or Disallowance: And their Majesties . did thereby also grant unto the said Inhabitants divers other Privileges, Liberties, and Immunities: And that King William and Queen Mary did, on the Twelfth Day of December next alter granting their Royal Charter aforesaid, by their Letters Patent, under the Great Seal of England, constitute Sir lVilliam Phipps Knight, to be their Captain-General and Governor in Chief over their said Province of the Massachusetts Bay; and thereby required him to execute all Things in due manner that should belong unto that Trust, according to the several Powers and Authorities mentioned in their said Charter, and in the said Commission, or such further Powers, Instructions, and Authorities, as he should then receive, or which should, at any Time thereafter, be granted or appointed him under their Majesties Sign Manual and Signet, by Order, in their Privy-Council, in pursuance of their said Charter, and according to such reasonable Laws and Statutes as then were in Force, or which thereafter should be made and qgreed upon, in such Manner and Form, as by their said Charter was directed: And the Inhabitants of the said Province have been since governed by the Laws, according to their Constitutiun, in pursuance of the aforesaid Commission, and other like lawful Commissions, in Form aforesaid, issued under the Great Seal of the Kingdom: . And that a Colony, being the Progeny of a State, hath, Vot. *5.

as the Petitioner conceives; by the Laws Nature; an undoubted Right to the Liberties of its Mother Country:

And that, by the Act of Parliament, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled;

An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, it is expressly declared, That his Majesty's Plantations beyond the Seas were inhabited and peopled by his Majesty's Subjects of his Kingdom of England: And the Petitionerapprehends;

That those Inhabitants, being English Subjects, had, and their Successors, the present Inhabitants, now have, a clear and certain Title to the Benefit of the Common LaW, and to the common Liberties of Englishmen; and that the Laws are, and ever ought to be, the foie Measure of their Subjection, and the Rule of the King's Government' over them: And alleging, That the Petitioner apprehends, if the Bill, now depending before the House, " To " regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the " Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent th'fe " same being legal Tenders in Payment for Money; and " for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations;" should be carried into a Law, by the Matter therein contained, for enforcing the Royal Orders and Iri-flruftions throughout the Colonies, all future Orders given by all future Princes, or by or under their Authority, to the Governors of the Colonies, however reougnant they may be to the present Constitution of Great Britain, and her Colonies, will be virtually contained in it, and receive the Sanction of Parliament from it; and that the Orders to those Governors, being in their Nature relative to the People under their Government, however illegal they would have been before making such Law, when they come to be ratified and enforced by it, they will thereby themselves become Laws, and necessarily bind the People j and that this' Bill, passed into a Law, by its natural Operation and Effects, will take from the Inhabitants of the Massachusetts Bay, not only the special Powers and Privileges they enjoy by their Charter, but likewise all the Liberties they hold in common with other Subjects:

And the Petitioner also conceives. That although a Remedy for the JBviis attending Paper Credit in the Colonies is much to be desired, yet the present Bill is not only dif-proportionate in its Parts relative thereto, but insufficient in the Frame of it to cure those Evils; and is moreover liable to a Construction very prejudicial to the Interests of the Constituents of the Petitioner: And therefore, ih

Behalf of the said Province of the Massachusetts Bay, praying. That the Petitioner may be heard, by IiisCounfel, against the said Bill; and that the same be not palfed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Mr. Oswald reported from the Committee, to whtim Areylf the Bill for making an authentick Roll of Valuation for County Rolf she Shire of Argyll, was committed. That the Committee of ^aluauo*. had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Mellifk reported from the Committee, to whom Lockwood* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords intituled, An Act for Edatej veiling the Inheritance of the real Estate late df John Lockwood Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of the Incumbrances charged upon the fatne by virtue of, and under, his Will, was committed, That

the

8i 6

6° Apr'tlis. A. 1749.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committeeand that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerks Table.

Woollen tcc. Manufacture!.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotpressers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures; is recommitted; That they have Power to extend the said Act, of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to the Manufactures of Hemp and Flax; and also that they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for extending the said Act, of the Twelfth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, or such Parts thereof as the said Committee shall think proper, to Persons employed in the said Manufactures of Hemp and Flax.

Poll Horse* Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made &c.kt to *n lhe Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, hire. An Act for establishing a General Poll-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horles or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Poll, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Settlement of Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Moravian*. Committee, to whom the Bill for encouraging the People known by the Name of Unitas or United Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in , was

committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Worcester, The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the *«. Road*, adjourned Gonfidt ration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of to Dyers

Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley

Brook, in the same County; was re-committed, with respect to the Clause for authorizing and impowering Persons to put the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Two Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yea, { {*;: }

Tellers for the Noes, j } .30.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, made by the Committee to the said. Clause, by adding the Name of the Reverend Mr. Whit combe. Rest or of East Ham:

And the Question being put. That the Name of tlhe Reverend Mr. Whitcombe, Rector of East Ham, be added to the said Amendment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this prefen't Act in Execution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ya, j} S'-

Tellers for the Noes, j J 11^-

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be madetothe laid Amendment, by adding the Name of the Reverend Mr. fames Brook:

And the Question being put, That the Name of the Reverend Mr. James Brook be added to the said Amendment, for him to be One other of the Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeaej^f: j 3,

Teller, for the Noee| cJ J 119.

So it passed in the Negative.

And a Motion being made, That the House will not

appoint any Persons to be Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution, but those only who are named and included in this Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill was re-committed;

The House was moved, That the Resolution contained in the Journal of the House, of Friday the 18th Day of May 1660, That no more Names of Commissioners be added in the Ordinance for Three Months Assessment, might be read:

And so much of the said Journal as relates to the leaving out of the Names of foine of the Commissioners inserted in the said Ordinance; and also the said Resolution of the House; were read:

And the Question being proposed, That the House will not appoint any Persons to be Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution, but those only who are named and included in this Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill was re-committed;

And the previous Question being put. That that Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellm for the Yeas,^- J SS.

Teller, for the Noe,|"r j,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put. That the House will not appoint any Persons to be Trustees for putting

the

African

Company.

Cotton's

Estate.

22 Geo. II. 6° — 70 817

the said former Acts and this present Act in Execution, but those only who are named and included in this Report from the Committee to whom the said Bill was re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Ten- he Yea, } 84.

Telle* for the NoeS, } } J9.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Amendment, made by the said Committee to the said Clause, w'as, with the Amendment which the House had made thereto, upon the 16th Day of

March last, agreed to by the House.

The House proceeded upon the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill wras committed:

And another of the Amendments, made by that Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Sevennight;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, j f"'* } S8-

Tellers for the Noe % |^r*^ j 8j.

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Amendment, made by the said Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Folio 9. lane 17. of the said Bill, which declares what Number of Trustees are necessary to be present at any Meeting for putting in Execution the Powers granted by the said former Acts or this present Act being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word " Nine," in order to insert in (lead thereof the Word " Fifteen

And the Question being put, That the Word " Nine" stand Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Truer, for the Yeas, \ Cofond

Tellers for the Noes, j. } 57-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 70' Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii II41 Regis, 1749.

Pray ers.

MR. West reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from 4he Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Nathanael Cotton, Doctor in Physick, lying in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage-Settlement, was committed. That the Committee had Vot, 25.

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Nominees House, a List of the Names of the several Nominees, the with their Ages, subscribed upon an Act, passed in the of'vviii & Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary. Mary, commonly called the Million Act, as they were delivered into the Exchequer at Claft, for Payment of the Dividend then due upon the Benefit of

Survivorship.

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Borough-Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution bridge to an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his j?ur*Jain present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to on the

River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to she City of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the feme, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty, several Tolls were granted, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Road; but all Carriages going unladen for, cr passing laden with, Coals or Cinders, were exempted from the Payment of the said Tolls between the First of March and the 30th of October in each Year, and only subjected to the Payment of One-fourth Part of the Tolls during the rest of the Year.

Mr. fames Hind and Mr. John Boyce laid. That the said Road is greatly damaged by Coal Carriages thatpafs through the fame.

Mr. James Hind further said, That the Trustees have borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls 6,600, at Five per Cent, and that the Produce of the Tolls, upon a Medium of Three Years, is ,6-918. 12. o.

That the Materials proper for repairing the said Road, which is 53 Miles in Extent, are at a great Distance, and cannot be purchased for less than 2 a Cart Load: And that great Part of the Road is ftiil unrepaired, and in very bad Condition, particularly between Northallerton and Darlington t and that it will be impracticable completely to amend and keep in Repair the said Road, unless an additional Duty belaid upon Coal Carriages.

Being asked the Question, he said he was of Opinion,

That about 400 Coal Carriages passed through the said Road for about Twenty Weeks in each Year; and that Three-fourths of such Carriages palfed through alley ton:

And he added. That there b not effectual Provision made in the said Act for the Enforcing of the Performance of Statute-work upon the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from bridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the feme County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for making the same more effectual: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. Lambton, and Mr. Vane, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, 13c. of the Trade to Township of Leeds, in the West-Riding of the County Hudson'*, fit York, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, "7*

9 Y That

American Paper Credit,

818

7" Apr ills

A. 1749,

That the Petitioners apprehend the long Confinement of the Hudsons Bay Trade, in the Hands of an exclusive Company, whole Interest it has been not to do much in it, and who accordingly have never employed more than Two or Three Ships yearly, has been highly prejudicial to the true Interest of this Nation, and a great Hindrance to the Consumption of our Woollen, Iron, and other valuable Manufactures: And therefore praying, That the said Branch of Commerce may be declared free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, as being the only effectual Means of extending and improving it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Peregrine Furye Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Province of South Cain , was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Province of South Carolina has been, forfeveral Years past, under his Majesty's Government, which has been exercised by Governors appointed by his Majesty's immediate Commission, who, in Concurrence with the Council and Assembly, enadl Laws; which Laws, in the ordinary Course of the Legislature, continue in Force till repealed by his Majesty; but, in Cafes of an extraordinary Nature, byexprefsClauses being inserted therein, the Execution of such Laws is suspended until his Majesty's Royal Pleasure be known thereupon: And that under thisConstitution it is conceived, That the said Province have not trans-grefled any Bounds prescribed to them, but have proceeded with a due Regard to the Authority of the Crown: And that the Want of a sufficient Quantity of Gold and Silver in his Majesty's Plantations in , to circulate

in Trade and Commerce, has from Necessity, occasioned an Emillion of Paper Bills of Credit, to answer as a Medium- of Trade: And that such Emissions, in the Province of South Carolina, as they were founded in true Policy,

respecting the Circumstances of the Country, have been, from time to time, made by the Authority of the Legislature there, with the Royal Approbation, for carrying on the annual Services of Government, and for the daily Circulation of Trade amongst the Inhabitants; but that the Bill now depending in the House, to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Ten-

ders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Inllrudlions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations; is made to extend generally to all the British Colonies and Plantations in as well

those under his Majesty's immediate Commission and Government, as under Proprietors and Charters, which must be founded on a suppol'ed Misbehaviour, in all the said Colonies and Plantations alike: And that the Bill adapts One uniform Remedy to the Whole, though each is composed of various Constitutions; in some of which, particularly in the said Province of South ,the Authority of the Crown has always had its due Weight and Influence: And that, under the Appearance of a Regulation onty, the Bill works a total Suppression of all Paper Bills of Credit, of what Denomination soever, without substituting any other Medium of Trade, the Want whereof will necessarily occasion a much greater Confusion in Dealings than ever would proceed from the Excesses of a Paper Currency, and can produce no other Effect in this Province than a total Stagnation of Trade: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioner, That the Paper Currency of South Carolina will not become the Subject of this Bill; and, with respect to such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the enforcing all the Royal Orders and Instructions throughout the British American Colonies and Plantations generally, without restraining them even to the Paper Currencies, which appear to be the primary Object of this Bill, further expressing the Hope of the Petitioner, That a Bill which may so materially affect the Constitution of the British Subjects in Ame, will not be passed into a Law, especially when the Instructions of the Crown are obligatory upon all Governors, whose Commissions are during his Majesty's Will and Pleasure: And therefore, <uid as the Tendency of this . Bill is of the highest Concern and Importance to the Welfare and good Government of the said Province, to its commercial Interest in particular, and to that of all other Countries who have any Intercourse or Connection therewith, praying, in Behalf of the said Province, That the Petitioner may have Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pals into a Law; or that the House will be pleased to grant such further and other Relief to the said Province, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marlow's for veiling the undivided Fifth Part of divers Lands and Estate. Hereditaments in the County of Sussex, the Estate of Ebenezer Marlow and William Mar law his Son, an Infant, in Trustees, in Trull, to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes Hodgkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House and House, an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Window Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1749, to uty‘ satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Coach Duty. House, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages, from -day 1748, to Lady-day 1749.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Herefoid for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, Roads, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, leading into the City of Herejord, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Vane's raising Money upon the settled Estate of William Lord Estate. Viscount Vane, for the Payment of his Debts: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That -the proper Officer do lay before this House and House, an Account of the Amount of the Duties upon ^1,dour Houses, Windows and Lights, from Lady-day 1747, to Lady-day 1749, distinguishing each Year.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the People known Settlement of by the Name of Unit as Fratrum, or United Brethren, to Moravians, settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the People known by the Name of Unit as Fratrum, or United.Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in America.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramfgata

Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, Harbour, the Haven of Sandwich; was read a Second time.

ResolvedJYhzx the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Bethell, Lord Geo. Sackville, Lord Harley, Sir Dering, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Brer cl on, Lord Vere Beauclerk,

Mr. Lyttelton, Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Whichcote,

Sir Pet. Warren, Mr. Nor they, Mr. We, Mr.

Mr. Ellis, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Belchier, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Boone, Mr. Tracy, Mr.

Prowje, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Earl of Egmont, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Fazakerley, and all the Members who serve forihe Sea-port Towns, {he Coast Counties, and all the 3 Merchants

22 Geo. II. 76 d819

Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Af- lately passed there, now lying before his Majesty, for his ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Royal Approbation, the One for appointing Commissioners to state the Publick Accounts, the other for the more Ramsgate A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Burgesses, effectual cancelling the Bills of Credit of that Colony: Harbour.' and Commonalty, of the Borough and Town of Way- And chat, notwithstanding suchCare and Attention on the mouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset, was Part of the said Colony, the Bill now depending in the prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That House, to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, a Bill the Colonies and Plantations in , and to

hath been ordered to be brought in for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of; and for cleansing,

amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich: And that, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty King the Third,

for the Repair of Dover Harbour, it was provided, That all Ships and Vessels belonging to the Ports of and Melcdmbe Regis, and Lyme Regis, having Piers and Cobbs of their own, which, by reason of their Poverty, they were not able to maintain, should be exempted from contributing or paying any thing to the Harbour of Dover, so as they should bring a Certificate, made on Oath, before the Mayor, under the Common Seal of the said Corporations, that the said Ships and Vessels did properly belong thereunto, and that the Inhabitants of the said Corporations were Owners of the majoi Part of the said Vessels: And alleging, That the same Realons for Exemption, with respect to the said Port ot Hay mouth and Melcombe Regis, in a greater Degree, subsist now, and the Piers and Wharfs in the same Port are in a very ruinous Condition: And therefore praying. That all Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Port of Way mouth an'.! tombe Regis may, by a Proviso to be mierted in ti.e laid- Bill, be exempted from the Duties to be imposed therein for the said Harbour of R and Haven of Sandwich; or that such other Relief therein may be granted them as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Palmer have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, for the Recovery of his Health.

Dr. Cony- Ordered, That the Reverend Doctor Conybeare, Dean of

bear* desired Christ-Church, in Oxford, be desired to preach before this

to preach. House

at St. Margaret's Westminster, upon* Tuesday the 25th Day of this Instant April, being the Day appointed by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation for a publicThankf-giving: And that the Lord , Mr. Lyttleton, and

Mr. Sollicitor-General, do acquaint him therewith.

American A Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his PaperCredit. Majesty's Colony of New York, in America, was present-cd to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Colony is under his Majesty's immediate Commission and Government, where the Governor, Council, and Assembly, form Three distinct Branches of the Legislature: And that, under this Constitution, they have, for many Years past, exercised, and do still exercise, their Right of making Laws for the Publick Utility, and good Government, of the said Colony; which Laws are constantly transmitted to England, to be laid before his Majesty, for his Royal Approbation: And that, from the Want of Gold and Silver in the said Colony, sufficient for a Medium of Trade, they have been laid under the Neccfiity of issuing Paper Bills of Credit, to avoid Confusion in their Dealings with each other; and, as the utmost Care has been taken in the Appointment of proper Funds for redeeming the said Bills, and for sinking them duly, according to their respective Periods, the Petitioner does not apprehend that any Complaints are made by the Britishi Merchants trading thither, that such Emission of Paper Credit, thus guarded in that Colony, has been any Discouragement to the Commerce of this Kingdom: And that nothing can more effect ually evince the upright Intentions of the said Colony, with respect to their Paper Currency, and demonstrate the publick Attention for supporting the Honour and Credit of their Government, than Two Acts Vol. 25.

prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations; extends generally to all his Majesty's Colonies, and thereby brings the said Colony of New York under the Censure of a Behaviour that the Petitioner hopes they will not be found to deserve: And that a total Suppression Suppression of Paper Credit, in the Manner aimed at by the said Bill, will lay his Majesty's faithful Subjects in the said Colony under great Inconvenlencics, and prove a heavy Discouragement to them in carrying on their Commerce: And that those Parts of the said Bill, calculated for enforcingtlie Execution of all the Royal Orders and Instructions (not confined to the Subject of Paper Currency only) will very materially and moll sensiblyaffed the Constitution of all the Britishi Colonies in America, particularly that of the said Colony of New York: And therefore, as the Bill is, in its N iture and Tendency, of high Concern and Importance to the Welfare of the said Colony, praying, That the Petitioner, in Bdialf of the said Colony, may have Liberty to be heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pals into a Law; or that the said Colony may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the,

Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Qu*nJ the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by powder, keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Pldce to another;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Lawsrefped-whole House, to consider furtherof :he Bill for amending, ing the Go* explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the

Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, e avy‘ Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk reported from the Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Bili; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to (it again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

t^oc ?ie

820

i o° Aprilis. . 1749.

Luna, 1 o° d Aprilis;

Anno 220 Georgii II" Regis, 1749. Prayers.

MR. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stock-ton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through IVinston, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County, and also of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Durham, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

By an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty, several Tolls were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for repairing the said Road; but all Carriages and Cattle going unladen for, or returning laden with. Coals, were exempted from the Payment of the said Tolls between the First of March and Thirtieth of October, and subjected to the Payment of only One-fourth Part of the said Tolls in the other Part of the Year.

Mr. James Hind said. That a great Number of Coal Carriages pass through, and greatly damage, the said Road, the Soil of which is, in many Places, a deep Clay; and that the Materials, properfor amending the said Road, lie at a great Distance, and are purchased at a great Expence: That the Trustees have already borrowed Two thousand and Twenty Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls, and are also indebted Five or Six hundred Pounds for Repairs done; which Sums cannot be paid off, nor the Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Toll upon Coal Carriages be increased, and the said Term be enlarged:

And that the Powers given by the said Act are not sufficient to enforce the Performance of Statute-work upon the said Road.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to , and from

thence, through IVinston, to in the fame

County; and for the effectual amending of the same: And that Mr. Vane, the Lord Vere , and Mr. Bowes,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Parker reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Teynham and Sir Francis Curfon Baronet, for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, deceased, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and for other Purposes therein named; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir John Elwill presented to the House, according to :t Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet near

Petenfield, in the County of Southampton; and also the

Road from Hindhead Heath, where the Chichester Road breaks out of the Portsmouth Road, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhuiji, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hawls-for veiling the settled Estate of Walter Hawksworth worth'* Esquire, in the County of York, in him and his Heirs; E*41'* and for settling the Manor of H, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Southwell, Lord Harley, Sir John Rufhout,

Mr. Edm. Waller junior, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Bowes,

Earl of Egmont, Mr. West, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Frankland, Lord Parker, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Charlton,

Mr. Gore, Mr. Fellows, Mr Colleton, Mr. Ellis, Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Hay, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Har-dinge, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Monckton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Lancaster, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Tradersand Inhabitants of the Town Tride to of Manchester, in the county of ; and also, Hudfoo'*

A Petition of the Subscribers, principal Traders, and Bl)r' Inhabitants, of the Town of Nottingham-, and also,

A Petition of the principal Merchants and Traders in the Town of Birmingham -, and also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Derby;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining. That the Commerce carried on to Hudsons Bay has been long confined in the Hands of a few Persons, to the great Detriment of the Trade

and Navigation in general: And praying. That the said Commerce may be made free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants and other Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpoole, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend all Monopolies or exclusive Companies in Trade, are greatly prejudicial to the true interest of any trading Nation, and have always been found a Bar to the Improvement and Extension of those Branches of Commerce, which have been so confined; and that, in particular, the Petitioners are fully persuaded, that the long Continuance of the Hudson's Bay Trade in the Hands of a Company, whose interest has plainly been to do little in it, and who accordingly have put in Motion only Two or Three Ships yearly to such a vast Tract of Country, must necessarily appear to have been a Detriment to the British Trade in general, a considerable Hindrance to the Consumption of our Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures, and has given the French, our worst Rivals, a fair Opportunity of extending their Trade, from the Canada Side, into a large Compass of that Continent, and even close up to the Company's Settlements, the Benefit of which would otherwise have been the Property of the British Subjects:

And therefore (as the Petitioners presume that the Company's Charter cannot legally support their pretended exclusive Right to the foie Exercise of it) praying. That this Branch of Commerce, now under the Consideration of the House, may be declared free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects; whereby the Rival Projections of a Number of different Adventurers will beetnployed to extend and enlarge it, our Manufacturers will be served, and the most effectual Means furnished for finding out a Passage, this Way, into the South Seas -, the Importance of whichDiscovery sufficiently appears from the Sense of the Legislature of Great Britain, fully expressed in the Large-ness of the Reward they have thought fit to offer for it.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Ordered,

22 Geo. II. io* — i:

Lear* of Ordered, That Mr. Great heed have Leave to go into

Abfeocc. the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

61vnn*» The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Kiute. ga|e part fettjecj Estate of Nicholas Glynn

Esquire deceased, for discharging Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Southwark Ordered, That Mr. fVm. Lev. Gower, Mr.

Poad from "Mr, Bapt. Lev. Gower, Mr. Rich. Lev. , Mr.

cw-Oreet. Barbor, Mr. Joliffe, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. be added

to the Committee to whom the Bill for opening and making a new Road from the East End of in

the Parish of Saint John Southwark, along a Street called Saint Saviours Dockhead, in the Parishes of Saint John Southwark and St. Mary Magdalen through

Part of a Street called The roily; and from thence, by a Place called The Half-peny Hatch, in the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of Rotherhith; and from thence to The New Halfway House, in the same Parish; and through Upper Rogues

Lane, to the East End thereof; and likewise from the said New Half-way House to the South Corner of Redhottfe Lane, in the Parithcs of St. Paul and Nicholas Deptford', and through the said Lane, and a Street called Grove-street, to the said Lane called Upper Rogues Lane, in the said Parish of Rotherhith; and also from the South Corner of Redhouse Lane aforesaid, to the South End of Butt Lane, in the said Parish of Saint Paul Deptford; and for keeping the said Hoad in Repair for the future i is committed.

0 Aprilts. 821

for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Nicholas Glynn GIv tin's Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances; and for £»bte. other Purposes therein mentionedj was tead the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time*

Sir John Cufi presented to the House, according to Water-Order, a Bill to continue several Laws for preventing Ex- c*rrbse on actions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the ames* River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attoroies and Solicitors; , aftd for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amortgft the Horned Cattle t And the same Was received; and read the First time,

‘r Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to L‘od Tar resolve itself into a Committee Of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Com- 4*/ missioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the Laid Tear, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raked in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow' Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ramsgate Ordered, That Mr. Yorke, Mr. Braffey, Mr. , Harbour. Mr. Richards, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Cha.

Townshend, Lord Dupp/in, Captain Frankland, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Cleveland, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Saville, Mr. Carter, Mr. Sandys, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwichis committed.

Cottoa's An ingrossed Bill firom the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling Part of the settled Estate of Nathanael Cotton, Doctor in Physick, lying in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Roft A Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the Roads. Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Harley, Mr. Saville, Mr. CornewallMr. Newland, Mr. Prowse, Sir Tho. Eger ton. Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Barne, Sir Edw. Deering, Mr. Popham, Mr. IVode house, Mr. G wynne, Mr. White, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mellish, Sir Walt. Wag. Bagott, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Norb. Berkeley, Sir John Lord Geo. Beauclerk, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Gray, Mr. Morgan, Mr. , Sir Robert de Cornewall, Mr. , Mr.

Earl of Egmont, Mr. Sydenhamand all the Members

who serve for the Counties of Hereford, Monmouth, Salop, and Gloucester, and for South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Voi. 45.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to African resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, to consider of the State of the Trade to be now

read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the La*st*. whole House, to consider further of the Bill for amending, speciing the explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Government Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, 0 1 e"avT-Vessels, and Forces by Sea. x

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which' they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,u° die;

Anno 22* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749*

P R a y e u s.

T^H E Lord Dupplin reported frorti the Committee, Aurlo^ to whom the ingrossed Bill lrom the Lords, inti- Nw.' tuled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol, wits committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and

9 Z that

822

it" Applisi 'A. 1749.

that the Committee h^d, directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Vyvyan't Sir John Molesworthreported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the making of Leases and Setts of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyvyan Baronet, an Infant, in the Counties of Cortnvall and during his Mi-

nority, was committed; That the Committee hqd exa>-mined the Allegations of the Bill, and Found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had givep their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee^ and that the Committee had directed him to report ,t^xc Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Trade to A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen. and other Inha-HudEms bitants, of the Borough ( of Appulby, in the County of y' Westmoreland; and also,

A Petition of the Inliabjtantstdf the :B6rough of t//-thero, in the County of Lancaster; and also;:

A>Petitk>n of the Inhabitants of Rippon; and also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of ton, in tin: County of Lancaster;

Were severally presented to the House.and read; com* plaining, That the Commerce, carried on to Hudson's Ray h^s been long confined in the Hands of a few Persons, to the greaVDetriment of the Briti/k Trade and Navigation in general: And pray ing, That the said Commerce maybe made free and open to all his Majesty'i Subjects.

And the said Petitions were federally ordered to lie upon the Table. sa ..kv

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants Of as presented

to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Hudson's Bay Company have, for many Years past, monopolized the Trade to Hu Bay, and the Countries adjacent, under Pretence of a boundlcfs and uncon-troulable Charter, and foie Right of the Trade of all the Seas, in whatever Latitude, within the Entrance of Hudson's Strahs, and of all lands on the Confines thereof, with the whole and inrjrfc Liberty of Trade and Traffick there, in Exclusion of 'all'other his Majesty's Subjects, without the Company's LipeAce: And alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend','ihat any Encouragement from, the Crown to the Company was originally meant to favour and afljft the effectual rcojecution of Attempts to discover a new Passage into the South , and to find a Trade for Furs, Minerals and other Commodities; and to settle, and improve the Country; whereas the Company have never made any real Attemp't to discover such new Passage; nor have prosecuted the Fur'Trade further than to answer their own private Ends, though capable of being carried to the greatest Extent; and have neglected the rich Minerals of which this Country is productive in the greatest Degree; and have not opened a Trade in any other Commodities, but suffered the Trade of so considerable a Part of the World to languish in so narrow a Channel, as only to employ some Years Two, other Years Four, Ships with Cargoes of incon-flderable Value; and, though Matters of so great a'Tract of Land, have made very few Settlements thereon, and those supplied, from time to time, by a small Number of hired Servants sent over from England; and that the Trade of this Country is capable of being greatly extended; and that great Quantities of rich Copper and Lead Ore may easily be obtained, and Whalebone and Oil had in great Plenty, to a considerable Increal'e of our Navigation, and great additional Exportation of the briti/k Manufactures; and that the extending of the Trade into the Country will be the most effectual Means to attain the wished-for Discovery of the Western Passage: And therefore, as it has been found from so many Years Experience, that every Benefit and Advantage that might have been naturally and justly expected to arile 22

to the Publick from such an Indulgence of the Company, exclusive of all other Subjects, has been totally overlouked and neglected; and a rich and far-extended Country, abounding with the Means of a profitable Trade, so far loft to this Kingdom, so that the Exertion of this Right pretended by the Company seems only to have been, to conceal the very being of this valuable Country, and its Advantages, from the rest of the World; and as the Petitioners apprehend, that were the Trade laid open to this Country, witha full Liberty to all his Majesty's British Subjects to settle there, the greatest

and most extensive Benefits would be derived to this Nation from such a Latitude; praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and that they will make such Order and Provision therein as to the House

shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the' said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Art ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lc for confirming and establishing' an Agreement between Teyt Henry Lord Teynham, and Sir Frances Baronet, for &C-1

a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, deceased? and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Parker do- carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment. '

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Vane's for railing Money upon the settled Estate of William Estate. Lord Viscount Vane, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

‘Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Or- Borougk-

der, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted bridge to by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Roadleading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through

Northallerton, in the same County, to on

the River Fees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for making the same more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

The Lord Vere Beauclerk, according to Order, reported Laws respect-

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the of

Bill for explaining, amending, and reducing into One Act the Navy, of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, was committed, the Amendments which the Committe had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be luffi-cient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Persons, whose Names are there- Prewnting unto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Town of New Brentford, and of the Villages thereunto adjoining, powder, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town and Villages, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House,

That in Old Brentford, and ciofe adjoining to the Town of New Brentford, which is a populous Market Town, and the County Town of , there is

a Warehouse, or Building, wherein arc frequently kept Two hundred Barrels of Gunpowder, and sometimes a much larger Quantity, and which Building is within

22 GpO. II.

11

Aprilis.

823

Sixty Yards of the great Weflcrn Road; and that the said Building is Very flight, and not at all secured against she Danger of Fire, to which its Situation renders it very liable, the fa‘fne being very near to Dwelling-houses, and there beingalfo very near it a common Baker's Oven in COpftantUte; and that, on a Survey taken of these Buildings, and by a Calculation made by an experienced Person, it appears. That in case the said Warehouse should happen to be set on Fire, and there should be Two hundred Barrels of Gunpowder therein^ the Explosion would Extend above a Mile and an Half, and that consequently the whole Towns of New and Old Brent ford, and all other

Buildings within that Compass, would be destroyed; and that if so fatal an Accident should happen at a time when Four hundred Barrels of;Gunpowder are in the said Ware-house (which is sometimes the Cafe) the dreadful Effects would extend to the Di fiance of Six Miles: And therefore praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any one Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder from one Place to another, may pass into a Law, that the Petitioners may be/ecure from such imminent Danger, which would affect their Lives and Properties; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premites as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Comhiittee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is cotnmitted.

Rvnfgtte Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Harbour, enlarging and maintaining the Harbour Of; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich, is committed; have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records,

St. Leo- Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according

»ard'» Shore- to Order, a Bill for the better repairing the Highways, ditch Streets. ancj cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read 4he First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lockwood's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for veiling the inheritance of the real Estate late of John Lockwood, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of the Incumbrances charged upon the same by virtue of, and under, his Will, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That* Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment-

Woollen Stc. Mr. Horatio Walpole senior reported from the Com-Maaufadures mittee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen , intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abul'es and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fuflian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manu-fastures of Silk; and also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures, was re-committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several other Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Vot. 25.

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Or- Supply Bill; der, a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Sinking Money out of the Sinking Fund, to pay a certain An- Fun<* nuity upon the principal Sums therein to be mentioned, in Discharge of Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports; and to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Levinz't for discharging the Estate of William Levtnz Esquire, in Estate. -Bilby, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the County of Nottingham, from a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds, given by Sir Crejfwell Levinz, Knight, for charitable Uses, and for Charging the same on his Estate-at Grove, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornhagh do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Mr. Bowes presented to the House, according to Or* Stockton der, a Bill for enlarging th ' Term and Powers granted by "P°"Te* an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his Ro* present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon fees to Darlington, and from thence, through Winsion, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County; and for the eff.ftually amending of the fame:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to Limiting resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for limiting respective Times beyond which no Non-commission Officer or Soldier now, or who may hereafter be such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be compelled to continue in the said Service, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second p^raeIlc*"-Reading of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of r ,u Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations; be now read: ,

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon 9 ‘hurfdaynext, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Office of resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Coroner, consider further of the Bill for the better ordering of the Office of Coroner, be now read:

7 . A

And the said Order being read accordingly; ,

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'Thursday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House African to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Comjway. consider of the State of the Trade to Africa:

Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal African Company of England be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Creditors of

the

1

Land Tax

A mean.

T rade to Hudfou's Bay.

824 ii° —

the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of several Merchants of London, American Planters, and others, interested in, or trading to, Africa, and the Briti/k Colonies and Plantations in America, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of under their Common Seal, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Merchants, and others, interested in the Trade to , from the Port of Liverpoole, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee, That they had made same Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 120 die;

Anno 22° Georgii IId! Regis, 1749. Prayers.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants of in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; complaining, That the Commerce carried on to Hudson's Bay has been long confined in the Hands of a few Persons, to the great Detriment of the Brit if 1 Trade and Navigation in general: And praying, That the said Commerce may be rendered free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed, That (ome of the Commissioners for Taxes attended at the Door;

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

2° Aprilis. A, 1749.

V

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year; and what Proceeding* have been had to compel the Payment thereof: And also.

An Account of what Arrears of Duties upon Houses HouseDuHn were (landing out at Christmas last, with the Names of Arrcarj. the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remained, distinguishing each Year; and what Proceed-, ings have leen had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are. bound up with the <pthec Papers of this Session. . .:

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

' '

The House being informed, That Mr. Uoyd, Deputy Half-pay Secretary at War, attended at the Door; . Officers, ic.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the.

House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

A Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty£s Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1749; and an Estimate of the Charge for the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horle,

Lately reduced, for the Year 1749.

He also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty s Land Forces and Marines who died on the Establiftimerit of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of December 1716 ;. with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1749.

He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate of tljc Charge of General and Staff Officers for the Year 1749.

He also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, Estimate of the Charge of the Off-reckonings belonging to the late Third and Fourth Troops of Horse-Guards reduced, and Allowances to private Gentlemen of the said Troops on their retiring from the Service.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Lifts and Estimates were read.

The said Lifts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The laid Estimates arc as follow; viz. ",

ESTIMATE of the Charge of General and Staff Officers for the Year 1749.

For 365 Days.

General and Staff Officers

£ ' d-16,000 o 6

War-Office, t2th April 1749.

By Direction of the Right Honourable Henry Fox, his Majesty's Secretary at War.

v E Lloyd, Deputy.

ESTIMATE,

% i Geo. II

i a* Aprilis.

825

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Off-reckonings belonging to the late Tljird and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and Allowance to private Gentlemen of the said Troops on their retiring from the Service.

Off-reckonings remaining due on the Assignment of Cloathing for the late Third Troop of Hbrfe Guards - - - -- - Ditto on the Assignment for the late Fourth Troop of Horse Guards - £. s. d. 3»3J9 19 6 3*3*3 »7 2 r

Towards which there has been voted by Parliament, in the Efti- s. d, mate for the Year 1747 - - - 356 3 — Ditto in the Estimate for the Year 1748 - 358 3 — 6,633 16 8 714 6 — £. s. d.

Remains to be provided by Parliament - - - - 5,919 10 8

Allowances to the following private Gentlemen late belonging to the Third and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards, on their retiring from the Service, at £. 40 each: Third Troop , v k Adrian Van/malen - 40 — — Fourth Troop - Daniel M. Bean - - 40

I 120 —

War-Office, :2th April 1749. By Direction of the Right Honourable Henry Fox, Total - - £. 6,039 10 8

his Majesty's Secretary at War.

Edward , Deputy.

Ordered, That the said Lifts and Estimates do lie upon the Tabic, to be perused by the Members of the House.

- Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to

\ whom the Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed i:i the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from bridge, in the County of York, to , in the fame

County, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Tees, was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants of the North Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Gentlemen, Boroughmen, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of and in the Borough of Northallerton, in the North-Riding of the County oiTork, whole Names are thereunto subscribed; to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, inat the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That, in all Cases where an Oath was required by the Bill, Quakers should be allowed to give their Affirmation:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank, which was filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Nat. An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Kempe, was read a

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, Lord Parker, Sir Charles M Mr. Compton, Lord Harley, Mr. Kynafltn, Sir Tho. Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr. Prowse, Mr. Grey, Mr. Dfiwdefwell, Mr. Hay, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Torke,

Mr. Ashe, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Gore, Mr. Vaughan, Sir John Barrington, Mr. MeUish, Mr. Martin, Mr. Southwell, Mr.

Vox.. 25.

Robinson, Mr. Bathurjt, Mr. Child, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Hoblyn,. Sir John Cu/t: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lord, by Mr. Allen and IV|r.

Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bristol for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh Street^Jcc. and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome; and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of so far as

the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets; and for the regulating Hackney-Coachmen,

Halliers, Draymen, and Carters, and the Markets and Sellers of Hay and Straw, within the said City and Liberties thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Sale of to enable the Bishop of London, or his Successor. % to demise or fell the Capital Messuage or Manfaon-house, called u London-house, for the Benefit of the Bishoprick of London, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Spalding,&c. for divesting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee-simple Manora. of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbeach, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln; and of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and the Buildings thereon, expectant on certain EstatesTail; and for veiling the same in certain other Persons, therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned; without any Amendment; And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Watlington for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Waites Inclosure. within the Manor and Parish of Watlington, in the County of Norfolk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

APetition of the Inhabitants of/^//e^*wrwaspresented Trade to to the House, and read; alleging, That t he Trade to Hudson'»

/on's Bay might be greatly extended, and rendered much more advantageous to the Nation than it is at prdent, by exporting large Quantities of Woollen, Iron, and other British Manufactures, and importing from thence in lte-

10 A turn.

826 iz* Aprilis.A. 1749.

turn. Whalebone, Train-oil, Furs, and other rich and valuable Commodities} and that the principal Obstruction to its being carried on with Vigour, and which has occasioned so large a Share of the Fur Trade in particular to fall to the Lot of other Nations, has arose from hence} that this Branch of Commerce to hath been

restrained within such narrow Limits, and confined to a very few Merchants, under the Pretext of a Royal Charter: And therefore praying, That these Restraints, so highly detrimental to the British Commerce, may be removed, and the Trade to Hudfott's Bay may be laid open and made free to every British Subject, under such -Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Trade to A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and

Hudson'a Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers ' in the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also

presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That the Trade to Hudson's and the adjacent Countries, has, for many Years pad, been monopolized by the Hudson's Bay Company, under the Pretence of an exclusive and unbounded Charter obtained by them , from King Charles the Second, granting them the foie Trade of all the Seas whatsoever within Hudson's , and of all the Lands on the Confines thereof, with the whole Trade there, to the great Restraint of all other his Majesty's Subjects; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the chief Mot ives for granting such exclusive Charter were, the Expectations that the said Company would then undertake the Discovery of a new Passage into the South Seas, and also promote and extend the Trade for Furs, and other Commodities, to the great Benefit of the Commercial. Interest of these Kingdoms} and that it doth not appear to the Petitioners, that the great Ends designed by granting the said Charter were ever effectually prosecutedby the said Company, further than toierve their own private Views, though capable of being pursued and extended to ar.fiver the greatest National Advantages, as well in respect to Trade, and the Discovery of a new Passage, as aforesaid, as to the vast Number of Inhabitants that by this time might have settled there, by whom Dif-coveries would in all Probability have been promoted } and that valuable Branch of Commerce, now enjoyed by our Rivals the French, by means of their Settlements on Canada, in a great measure prevented; from whence the additional Consumption of the Manufactures of Great Britain must naturally have proceeded } a Consequence highly conducive to the Welfare of the Nation; and that in case the House should declare illegal this Monopoly, so long carried on by the said Hudson's Bay Company, and authority be given to all his Majesty's Subjects to trade in Hudson's Bay, and the extensive Countries adjoining, the Trade to those Parts, it is conceived, may be more effectually carried on by private Adventurers than by any Company, as the Expence of Forts feetr.s absolutely unnecessary, from the humane and*peaceable Deportment of the Natives, and their* Disposition to cultivate a good Understanding with the English, who use them well: And therefore, and as it is presumed that the Charter of the Hudson's Bay Company is void, both in respect to the unlimited Grant of the Lands, and the exclusive Trade; and as the great Ends of the Charter have not been pursued, but the Trade intothofe remote Parts discouraged i and as, among other national Advantages which result from laying that Trade open, the so much-wished-for Discovery of a new Passage, by means of the Extension thereof, may soon be effectually found out} praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration, that the Trade to Hudson's Bay may be free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects; and that such Order and Provision may be made therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Lord Pane'* Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom Eftafe. (hc ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of 23

Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of Devon, and in the County of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and also for settling another Estate, in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof; and for securing a Rent-charge to Mary Viscountess Fane, as a Compensation for her Estate for Life in the Premises, in the County of Devon; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found, that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satis-faClion of the Committee j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of the Magistrates and Town-Council of-Sum* extort* the City of Glasgow, being offered to be presented to the ed by Rebel* House; from Guf.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's *0w> Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been informed of the Contents of the said Petition and, as it is a Matter of very great Consequence, that Relief should be given to these People, who have suffered for nothing but their firm Zeal and Loyalty to his Majesty and his Family, had commanded him to acquaint the House, That his Majesty earnestly recommends this Petition to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; felting forth, That the Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow have at all times distinguished themselves for the Pro-teflant Cause, and the true Interest of their Country; and that, in the Year 1688, they shewed the greatest and most early Zeal for the Support of their great Deliverer King William, after having suffered the most grievous Periecutrons under the former Government j and that in the Year 1715, when a Rebellion was raised against his late Majesty, the City of Glasgow levied and maintained, at their own Expence, a Regiment, which marched to Stirling, and joined his Majesty's Army; and that in the Year 1745, when the restless Spirit of the disaffected FaClion again broke out into the late detestable Rebellion, this City, by his Majesty's Authority, raised and subsisted Two Battalions of Six hundred Men each, One of which, by his Majesty's Appointment, was commanded by the Earl of Home, which, within Nine Days, joined his Majesty's Troops at Stirling, where they remained for the Defence of that Pass, till the Rebels returned from England; and that they then marched to Edinburgh, andjoined his Majesty's Army under the Command of General Hawley 1 and fdon after served and suffered in the Action near Falkirk, and had the Honour to receive Thanks in his Majesty's Name for their Behaviour on that Occasion; and that the said City had not only, by all their Actions, supported zealously his Majesty's Government, when, under the Protection of the Laws, they could perform their Duty with Safety, but ventured to shew their Constancy, and inviolable Attachment, to his Majesty, even during the time that the Pretenders Son, with his Rebel Army, was in Possession of, and lived at free Quarters, in the City, the Terrors of which could not draw from the Inhabitants the lead Respect or Regard to that flagitious Assembly of Rebels, or to their Chief; and that this Behaviourof the City rendered them so obnoxious to the Rebels, that they felt the Effects of their Rage in Two heavy Fines which the Pretender imposed on, and forcibly extorted from them, amounting to a Sum of £.9,056 lor. 9 \d.which said Sum the Petitioners being under a Necessity of borrowing, though at the lowed Rate of Interest for which they could procure the fame, they have since likewise been obliged to grant Securities for the further Sum of £. 1,036 8j. 7 as Part of the growing Interest due upon the said Sum; and that the publick Stock of the said City did further pay,

during

22 Geo. II. I a° — 13° Jprilis. 827

during the said Rebellion, for providing the said Two "Battalions with Drums, Colours, and other Necessaries, and for Serjeants, and others who had been in the Army, to indraft them in Discipline, and for many unavoidable Contingencies at forming the said Corps, and for Intelligence, and necessary Expences, during the said Period, a very large Sum: And that the Lois of such considerable Sums, and the great Injury which the City fudained by the Rebels living at free Quarters, therefor Ten Days, and by the total Interruption of their Trade and their several Manufactures, are Burdens and Calamities too heavy for the City to bear, tending to reduce it to Decay and Ruin, and to the Scorn and Derision of the Dif-affected: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and IAcmmrefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Preventing The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Mischiefu resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

fr°UderUa* to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by

er" keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill,

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the African whole House, to consider further of the State of the Trade Company, to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bet hell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 130 dieA;

Anno 22* Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Pra YER8.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Jennings, Deficiencies from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; of House

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Duties, Ice. House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1749, to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at 1749, to

satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon; viz.

To the Aggregate Fund, for Half a Year, due at Lady-day 1749 ——

To satisfy Annuities at £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.4*400,000 transferrable at the Bank of England, for Six Months, ended at Lady-day 1749 -

To the Bank, for Charges of Management, for Half a Year, due at Lady-day 1749-

£ s. d. 45,742 10 34

88,000 — — 1,237 10 —

Towards satisfying whereof there remained in Calli, in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer,

at Lady-day 1749, the following Sums: viz.

C J. d.

Duty on Houses, before Lady-day 1747 ----- -- 7,523 18 7

Additional Duty on Houses, before D* ----- -- 4,447 12 ij

Duty on Houses and Windows, since D* ----- -- 86,921 19 9!

Surplus of the Duiy on Coaches, l£c.since D* - - - - 5,025 13 9

134,980

3;

103,919 4 3

Deficiency at Lady-day 1749

Exchequer, the 13th Day of April 1749.

R‘ Jennings.

£. 31,060 16 —

Trtde to Hudson't

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Searchers, Aflifl-ants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Cutlers in Hallam/hirf, in the County of York, under their common Seal: and also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Tradesmen, and Manufacturers, of the Town and Parish of Halifax, in the County of York; and also,

Vol. 25,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Merchants, and Inhabitants, of the City of CarU/le, whose Hands are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; complaining. That the Commerce carried on to Bay has been long confined in the Hands of a few Persons, to the great Detriment of the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, That the said Commerce may be made free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.

And

<^3

828 13* Apr1749.

And the said Petitions weie severally ordered co lie upon the Table.

Edinburgh Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Ciwrit/ to whom the Petition of the Lord Proyoft, Magistrates, Woik-house. an(j Common-Council, of the City of , for

themselves, and in behalf of the Community, was referred, That they have Power to report their Opinion thereupon to the House. '

Worcester, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the &«. Road*, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts . of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsg, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

Waymonth Mr. Beaghan, reported from the Committee, to whom Harbour, the Bill for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collect-ir.g, certain Duties, commonly called Wharfage Duties, payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset-, and also of Ballad and Harbour Duties payable in rel'pest of Ships and Vesselscominginto and going out of the said Harbour; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wharfs and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments ^hereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and,

upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrafted. "

Woollen &c. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Manuf&c- Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom ur ' the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made

in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectuarpreventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fullian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen emplpyed in the Woollen Manufactures, to journeymen Dyers apd journeymen Hotpreflers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures; was re-committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and (hen a Se-

cond tiipe, one by one; and, upon the Question feyerftly put thereupon, were, with Amendments to feypml of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by thp House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be grafted.

A Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the BriftolKoad*. One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending thp (je-veral Roads leading from the City of; apt) the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; apft for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. South-pell,

Mr. Lyster, Lord Harley, Mr. Kynafto Sir Charles daunt, Mr. Hill, Sir Edw. Dering, Mr. Nor they. Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowse, Sir Cor del , Mr. Affleck,

Mr. Popham, Mr, faz, ackerley, \Jr. Shuttleporth, Mr.

Pytts, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Child, Mr. Afy-gent, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Grey, Mr. , Sir John Pennington, Mr. Fane, E. of Egmont, Sir John Hind Cotton, Lord Burleigh; and all the Members who (ei ve for the City of Bristol, and for the Countips of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

A Petition of Henry Conyngham Esquire, w*$ prefepted 8 to the House, and read; fettipg forth, That the Peti- Harbour, tioner's Ancestors, for more than One hundrecj Years passed, have been Lords of the Manor or Lordship of Minster, otherwise Mynfter Court, in the Isle of in the County of Kent, and, as such, the Petitioner is intitled to all the Royalties, Powers, and JurHBiftians, iu-cident thereunto: That, the said Manor or Lordship being bounded by the Sea towards the Eali, the Petitioner is intitled to the Land and Soil lying within the Flux and Reflux of the Sea, and to all casual Profits happening the refrpm within the said Manor: That there is a Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging ^nd maintaining the Harbour of Ranfgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; in the said Isle of Thanet; by which, if it should pass into a Law, the Petitioner apprehends his Rights, as Lord of the said Manor, will be greatly prejudiced and affected: A fid therefore praying the House to be hearJ, by his Coun&l, upon the said Bill, before it passes into a Law; or that he may have such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall (eem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cop-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill-is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his 1 Counsel, before the Committee, upon his Petition, if Ije thinks'(it.

A Messagfc from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer: —

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Earl of enable' Charles Earl of Peterborough, or the other Heirs £^Jr*ash ' of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Kincarden and Aberdeen, fox Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords defife the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Scotch Mi-to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act children, for railing and establishing a Fund for a Pro^ifion for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Matters, of the Universities of St Andrew's, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, without any Amendment.

And then the' Messengers withdrew*

A Bill

a

JatK'fy

Siting

i'tjd.

DfTTlID

rite}'

22 Geo. II. 13 Ap8id

Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majestya certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, to pay a certain Annuity upon the principal Sums therein to be mentioned, in Discharge of Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports; and to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, from the Committee ' appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery, acquainted the House, That the Committee had agreed upon a further Report; which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth: viz.

In relation to the Whale-fishery, the Committee have examined the following Witnesses:

Mr. Elias Bird, Shipbuilder:

Captain Alexander (lay, who has been in Greenland, and in the Whale-fishery above Forty Years:

V

Mr. Henry Bird, formerly Owner of several Ships then employed in the GreenlandWbale-fishery:

Mr. Rickard Baker, now concerned in Vessels employed in the said Fishery:

John Adamson, Mailer of a Vessel employed in the said Fishery: And,

Mr. John Powell, Owner of Ships trading to North America:

From whose Evidence your Committee have drawn the following State of the Whale-fishery:

That the Whale-fishery to Greenland and Davis's Straits is a very advantageous Branch of Trade: That for the last Three Years the Dutch and Germans made of that Trade alone, at an Average, each Year, £. 277,699; and that they bad in each of the said Years also, at an Average, 216 Ships employed; which mull, according to the usual Management of that Trade, employ above 8,oooo Seamen:

That the Whale-fishery to Greenland and Davis's Straits was originally carried on by the and

was greatly encouraged by Queen Elizabeth, who allowed a Bounty of 20 s. a Ton on all Shipping employed therein; which, comparing the Value of Money then with the present Time, may be deemed equal to 50

By this Encouragement the English not only acquired the Wale-fishery to Greenland, but also to the Straits discovered by Captain Davis, in the said Queen's Reign, the Whales of which Place being esteemed, one with another, worth £. 500 a Fish.

That the chief Reason the English have loll this Trade, is, the Want of Men skilful therein: That in the Civil War of 1641, moll of the Men skilled in the Whale-fishery, being bold, hardy, and dexterous, were taken from that Trade, and employed in the War, and also in the ensuing War against the Dutch; insomuch that, after the Restoration, there were few or no Englishmen that knew how to carry on that Fishery; for that, when the South~Sea Company attempted to regain this Fishery in the Year they were, at a great Charge, forced to hire men from abroad

The Manner of carrying on this Fishery is as follows: Every Vessel hath Six Boats; and ineach Boat must be Three skilful Men, viz. One dexterous in throwing the Harpoon, a Dart which hath a lliarp barbed Iron Head, which is fallened to a Line of a great Length; this they mutt fix in the Whale, and, when fixed, the Fish draws the Boat after it with great Swiftness, and Danger to the Men: when the Fish begins to tire, and the Boat comes near, they kill it with their Lances; to perform which, Vol. 25.

they mull also be bold and dexterous: There must also be One Man thoroughly skilled in managing the Line, and One other /killed in fleering; the leall NegltCl in either of which mull overset the Boat, or break it to Pieces, to the Loss of the Mens Lives, as it is carried on with vast Impetuosity by the Whale into narrow Channels, amongst Fields and Islands of Ice.

In each Ship of 300 Tons, but of 42 Meh, which U the necessary Crew, there must be Eighteen of them Har-pooneers, Steerfmcn, and Line-coilers, which Arts cannot be learned without many Years Practice.

The aforesaid Evidences declared, That it was necessary to have several Years Encouragement, in order tb train a sufficient Number of Harpooneers, Line-coilers, and Steerfmcn; and that at present the Charge Of Wages, the Risque through the Ignorance of our Men, the Difficulty of hiring proper Persons, the Expence of building new Ships, and many other Inconveniencies attending the Attempt of recovering a lollTrade, had not only prevented the Increasing of this Fishery, but rendered it in Dangtf of being entirely loft, their being only at present Two Ships employed therein.

And, among the many Discouragements, they mentioned Two Acts of Parliament, the One of the Sixth of his present Majesty's Reign, which grants a Bounty of 20 s.a Ton on Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery; and the other of the Thirteenth of his laid present Majesty, which grants a further Bounty of ior.; the last of which Acts is already expired, and the other will expire in the Year 1750.

And the Witnesses added. That if a Bounty of 40/. per Ton was allowed for Seven Years of Ships employed in the Whale-fishery, it would encourage the building such a Number of Ships, and the breeding such a Number of Men ikilful in the several Arts before-mentioned; that, at the Expiration of such Bounty, his Majesty's Subjects would be enabled to carry on the said Fishery with any further Encouragement.

And your Committee was informed, That there are now several Merchants, and others, ready to employ con-lid erable Sums of Money in attempting to regain the said Fishery, in case such Encouragement was given.

And your Committee was further informed. That the Whalebone used in the British Manufactures amount yearly toaconsiderable Value; which at present is molily-imported from abroad.

And it likewise appeared to your Committee, That Harpooneers may be had from his Majesty's Dominions in America; which will be of great Service towards retrieving this Fishery: And,

Mr. John Powell, before-mentioned, acquainted your Committee, That, if the aforesaid, Bounty was extended to Ships fitted out from America, there are Numbers of Merchants who will immediately build Ships to be employed in the said Fishery, and get Indian and other Harpooneers; and did not in the leall doubt, but to carry on the said Fishery with£ucccfs: That the Situation of his Majesty's Plantations in North America being nearer to Davis's Straits than that of Holland, will giv.e them si great Advantage over the Dutch.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Cop-sideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day SevcnJ night, relblve itself intoa Committee of the whole House; to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Alderman Bet hell, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the State of the Trade to Africa, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa ought always to remain free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.

10 B

African

Company.

830

i3° — '14°

A. 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa ought never to be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support and Maintenance of any Forts or Settlements there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary to be maintained, as Marks of the Possession of Great Britain in those Parts; and may, under proper Management, be rendered useful to the Traders in general.

'Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to carry on the Trade, in the mod

beneficial Manner to these Kingdoms, all his Majesty's Subjects whatsoever, trading to ,be united in an open Company, without any Joint-Stock or Power to trade as a Corporation, under proper Regulations; and that the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa be put under proper Management and Direction.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, coniradicente.

The other Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Alderman Bet hell, the Lord Dupplin, the Lord Strange, Mr. Mr.

well, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. , Mr. Gildart, Mr. Fa-

zackerly, Mr. fames Shuttleworth, Mr. Mr.

John Gore, and Mr. Nug, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

American The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Paper Credit; Reading of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

Port Horse* The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

See. Jett to 40 refoWe itself into a Committee of the whole House, Hi* upon the Bill to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Polt;

Ordered, That the said Bill be transmitted to a select Committee.

And a Committee was appointed accordingly of Mr. Thornton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Robiufon, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Boone, Mr. Butler, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Lockyer, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Mr. Fane, Sir

John Cujl, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Tracy, Lord Barrington, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Child, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr. Laf-cells , Mr. Sydenham, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Talbot , Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sir Conyers

Mr. Banks, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Laroche, Sir Cha, Astor-daunt, E. of Egmont, Mr. Conyers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 140 die;

Anno 22* Georgii IP' Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

S\RDERED, That it bean Instruction to the Gentlemep weflmiofter who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Fiflmurket. making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for rendering the Laws more effectual to prevent the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Traders, Tnde t® and others, concerned in the WoollenManufactures, in the Hudson* Town of IVakefeld, in the County of York, was presented a^‘ to the House, and read; representing to the House, That t hcHudfons Bay Company have, for many Years passed, monopolized that Trade, under Pretence of a boundlef. Charter from King Charles the Second; but haveprosecuted the same no further than to answer their own private Ends, their Exports not exceeding Two to Four thousand Pounds per Annum, and their Ships not more than Two, and of late Years Four, employed at a Time; though the Trade is capable of being carried to a vast Extent, to the great Benefit of this Kingdom, from the large Quantities of our Woollen, Iron, and other Manufactures, that may be exported thither; and that to attain so great a National Advantage, nothing else is wanting than the Authority of the Legislature to lay the Trade open, and make it free for all his Majesty's Subjects; and, as the Charter of the Company is void, both in respect of their Boundaries, and exclusive Trade; and as the most National Advantages must undoubtedly result from theTrade being made free; Therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to make such Provision therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Lord Deerhurst have Leave to go in- Leave of to the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Petition of the severalPerlons whoseNames are there- Ppft HoHe». unto subscribed, being Deputy Post-masters appointed *ettW by his Majesty's Post-maller General, in behalf of them- Hire‘ selves, and of other the Deputy Post-masters of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read; alleging.

That the Petitioners are apprehensive, that in case the Bill, depending in the House, to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen

Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Poll, should pass into a Law, as it is now drawn, it would not only tend to the great Damage and Lois of the Petitioners, but also to the Prejudice of his Majesty's Revenue: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, that the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be relerred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, before the said Committee.

The House being informed, that Mr. Jenny ns, from D it on the Exchequer, attended at the Door j ILuLs, iso»

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the.

Amount of the Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, from Lady-Din 1747, to Lady-Day 1740, dil-tinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

22 Geo. II.

140 Apr

831

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, from , 1747, to

Lady-day 1749;

£ s- d.

From Lady-day 1747, to Lady-day 1748 - 35,5a5 ——

From Lady-day 1748, to Lady-day 1749 ..... 149,686 2 8

Exchequer the 14th Day of April 1749. ft' Jennings.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

fempe's Mr. Lyfler reported from the Committee, to whom Nat the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempe, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Whiutefey Mr. Yorke reported from the Committtee, to whom the

Drainage. Bill for the moreefflftual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Linds in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the IJleofEl, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Fifteen Persons, who, though they had not signed the Bill, had declared they consented thereto, and whose several Properties in the said Lands amounted, in the Whole, to Two hundred and Forty-one Acres; and except Nine other Persons, the Places of whose Abode could not be found, and who are possessed, in the Whole,- of One hundred and Sixty-eight Acres; and except the Heirs of Daniel Eaton, who, being applied to for their Consent, gave DO Answer, and whose Property in the said Lands amount to Fifteen Acres; and except Francis , who, being

applied to, refilled to give his Consent to the Bill, and whose Property in the said Lands amounts to Nine Acres; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and ma le several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question several I y put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Glynn'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for State. gale of Part of the let t led Eilat e of Nicholas Glynn Esquire,

deceat'ed, for discharging Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Laroche. Sir John Mr, Mellish, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Cha.Gore, Mr. Chester, Sir Cha. Key. Tynte,

Sir Charles Sed/ey, Mr. Palmer, Sir Robert Sir

John Cud, bir Cha. MMr. Child, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Compton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

ProzvJ'e, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Colonel Leighton,

Mr. iVinningtcn, Mr Colleton, Lord Gage, Mr. Yorke, Mr. JVi'les, Mr. Gulfion, Mr. 'Turner, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Banks Hodgkirjon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Tracy, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Mefl'age from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vol. 25.

£ 185,211 2 8

felling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, Woods, Lands, Williams' and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Sir John Estate-Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Dillon'* Sale of several Estates in the Counties of and Rof-

common, in the Kingdom of Ireland, belonging to Henry late Lord Viscount Dillon, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Dltt0* for Sale of several Estates in the Counties of Mayo and Rojcommon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, belonging to late Lord Viscount Dillon, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, and Commonalty Ramsgate of the Town and Port of Dover, in the County of Kent, Harbour, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, it is provided and enacted,

That all Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Ramsgate, in the Isle of Thanet and County of , having a Pier of their own, which, by reason of their Poverty, they are not able to maintain, shall be exempted from contributing and paying any thing towards Dover Harbour aforesaid; and that as all Ships and Vessels belonging to the Port of Ramsgate, have, ever since the Palling of the said Act, enjoyed the Benefit of the Exemption therein contained, it is equally reasonable, that Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Town and Port of Dover should likewise be free from the Payment of the Duties to be imposed by the Bill, depending in the House, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich: And therefore praying. That a Clause may be inserted, in the said Bill, whereby such Ships and Vessels may be exempted from the said Duties; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Macclesfield, in the Trade to County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Hudson'u praying. That the Commerce carried on to Hudson's Bay may be rendered free and open; which the Petitioners are persuaded will greatly contribute to the Consumption ot our Iron, Woollen, and other Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for making an authentick Roll of Va- Argyll lation in the Shire of Argyll, was read the Third time. County Roll

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And tfeat the Title Valuation, be, An Act for making an authentick Roll of Valuation' for the Shire of Argyll.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Campbell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill

Kingston upon Thames Road.

Ditto.

Bounty on Linens exported.

Ditto.

Linens stamped in Scotiafld.

83a 14° A 1749.

A fcill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near in the County of Southampton', and also the Road from Hindhead Heath, where the Chichester Road breaks out of the Portsmouth Road, through Femhurst Lane and httrjl, to the City of Chichester, in the County of was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Elweil, Mr. Colleton, Mr . HardinMr. Fane, General Onslow, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Edwin, Mr. , Mr. Compton, Mr.

Barbor, Sir Tho. Mo/lyn, Mr. fVilkinson, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. West, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. , Mr.

Brereton, Mr. Revell, Mr. Alston, Mr. Turner, Mr. Mr. Aijlah'te, Mr. Bacon \and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Suffer, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That so much of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalfof themselves, and others, living near to, and usually travelling through, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of and also the

Petition of the several Noblemen, Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Persons, living near, and frequently travelling, the Road leading from Hindhead Heath, where the Chichester Road breaks out of the Road, through

Fernhur/l Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex, whose Names are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders living in and near the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry; were severally referred; as relates to the Petition of several Gentlemen and Freeholders living in and near tire Town of Kingston upon Thames. in the County of Surry; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for repairing the Road from the East End of the Lane called Maningate Lane, through the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported, from Lady-day 1743^0 1748, inclusive, upon which the Bounties given by Two several Acts, of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, of his present Majesty's Reign, have been paid; distinguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what Part thereof is British, and what Ir'tjh.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported, from Lady-day 1743, to Christmas 1748, inclusive, upon which the Bounties given by Two several Acts, of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, of his present Majesty's Reign, have been paid; distinguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what Part thereof

is British, and what Irish.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linens called East Country

Narrow, Germany Narrow, O, and Russia Narrow,

which have been re-exported to the Plantations in simerica, from Christmas 1737, to 1748; distin-

guishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Trustees for improving the Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland do *7

lay before this HOufe, an Account of all the Linen Cloth stamped in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1738, to Lady-day 1748, inclusive* distinguishing the Qantities and Value annually, and also distinguishing what Part thereof is of the Value of lid. and under.

Ordered, That the proper Officers do lay before this Linen House, an Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts imported, of foreign Linen called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenhrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have' been imported into Great Britain, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That it be an I nft ruction to the Committee, Ramfgste to whom the Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Har-bour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and pre-

ferring, the Haven of Sandwich; is committed; That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of Henry Esquire.

ReJAved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Manning tht night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ' ^ieet* to consider of Methods for the better Manning of his Majesty's Fleet for the future, without Prejudice to the Trade of this Nation.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Wm resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Meant, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Eftitnate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1749; and an Estimate of the Charge for the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year 1749; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died on the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th of 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1749; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Offreckonings belonging to the late Third and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards reduced, and Allowances to private Gentlemen of the said Troops, on their retiring from the Service; be referred to the said Committee. 4

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency of the Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1749, to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Commissioners for building a Bridge at Westminster, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House win please tp receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr.

22 Geo. II. 140 — 17° Aprilis.

835

Mr. Fane, also acquainted the House, That he was di-

rected by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunts, 17° die Aprilis j

Anno 22° Georgii II. Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

Ramfgat* a PETITION of the Mayor and Burgesses of the ar our. Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset, was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners finding, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is brought in for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate: and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; and that by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, it was provided. That all Ships and Vessels belonging to the Ports of Waymouth and combe Regis and Lyme Regis, having Piers and Cobbs of their own, which, by Reason of their Poverty, they were not able to maintain, should be exempted from contributing or paying any thing to the Harbour of Dover, so as they should bring a Certificate, made on Oath before the Mayor, under the Common Seal of the said Corporations, that the said Ships and Vessels did properly belong thereunto, and that the Inhabitants of the said Corporations were Owners of the major Part of the said Vessels; and that the same Realbns for Exemption, with respect to the Port of Lyme Regis, in a greater Degree subsist now, as the Cobb and Seavworks of the Port and Town of Lyme Regis are now in a very ruinous Condition: And therefore praying. That all Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Port of Lyme Regis may, by a Proviso to be inserted in the said Bill, be exempted from the Duties to be imposed therein for the said Harbour of Ramsgate and Haven of Sandwich; or that such other Relief therein may be granted the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Weymouth An ingrossed Bill for the better ascertaining, recover-

Harbour, ing, and collecting, certain Duties, commonly called Wharfage Duties, payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also of . Ballast and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill:

Press 13. L. 39. Leave out " Foot," and insert " One " hundred Feet

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties, commonly called Petty Customs or Wharfage, payable upon the Injportation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Mel-Vot. 25.

combe Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also of Ballast and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going put of the said Harbour and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wham, and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Beaghan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Powers granted by Borough-an Act, passed in the 16th Year of the Reign of his pre- bridge tc> sent Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, n in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Tees, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Tees.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Trade ta Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the Hudson'a House, and read; complaining, That the Commerce ‘ carried on to Hudsons Bay has been long confined in the Hands of a few Persons, to the great Obstruction of the Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying. That the said Commerce may be made free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Borough-an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his bridge to present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham-, and for making the same more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes,

Sir John Ramsden, Mr. Bathurf, Sir Conyers D'arcy, Mr.

Crewe, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gore, Mr. . Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Cornewall, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Knight ley, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mr. Colleton,

Lord Parker, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Allgood,

Mr. Shuttleworth, Sit Miles Stapylton, Colonel Stanwix,

Mr. Northey -, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, Northumberland, Cumberland, and Westmoreland, and for North Britain: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to enable Charles Earl of Peterborow, or the other Heirs j?j^treboro" of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Kincarden and Aberdeen, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and other Purposes therein mentioned j was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir John Turner presented to the House, according to \ 9uze.

Order, a Bill for preserving and improving the Naviga- *Navlgauon‘ tion of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord'Fane's for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate ^ate* of Charles Lord Viscount Fane, in the County of Devon,

10 C and

170 Aprilis.

A. 1749.

and in the County of in the Kingdom of

' land, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and also for settling another Estate in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof; and for securing a Rent-charge to Mary Vif-countess Fane, as a Compensation, for her Estate for Life in the Premises, in the County of Devon j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Kempe'sNat. An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempe, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Middleton'* Mr. Charles Erskine reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Sale of a Messuage, and certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of Mary Middleton Widow, and others; and for veiling the Money, arising the reby, in Trustees for the same Uses to which the said Estate now llands settled; was committed; That the Committee had examinedthe Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Lord Fane's An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for railing Money upon the settled Estate of William Lord Vifcuunt Vane, for the Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bowes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Vane, Mr. Mr. Archer, Mr. Joliffe,

Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lyjler,

Mr. Bacon, Lord Luxborough Mr. Bathurst, Mr. , Lord H. Beauclerk, Mr. Metcalfe, Lord Geo.

Mr. Monckton, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Mottfon, Lord Vere Bertie, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Boverie, Mr. Neale, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Newnham, General Campbell, Mr. Northey, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Ockenden, Mr. Comyns, Sir Danvers

Osborne, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Crew, Mr. James Pelham, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Powlelt, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Richards, Mr. Edgecumbe, Mr. Sloper, Earl of Egmont, Sir Hugh Smilhfon, Sir John Sir MilesStapylton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Thornton, Lord

Gage, Mr. Thornbagh, Mr. Lord Trent ham,

Mr. Gore, Sir John Turner, Mr. Gwynn, Mr» Vaughan, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Williams, Lord Harley, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Henley, Sir Tenge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to Lis Majesty, the Refblutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One million, be granted to his Majesty, towards discharging Seamens Wages, and other Payments due on the IXbt of the Navy, on the 31st Day of December last, not already provided for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-one thousand and Sixty Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Half-neny, be

granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Lady-day 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings, and Four Pence be granted to his Majesty upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Two hundred Eighty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Thirty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, out of the Monies or Savings arising from the Money granted by Parliament for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers who have been killed or died in the Service, for defraying the Charge of the Offreckonings belonging to thelateThird and FourthTroops of Horse Guards reduced, and Allowances to private Gentlemen of the said Troops, on their retiring from the Service, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinon of this Committee. That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Eight hundred Sixty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Seven Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, for paying of Pensions to the Widows of l'uch reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines as died upon the Establishment of Half pay in Great and who were

married to them before the 25th Day of December 1716, for the Year 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twelve thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the lliver Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Surry, to finifn the said Bridge, and to perform the other Trusts reposed in them.

The First and Second Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, That a Sum not exceeding Sixteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1749, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made.and the Question being put.That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Ye«,{ JJj; } 93-

Tellers for the Noes, j . J r 71.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, That a. Sum, not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Two hundred Twenty-six Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1749, being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, That the said Resolution be re committed;

The House was moved. That Part of the Estimate of the Charge of Half-pay to the Officers of the Land Forces already disbanded, according to the Returns made by the Commissary-General of the Musters, and the Colonels and Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments,

aa Geo. II.

170 — 18° Aprilis.

merits, for One Year, from the 25th of December 1712, inclusive; and of other Officers to be disbanded, for 184 Days, from the 24th of June to the 24th of December 1713; contained in the Journal of the House day the 10th Day of June 1713; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

And the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.fM1'

I Mr. Boone

Tellers for tk.No*! m".

7°.

*47-

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was agreed to by the House. The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Half^r Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Officers. Majesty's Land Forces and Marines inti tied to receive Half-pay in Great Brita, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1749; and an Estimate of the Charge for the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year 1749; be printed.

Boroughbridge to Durham Road.

Preventing Mischiefs from Gun* powder.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Supply.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund*

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Borough-men, Traders, Manufacturers, and Inhabitants, of and in the Town and Borough of in the North-Riding

in the County of York, be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Sort halier ton, in the same County, to Croftbridge on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham j and for making the same more effectual; is committed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, to pay a certain Annuity upon the Principal Sums therein to be mentioned, in Dise charge of Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports and to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The postponed Order being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, to pay a certain Annuity upon the Principal Sums therein to be mentioned, in Discharge of Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports; and to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance.

Vol. £5.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. - Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mari is y 18° die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. Paul and St. Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read setting forth. That in the Bill, depending in the House, for opening and making a new Road from the Halt End of New-Street, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, along a Street called Saint Saviour's Dockhead, in the Parishes of Saint John in Southwark and St. Mary Magdalen mondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of hith; and from thence to The new Half-way House in the same Parish; and through Upper Rogues Lane to the East End thereof; and likewise from the said New Half-way House to the South Corner of Redhouse Lane, in the Parishes of St. Paul and St. Nicholas j and through

the said Lane, and a Street called Grove street, to the said Lane called Upper Rogues Lane, in the said Parish of Rotherhith; and also from the South Corner of Old Redhouse Lane aforesaid, to the South End of Butt Lane, iti the said Parish of Saint Paul Deptford-, and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; a Clause is contained, which directs, That certain annual Sums shall be paid for and in lieu of the Statute-work to be performed by the Inhabitants of the said Parishes upon the said Roads; but that the Method prescribed by the said Bill, for raising the said Sums, will be very inconvenient, and, as the Petitioners apprehend, ineffectual} and that the Streets within the said Parishes are in several Places in very bad Repair, and, by the Laws in being, the Inhabitants are not able to amend and keep the same free from Annoyances: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for raising the said Composition-monies, and also such Sums as shall be found necessary to expend in repairing and cleansing the said Streets, by a Pound Rate on the Occupiers ot all Lands, Messuages, and Tenements, within the said respective Parishes; or that such other Provision may be made as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Turner, Mr. Barbor, General Onslow, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Belchier, Mr. P/umptre, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Lewis, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Powney, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Hume, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Allgoodand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Kent, Surry, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Sir John fVilliams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned} and for laying out the Money, arising by

Southwark Road from New-Street*

William*

Estate,

Vjnry'aa'*

Estates.

Southwark Small Debts.

Wollenr &c. Manufactures.

836 18 ' Aprilis.1749.

such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Making of Leases and Setts of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyvyan, Baronet, an I nfant, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, during his Minority, was read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bilido pass.

Ordered, That Sir John Molesworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

Mr. Relchier, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery offmall Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St Mary At Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the

feme, was re-committed, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron, Manufactures of this Kingdom; and for extending the said Act to the Manufactures of Leather; and to extend the same to the Manufactures of Silk; and also to extend a Clause in an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for preventing unlawful Combinations of Workmen employed in the Woollen Manufactures, to Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot preflers, and all other Persons employed in the said Woollen Manufactures; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prese 6. Line 38. After " of," insert " Fur

L. last. After " Wool," insert " Fur:"

P. 7. L. 22. After " Leather," insert " Fur:"

L. 24. After " Wool," insert " Fur:"

P. 8. L. 18. After " City," insert " Liberty P. 9. L. 15. After " Leather," insert " Fur:"

L. 20. After " Wool," insert " Fur:"

P. 17. L. 16. After " City," insert " Liberty:"

L. 23. Before "Town," insert " Liberty :"

L 27. After " City," insert "Liberty:"

L. 36. After " Workers," insert " in the " Manufacture of Felts or Hats, and :"

L 37. Leave out " Yarn," and insert " Fur:" L. 39. After " Wool," insert " Fur:"

L. 40. Leave out " Yarn :"

P. 18. L. 22. After " County," insert " Riding, M Division ;" and after " City," insert " Liberty, Town

P. 24. L. 26. After " Mohair," insert " Fur:"

L. 27. After " Leather," insert " or any " Manufactures made up of Wool, f ur. Hemp, Flax, " Cotton, Mohair, or Silk, or of any of the said Ma- terials mixed one with another:"

P. 25. L. 5. After " Mohair," insert " Fur:"

L. 18. Leave out *as aforesaid," and insert " or concerned

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Wroollen, Linen, Fustian Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and> Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole senior do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Colonel Mordaunt, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Heath, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Sandys, Sir Cha. Key. Tynte, Mr. Bond, Mr. Churchill, Mr Evelyn, Mr. Harris, Lord Mr. Lloyd, Sir

Hugh Smithson, be added to the Committee, to whom the

Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near in the County of Southampton; and also the Road from Hind-head Heath, where the Chichester Road breaks out of the Portsmouth Road, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; is committed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, to pay a certain Annuity upon the Principal Sums therein to be mentioned, in Discharge of BilispayableinCourse of the Navyand Victualling Offices, and for Transports; and to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance; wascommitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerks Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon IheQuestion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cust, Mr. Morton, Mr. Bathurst, Sir Edw. , Mr.

Powney, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Whichcott, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Charles -ley Mr. Smith, Mr. Turner, Mr. Mr. Heath,

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prozvfe, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fazackerley, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Cornervall, Mr. Lyster, Sir John Molesworth, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr.

Fellows, Lord Strange, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Edw. Montagu, Mr. Bejl, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Ramsden, Sir PeterThompjon, Mr. Lyttleton, Lord Barrington, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Math. Robinson, Mr. Tho. Gore; And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber; and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And all that come to the said Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition

Kinefton

uponTliames

Road.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Water Carriage on the Thames.

Trade to Hudson's Bay.

Ravnfgate

Harbour.

Call of the House.

Statutes of Hue and Cry.

Land Tax Com miff oners' Names, &c.

Laws respect tag the Go* vernment of the Navy.

2i Geo. II. 18° — 190 Aprilis. 837

A Petition of the principal Tradesmenand Inhabitants of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Commerce carried on to Hvd/on's Bay may be rendered open and free to all his Majesty's Subjects, as the same mull greatly tend to the Good of the Publick, and increase the Consumption of the Woollen, Iron, and several other of our Manufactures, and promote the Navigation of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Bill having been brought into the House, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of; and for clean!-

ing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; the Petitioners represent to the House, That, by a Clause in an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour, all Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Town of Great Yarmouth, were freed and exempted from the Duties, payable by the said Act, in regard the Inhabitants of the said Town were at a very great and conllant Charge for repairing, maintaining, and cleansing, the Haven and Piers belonging the reto: And that the Inhabitants of the said Burgh, Hill continuing to be at agreat and conllant Charge in repairing, maintaining, and cleansing, the said Haven and Piers of Yarmouth, there is as good Reason for exempting Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Town of Yarmouth from the Payment of any Duties at Ramsgate, as there was for the Exemption in the before-mentioned Act, with relation to Dover Harbour: And therefore praying, That all Ships and Vessels belonging to the said Town of Great Yarmouth, may be exempted from the

Payment of the Duties, to be imposed in the said Bill, for the said Harbour of Ramsgate and Haven of Sandwich; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Coo-sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The Order of the Day, for the Call of the House, being read;

Ordered, That the Call of the House be further adjourned till this Day Two Months.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748;

Refohcd, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom V#L. 25,

the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, was committed:

And the said Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, some of them were disagreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons, whole Names Ouze are thereunder written, being Proprietors of the Navigation. Banks, or Sea-walls, adjoining to the River , between a certain Bridge at Stowbardolph, and the Borough of King's Lynn, on behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of the said Banks; viz. Sir Thomas Hare, Sir Robert Brown, James Vernon, Martin Fowlkes, John Davis, John Spelman, Henry Bell, Edmund Harwich, Esquires, John Green, jar. Patrick, Patrick Docking, Robert Hayes, John Hall, Jonathan Jones, Thomas Field, Robert Abraham, William Chadd, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth. That the said Banks, or Sea-walls, are ablblutely necessary to be maintained, and kept in good Repair, to preserve many thousand Acres of valuable Land against the Inundations of the said River, and of the Salt Waters; and that the said Banks are generally raised from Seven toTen Foot above the adjoining Lands, that Height being required to defend the Country against the Spring Tides, and which Banks are, for the moll part, very narrow at the Top, and composed of Brulhwood, and in Ibme Places only of Reed and Sea-sand, which are very improper Materials to support the Weight and Strength of Horses, haling upon the same; and yet, if any Breach should be made in any Part of the said Banks, the said whole Level of Land mull inevitably be drowned: And that the Navigation upon that Part of the said River, lying near the Mouth of the River, where the Tide flows in its full Strength, was formerly carried on without any haling, as it is in other Rivers, where the Tide ebbs and flows; but if, at any time, it was found necessary to hale upon the said Banks, it was always done by Men, and not by Horses; and that when any such Attempt of haling with Horses was made, it was constantly opposed by the Land-owners; but that, of late Years, the Size of the Vessels, or Lighters, has been much enlarged, and NineorTen large Lightersare frequently fastened together in One Gang, thereby to carry on a more gainful Trade:

And that this Increase of the Number and Size of the Lighters hath brought upon the Lightermen and Bargemen the pretended Necessity, which they allege, of haling with Horses, to the great Damage and Impoverishment of the Proprietors of the said Banks, or Sea-walls, and Danger of drowning the Country: And that the Advantages hereby accruing to the Lightermen and Bargemen induced them to set up a pretended Right or Claim to hale with Horses on the said Banks; and an Action being brought for determining the fame, upon a full Hearing of the Merits of the said Cause, last Summer Assizes at Norwich, for the said County, before a special Jury, it was determined there was no such Right; and that thereupon the Lightermen, Bargemen, and Traders, are now applying to this House, but without having the Consent or Concurrence of the Bank-owners, for a Bill to impower them to hale with Horses on the said Banks, which mull greatly

10 D assess

838 19* A . 1749.

afieft and endanger the Property of the Petitioners, and all other the Land-owners within the said Levels: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may have Liberty to be heard by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against any such Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouzein the County of Norfolk, oy impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks; be read a Second time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

Middleton'* An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sfiate. the Sale of a Messuage, and certain Freehold and Copy-hold Lands and Hereditaments, in , in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of Mary Middleton Widow, and others; and for veiling the Money, arising the reby, in Trustees, for the same UfeS to which the said Estate now Hands settled j was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Whittfefey An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual draining and -Dr"na8e* preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, it^ the Bounds and Precincts of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Westminster Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe prefen ted to the House,

Fish Market, according to Order, a Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Stockton a BUI for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by ' an A&, pslfed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his

present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to and from

thence through Winston, to in the lame

County; and for the effectual amending of the fame; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gi/dart, Mr.

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Crew, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Laroche, Sir Miles Sir Hugh -

son, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Mr. Child,

Lord Parker, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Edwin, Mr. Yorke, Sir Conyers D'arcy, Mr. Fox, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Northey, Sir John Ramsden; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, York, North-umber land, Cumberland, and North Britain:

And they are to meet this Afternoon- at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St. Leonard's A Bill for the better repairing the Highways and clean f-Shoreditch ing the Streets, within the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch, Streets. in the County of Middlesex; and for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages and Courts, there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Smithson, Sir Wm. Yohge, *Mr. Gore, Sir Bou. tVfey, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Turner, Mr. West, Sir Mr.

Compton, Mr. Gwytth, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Sydenhdm, Mr.

Wilkinson, Mr. ProwTe, Mr. Cornewall, Earl of Egmorit,

Mr. Tracey, Mr. Child, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Shuttleworth, Sir Wm. Beau. ProSlor, Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Hope Weir, Mr. Mitchell,

Sir John Turner, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Brown,

Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brereton,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Yorke-, and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Counties of Middlesex, Hertford, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Lord Harley reported from the Committee, to B.o(* to whom the Bill for repairing the several Roads leading Hereford into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was R'oadl* committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report.in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom Poll Hot-fa the Bill to explain and amend so touch of an Act, made *j'elett0 in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled.

An Act for establishing a General Pod-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, a nd other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Pod, was committed,

That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Deputy Post-masters, appointed by his Majesty's Post-master General, in behalf of themselves and of other the Deputy Postmasters of Great Britain, to them referred, and had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel: And that the Committee had gone through the bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table ^Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein contained should extend to defeat any Judgment obtained by virtue of the A£tof the Ninth of Queen Anne, before the 25 th of March 1749, or the Proceedings (t hereon: And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made part of the BiH.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Limiting solve itfelfinto a Committee'of the whole House, upon the Service in Bill for limiting respective Times beyond which no NoO- the Army' commission Officer or Soldier now or who 'may hereafter be such in his Majesty'r Land -Service, shall be compelled to continue in the said Service;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers

aaGEO. II.

19" — 30° jiprilis.

Telhr. for Ik. N«s,|«; } '

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Two Months, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

re-exported to the Plantations in America, from 1737, to Christmas 1748; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

The said Accounts are boujid up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie qpon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

W»y» The Order of the Day being read, for the House to and Mews. ref0}vc itself into a Committee of the whole 'House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated at 1748,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses stated at Michaelmas 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Feme reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, to consider further/)f Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Preventing Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Mischiefi next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, from Gun- Upon the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen Pow*cr' by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 o* die Aprilis

Anno 2Z* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

Export, tec. P(I VH E House being informed. That Mr. of Linens. from the Commissioners of hhe Customs, attended ‘at the Door-;

He was called in; and, at1 the'Bar, presented to the 'House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported from Lady-day 1743, to Christmas' 1748, inclosive, upon which the Bounties given by Two several Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the »8th, of his present Majesty's Reign, have been paid; distinguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what< Part thereof is. and

what Irish: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of the several'Sorts of ' foreign Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which, have been imported into England from Christmas 1737, ioChristmas 1748; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of 'foreign Linen, called East Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Raffia Narrow,- which have been VoJL. 45.

The House being1 informed, That Mr. , from Nominee*

the Exchequer, attended at the Dow.; under the

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the MiU,®n House, pursuant to their Order, a List of the Names of the several Nominees, with their Ages, subscribed uponan Act, passed in the Fourth Yearqrf the Reign of Ring William and Queen Mary, commonly called the Million Act, as they were delivered into (he Exchequer (not at Christmas, as expressed in the Order, which cannot be known till after the 4th of June next, but) at Midsummer last, for Payment of the Dividend then due upon the Benefit of Survivorship.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Stockton Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Maqufafturers, and other u?°n Tee* Inhabitants, within the Hundred, or District, of Cleveland, within the North-Riding of the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themlelvos, and all other the Inhabitants within the said District, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That. a Petition of the Trustees appointed to put in Execution an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through Winston to Barnard-Castle, in the same County, and aJfoof the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the County of Dwr-ham, hath been presented to the House; suggesttng. That the said Road cannot be effectualy amended and kept in diffident Repair, according to the?Intent of the said Act, unless a further Duty be imposed on all'Carts, and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, passing and repassing on the said Road, empty or unladen for, or loaden with.

Coals or Cinders: And alleging, That, in case a further Toll or Duty be laid on all Carts, Carriages, Horses, and other Cattle, going on the said.Road, unladen-'for,; or returning loaden with. Coals or Cinders, in consequence of the said Petition, the same will be a very great I Prejudice to, and an oppressive Burden upon, the Petitioners, and all other Persons redding in the said District ef Cleveland, and will increase the Price of Lime, much used for Tillage in that Part of the Country, and thereby prevent and discourage the Culture and Improvement of barren and other Lands, and will also lessen the Value of the Petitioners Lands in the said' District, and be a great Load on poor Manufacturersj and as many poor Persons will be unable to purchase Coals, they will be under a Necessity of procuring Fuel (bme other Way, which may tend to the Ruin arid Destruction of the Petitioners Woods, Trees,: arid Hedges: And that. many of the Petitioners live about Thirty-six Miles, and all of them above Twenty-fourMilee, distant from the Coal Pits, and therefore are not able to get any Coals but with great Labour, and: at a large Expence: And that the Petitioners make use of but a small Part of the said Road, and that in the Summer Season only, by reason that many of the Petitioners live about Twelve Miles,- and all of them above Three Miles, distant from the same Road; and that the Highways leading thereto are, in the Winter^Seafop, itnpaflable with Carriages: And that the Toll or Duty reasonableand necessary to be imposed on Carriages, Ho*fes»W<i other Cat tie, going

.UflfedcB

840 20* Aprilis. A. 1749.

unladen on the said Road, for, and returning loaden with, Coals or Cinders, was fully considered, debated, and settled, in and by the Committee to whom the Act above-mentioned was referred; but that the Trustees appointed to put the same in Execution, have thought fit to carry the said Road a quite different Wav to that which appeared in the Plan, laid, at that time, before the said Committee; by which Contrivance the Petitioners, in going to, and returning from, the Coal Pits, are obliged to go near Two Miles further on the said Road than they would have done in case the same had been carried agreeable to the said Plan: And that, at the same time, the said Road is, by that means, increased in Length near One Mile: And that the Petitioners are already burdened with a Toll of One Penny Farthing for each Cart Load of Coals, by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for repairing the High Road from Piers Bridge to Kirkmerrington, in the County of and from thence

to the Turripike Road at Lane End, in the said

County, although the Petitioners only make use of about One hundred Yards of the Road last mentioned: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and that all Horses, Mules, Asses, Carts, and Carriages, going for, or loaden with, Coals, and passing and repassing by and along the said Road, to and from the said District of Cleveland, may be exempt from, and not subject or liable, to the Payment of any further Tolls or Dut ies on that account; or that such other Relief may be provided for the Petitioners, touching the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence,.through Winston to in the fame

County; and for the effectual amending the same; is committed.

Hawkrworth Sir Miles Stapylton reported front the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Walter Esquire, in the County of 7ork, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of , in the fame

County, in lieu thereof to the like Uses; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Blonflon Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom ure* the Bill for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Bltmfdon, in the County of Wilts; and making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Pearfe, who is possessed of Seventy Acres of the said Lands; and Wilkins, who is possessed of about Five Acres of the said lands; and except Perkins, who is possessed of Six Acres of the said Lands; which said le-veral Persons, upon Application made to them, refused to sign the said Bill, but at the same time declared, That they had no Objection to it, and that they would not oppose the same; and except Ralph Woolford, who was possessed of Three Quarters of an Acre of the said Lands, and to whom, for want of Time, no Application had been made for his Consent; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,*. which they had directed him to report to the

House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Andrew Mitchell reported from the Committee, Bishop «f to whom the ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, Salisbury'* An Act for applying Part of the personal Estate of Gilbert Estate' late Lord Bishop of Saffbury for the Purchasing of Lands or Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations- of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were read; and ar* as follow; viz.

Press 7. L. 39. After Great ," insert " and " also so much Money as will pay and defray the Charges " and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act

Press 8. Line 8. After " aforesaid," insert " and for " the Charges of passing this Act

L. 10. Leave out from " deceased," to "and,"

" in Line 12."

At the End of the Bill add Clause A:

Clause A: " Provided always, and it is hereby Enacted " and Declared, That nothing herein contained shall pre- judice, lessen, or defeat, any Right, Interest, Property,

" or Claim, whatsoever, that the said College of New " Aberdeen, or the said Parish of S, or that they the " said Principal and Regents of the said College of New " Aberdeen, for the Time being, and the Provost and " Baillies of Neiv Aberdeen, for the Time being, or " the said Andrew Fletcher, Lord Milton Charles Sinclair,

" Laird of Hermifione, Mailer Archibald Lttndie, Minister " of Salton, and Sir Alexander Burnet, Laird of Leyes, as

" Trustees for the said College and Town of New Aberdeen, and Parish of Salton, respectively, or any other " Person or Persons interested in, or in Trull for the " Application of the said £. 2,222. 4s. directed by " the said Will and Codicil of the said Lord Bishop " of Salisbury, to be raised for the Purposes aforesaid,

" now have, or can or may have, in, or to, the said " Residue, or Surplus, of the said several Sums of £.2,600 " South Sea Annuity Stock, £.500 South Sea Stock, and "£.745. is. nd. in Money, or any Part thereof, so " as inch Claim be made and prosecuted on or before " the 25th Day of March, which shall be in the Year " 1754, and not otherwise; any thing herein contained " to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Ker reported from the Committee, to whom the Edinbureh Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Cotnmon- charity Council, of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves and in Workhoust. behalf of the Community, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; '

and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Refblutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

By authentick Copies of Original Proposals, made for building and endowing a Work-house in the City of

Edinburgh,

22 Geo. II. 20° Apri. 841

Edinburgh, and of the Minutes of general Meeting of the % Contributors to that Charity, on the 04th of July 1739, it is let forth:

" That though the Funds in the City of Edinburgh, tt which were yearly distributed for maintaining the Poor, " were very considerable, yet, from Experience, and a " strict Examination, the Manner of distributing weekly " and quarterly Pensions to that Time used, neither answered the Purpose of subsisting them comfortably, or " employing them usefully, in regard they can be under no Controul, either how they dispose of their Pensions, " or how they employ their Time, in both which, it was too evident, there was a very gross Abuse, and which, " it was hoped, might be prevented, were they so lodged " as to be under the Inspection of proper Overseers: And " that, beside. One great Article of Expence would be " much diminished in their Lodging, since, at that time, " every One or Two had their own Beds to provide separately, the yearly gross Charge whereof was, at least, computed at£.800 Sterling: And that, as the Method " of maintaining and employing the Poor in a Workhouse, " had succeeded so extremely well, in many Instances, in " England, and in the Town of that it gave the

" greatest Encouragement to attempt something of " that Nature in the City of Edinburgh, where there were such large Funds for endowing of it: And that " it was then agreed, Thai a large Hospital, or Workhouse, " should be built for the regular Maintenance and Employment of the whole Poor of the City, and for taking proper Care of Orphans and Foundlings, to be " endowed with the Poor's Funds, that were then under " the Cclleftion of the Kirk Treasurer, and were distributed, partly by the Magistrates and Town-Council, " and partly by the particular Kirk Sessions; whereof " the neat annual Amount would come out to above " £.1,700 Sterling, and with £.200 Sterling, yearly, out " of the City's Revenue, and by such Contributions as should be thereto made by the several Societies or Corporations within the City, and other piously disposed " Persons: And that the Management of the said Workhouse should be in Eighteen, to be chosen by the '* Magistrates and Town-Council, ordinary and extraordinary} Eighteen by the Kirk Sessions, whereof Two " by each Session; Eighteen Merchants, to be chosen by Ballot} eighteen Tradesmen, whereof each of Fourteen Corporations to chufeOne, the Barbers and Wig-' makers to chufc One} and the Candlemakers to chuse

One, and the Sixteen, to be thus chosen, to chuse Two; Edinburgh " Five by the Lords of Session } One by the Barons of tyr

" Exchequer; Six by the Dean and Faculty of Advocates} or °U *'

" Six by the Keeper and Commissioners, and Writers to " the Signet} Three.by the Epifcqpal Clergy, having " Meeting-houses within the City} Two by the College <e of Physicians }'and One by the College of

By the Accounts of the Treasurer for the said Charity it appears. That the said Workhouse was opened in the > Year 1743 } and by an Estimate made by the said Treasurer, and also an Account of the Receipts and Dif-buriements, since the Erection of the said House, which Estimate and Account are annexed in the Appendix N*.

1 and a. it also appears. That the annual Expence of the said Workhouse, and of Out-

pensioners, has been found to amount to, upon a Medium - And that the certain Revenue for the! £ t. 2,197 16. 8

Support thereof, and the Work done, J> amounts to per Annum - - - J 598 ;5 ft

» . f — So that there remains to be raised ? the ahnual Sum of - - - V i;599 II if

George Drummond Esquire, laid, That he has been a Manager of the said Charity, and that above 500 Persons have been annually maintained within the said House} and that Stipends have been allowed to a considerable Number of Out-pensioners} and that the Persons relieved were such as were decayed Burgcflis of, or Housekeepers in, the said City.

Mr. James Stuart confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Drummond: And added. That Ire had been also a Manager of the said Charity; and that the Persons whom the Managers consider as proper Objects of Relief, are such as have lived Three Years in the City, and been employed in useful Labour, and brought a Certificate thereof from some reputable Inhabitant; That the Managers have not admitted or relieved common Beggars} and that, since the Workhouse was erected, common Beggars were very rarely seen in the said City, for that the Managers obliged them to enact themselves to leave the City under the Penalty of going to the House of Correction.

By the said Account, in the Appendix N° a it appears. That the Donations and Contributions have annually decreased as follows:

ill Year Donations. £. 354 19 1^ Boxes. 82 17 1 J~s' Total. 437 16 3a

id - - - 247 16 82. 32 4 nJ~L 280 1 sj-

3d - - - 247 17 - 19 13 4*- 267 10 4a

4th - - - 164 10 2 11 8 6i 175 18 8-'.

5th--- 130 12 3^ 8 9 3- *39 1 7A

Li45 is 3a 154 >3 1,300 8 8x

And that from the lft of July 1748, to the iftof July 1749, the Donations only amount to £.19. 17 The said Mr. Drummond said. That when the certain Revenue, settled for the Support of the said Workhouse, together with the Legacies, Donations, and Contributions, are not sufficient for defraying the Expences of the said Workhouse, the Deficiency is supplied either by extraordinary Collectkms at the Doort of the Churches, or by Collections from House to House: And he added. That formerly Collections were made at the Doors of Nonjur-ing Meeting-houses} but that since the Rebellion* little at nothing has beeri contributed there.

And he further added, That the Magistrates and Council had, ever since the Erection of the Workhouse, intended for bare it supported by an equal and certain Tax upon the Inhabitants of the City and Suburbs, but that they thought it moll eligible to delay aa Application to Vol. 25.

Parliament for Power to lay such a Tax, Until they had some Years Experience of the Expence: That the Poor in the Parishes out of the City had hot been received into, or allowed any thing from, the said House but that it was now intended to make the Tax, and consequently the Benefit of the Charity, general to the Town, and to the adjacent Parishes.

And being aficed the Question, he said. That- he had never heard any Complaints of the Management of the said Workhouse; but that, on the contrary, it had been universally allotted by all the Persons he had converliid with about that Matter, That the said Workhouse had been managed with the tifffeoft Care and Economy.

By an Extract of an Act of Sederunt of the Lords of Council and Session on the 2ad of February 1749, it appears, That, upon Consideration and Etaminafion of certain Propofols, laid before them by the Magistrates and

to E Gounod

litized-,by t

Carnarvon

Writ.

Westminster 7kh Market.

841 $o° A 1749.

Council of Edinburgh, fof applying to the Legislature for the Establishment of an equal and certain Fund for the Maintenance of the begging Poor in the Charity Work-house, and Out-pensioners: That the said Lords did, after amending the said Propofols, deliver their Opinion, That the said amended Propofols hud down a most equal and just Method for the Support and Maintenance of the begging Poor, in the Charity Workhouse, and Out-pen-sioners, of that City; which Extract is annexed in the Appendix N# 3.

By an Extra A of a Minute of the General Kirk Sessions of Edinburgh, on the ill and 17th of February 1740, it

appears. That the said Sessions did also consider of the said Propofols, and were all of Opinion (except Two that voted against, and Five who declined giving any Opinion) That a Poor's Rate was far preferable, and would establish a more equal and Certain Fund for the Support of the said House, than the Collections at the Church Dbors; and they did approve of the said Propofols, with some Variations.

By an Extract of a Minute of a Meeting of the Company of Merchants of the said City, on the 17th and ad Days o (February 1749, That the said Company,

upon Consideration of the said Propofols, did also approve thereof, with some Amendments.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That since the Workhouse hath been erected in the City of Edinburgh, a considerable Number of indigent Persons

have been annually fed and cloathed; and such of them as were capable have been employed in useful Labour, by which Means the said City has been kept free from Beggars.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the necessary Charge of fopporting the said Work-house amounts annually to a large Sum, Part whereof hath arisen from voluntary Collections at the Church Doors, and other Places of Divine Worship; that other Part of the ford Sum arising from Donations, Legacies, and the Charity Boxes, fixed at the Doors of the said House, has decreased gradually, and such Deficiency has, from time to time, been supplied by extraordinary voluntary Collections.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Workhouse is proper and useful for the Maintenance and Employment of tire Poor; has been hitherto managed with Care and Economy, and ought to be supporled; and, in order to make an equal, just, and effectual, Provision for the Support thereof, the Aid of Parliament is requisite,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill to make an equal, just, and effectual, Provision for the Support of the Charity Workhouse erected in the City of Edinburgh.

The Appendix, being too long to be inserted, is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Three first of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make an equal, just, and effectual Provision for the Support of the Charity Workhouse eroded in the City of Edinburgh: And that Mr. Ker, Mr. the Lord

Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Charles , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the some.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, in the room of Sir Thomas Wynne Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That the Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of Fifti in the City of W and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; be printed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the . Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which, the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards ruling the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of One Million, out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, his Majesty be enabled to raise a Sum, not exceeding One Million, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, to be charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

'The foid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. , Mr. , Mr.

Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Legge, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. George Grenville, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do insert therein a Clause of Credit, with regard to so much of the said Bill as relates to the Surplusses, Excesses, and Overplus Monies, commonly called the Sinking Fund.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, was committed:

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Fo. 23. Line 18. being severally read a Second time. One of them was difa-greed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, Folio 43. Line 18. which was, after the Word " Martial," to insert " Provided always, That in every Cafe, " where such material Objection shall occur, and where " the Person next in Command to the Officer or Commander in Chief, shall be set aside, in pursuance of this " Clause, such Objection shall be made in Writing, apd " annexed to the Proceedings and Sentence of such Court " Martial; which Proceedings, so composed, shall be carefully preserved in the Office of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners for executing the Office of " Lord High Admiralbeing read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for (he Yeas, j ^Jr* ffortiey: } V-

Tellers for the Noes, j } S3.

So it passed in the Negative.

And several other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment Fo. a Line 19. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, Folio 26. Line 19. which was, to leave out " lawful Authority," and insert instead thereof " Act of Parliamentbeing read a Second time;

An

Way. yid Means.

Laws respecting the Government of the Navy.

Office of Coroner

Worcester,

&c. Roads.

nttih

Fitter/.

Durham

Writ.

22 Geo. II. ao‘ — 21° 843

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Word "Aft," in order to insert instead thereof the Words " either " House

And the Question being put. That the Word " Act," {land Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TeUcr, for the } -7-

Teller, for the No,s,{^/£^;. } 79-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to some of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered tobe added to the Bill for punishing Officers who shall receive Merchandizes on board his Majesty's Ships:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up: And an Amendment was made by the House to the said Clause:

Then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term dnd Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the Onepaffed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwick, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of fVorcester;

and also for repairing the Road from Droitwick to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was committed; be further adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the }.o6.

Teller, for the Noe,^; } 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 210 die Aprilis;

Anno 22* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire, to serve in this present Parliament for the County of , in the

room of the Honourable Henry Vane Esquire; wfio, Vol. 25.

since his Election for the said County, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's Exchequer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Dutoooo the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon * Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea: And that Mr. Bowes, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Wefi, and Mr. Latnbtoti, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Lift of the Names of the several Nominees, with their Ages, subscribed upon an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Maty, commonly called the Million Act, as they

were delivered into the Exchequer at Midsummer last, for Payment of the Dividend then due upon the Benefit of Survirorship, be printed.

An ingrafted Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill; Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, to pay a certain Sinking Annuity upon the principalSums therein tobe mentioned,' Fun ' in Discharge of Bills payable in Course of the Navy and Victualling Offices, and for Transports; and to pay off the Debt of the Office of Ordnance; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to charge the Sinking Fund with the Payment of Annuities, in Discharge of Navy, Victualling, and Trartf-port Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, to the Anfrount therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and principal In- preveqtin£ habitants, of the Corporation of Gr and Milton, in Mischiefii the County of Kent, was presented to the House. and read; ,rotn Gu«-setting forth, That the Petitioners observing in the Votes Pow<kr-of the House, a Bill depending to prevent Mischiefs that may happen by keeping in any One Place too great a Quantity of Gunpowder, beg Leave to lay before the House their very great Fears and Uneasiness, concerning the prodigious Quantity of Gunpowder at this Time deposited in the Magazines and otherHouses at Til amounting to upwards of Twenty thousand Barrels, and being within little more than half a Mile distant from the Towns of Gravesend and Milton: And they further represent, That besides the excessive Quantity at Tilbuty , there are moreover several hundred Barrels of Gunpowder in the Magazine in the Town of Gravesend: And that since the Peace with France and Spain, whereby lb many Men of War have been paid off, such large Quantities of Gunpowder, from on board the Men of War, have been lent to 'Tilbury Fort; that the Magazines there cannot contain them, whereby the Governor's House is filled with Gunpowder, that being common tiled Buildings: That the Buildings of the Garrison, where Fire is usually kept, is no more than Ten Yards distant from the said Buildings:

That the Mischiefs to be apprehended from Accidents common to Gunpowder, either by casual Fire, Lightning, or Treachery, are too vastand astonishing for human Reason to calculate, for the Force and Effects of such a dreadful Quantity: And that those which seem most obvious are, besides the Loss of One of the most considerable military Stores in the Kingdom, the utter Destruction of the Petitioners and their Properties, the Merchant Ships in the River, and, in great Probability, infinite Mischief to the City of London; since it is known, by Experience, that the blowing up of One single Powder-mill has done /

Damage Ten Miles Distance: It is further apprehended, as an Evil consequent to any terrible Accident from the Gunpowder at Tilbury, That the Navigation of the River Thames would be absolutely ruined, the Sea-Wall, for several Miles, by any such excessive Explosion, must be torn up in such a manner, and such Breaches made in it, as would be the Work of Ages to repair: And therefore praying, That, in passing the said Bill into a Law, Provision may be made against these prodigious Evils, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered\

Nominees under the Million

1

Glynn?*

EtfaUw

BriAol Roads*

Import of Foreign Em* broidery-

Ross

Roads,

Auriol's

Nat.

American Paper Credit#

844 31* — 24° Aprilis.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is comm ted.

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Nicholas Glynn Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Southwell reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of and the other, passed

in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads herein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committeehad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of foreign Embroidery, and of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or SilverWire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 'thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill for repairing the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pre(s 2.L. 39. After " Esqurres," to insert " the Reverend Matter Ford, Rector of Brampton-Abbots, -

" chard Fisher Gentleman

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; And that the Title be. An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Ross, in the County of ford.

Ordered, That the Lord Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Crc-

24

A. 1749.

dit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payment for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty % Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Baltimore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Baltimore reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the wholp House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Representation and Petition of the Trustees for establishing the Colony of in America,

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money, granted in the Year 1746, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establishing the fipd Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the further Report from the Committee, appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 240 Aprtlis;

Anno 129 Georgii IId! Regis, 1749. Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Nicholas Glynn Esquire, deceased, for discharging Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; Was read the Third time.

Resolved,

Preventing Mischiefs from Gunpowder.

Supply.

British

Fishery.

GWacft E fitter

2.-2 Geo. II.

24°, Aprihs.

84$

Supply Bd

Sinking f und.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. Ordered, That the said Report, together with so mu«h

Ordered, That Mi. Thomas Pitt do carry the Bill to the of the Appendix thereto, as is referred to in the fail) Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed Report, be printed, v

to the fame, without any Amendment. Ordered, That the several Papers, produced beforp thep

laid Committee, by the Company of Adventurers trad- Mr. Fane presented to the House according to Order, ing into Bay, be brought before this House?

a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One That the Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants,

Southwirle Road from New-ltrect.

thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Lieutenant-General Onslow reported from the Commit-

and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Advem turers of the City of under their Common Seat

(which was presented to the House upon the 12th Day of this instant April, and then ordered to lie- upon the Table) be taken into Consideration at the far.e Time that the said Report is. taken into Consideration.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Ques-tee, to whom the Bill for opening and making a new Road tion, by inserting after the Word ‘‘ Table," these Word*

from the East End of Nezv Streein the Parish of St. John Southwark, along a Street called St. Saviour's Dockhead in the Parishes of St. John in Southwark and St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey; and through Part ofa Street called The Folly; and from thence, by a Place called the Halfpeny-Hatch, in the Parish of St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of Rot her hit h; and from thence to The New Halfway-house, in the same Parish;

and the several other Petitions presented this Session'tu " the House, and severally ordered to lie upon the Table*

" relating to the Trade to Hudf Bay /

And the Question being put. That those Words bt there inserted;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Petition of the Mailer, Wardens,

and through Upper Rogues Lane to the East End thereof $ Adistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants and likewil'e from the said New Haljway-houseto the South Adventurers of the City of Bristol, under their Common

Corner of Redhouse Lane, in the Parishes of St. Paul and _ St. Nicholas Deptford-, and through the said Line, and

a Street called Grove Street, to the said Lane called Upper Rogues Lane, in the said Parish of Rot/urhit/r, and also from the South Corner of Redhouse Lane aforesaid, to the South End of Butt Lane, in the said Parish of St. Paul Deptford; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And die Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingross'ed.

Trade to . A Petition of the Traders and Inhabitants of the Town Hudson'sBay. of Stockport, in the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; praying, That the Trade to Hudson's Bay may be laid open to all his Majesty s British Subjects, as the fame, if left free, will be to the Advantage of this Kingdom in general, and promote the Consumption of our Woollen and other Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and increased, and the Trade and Fishe-rics there extended and improved; and also to inquire > into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading: into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the

Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; That the Committee had, pursuant to the Order of the House, examined into the several Matters to them referred; and had dire died him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read.

The said Report and Appendix arc bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Vol 25. '

Seal (which was presented to the House upon thq 12th Day of this instant April, and then ordered talie upon the Table) and the several other Petitions, presented this Session to the House, and severally ordered to lie upon the Table, relating to the Trade to Hudson's Bay, be t^ken into Consideration at the same Time chat the said Report is taken into Consideration.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him so report to the House; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follnweth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to reimburse the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of the Sums extorted

from them by the Rebels, upon account of theft Loyalty, during the late unnatural Rebellion, for the Railing of which the said Magistrates and Town-Council wert obliged to grant their Bonds.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time,.Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by. the House.

i:

An ingross'ed Bill for amending, explaining, apd reducing into One Act of Parliament; the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prel's 1. L. 31. After "Aft," insert "for making " perpetual so much of an Act, made in the 10th Year " of the Reign of Queen Anne, for the reviving and con* " tinuing several Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, " as relates to the Building and Repairing of County " Goals; and also an Act of the nth and 12th Years04 " the Reign of King William the Third, for the more " effectual Suppression of Piracy, and

P. 13. L. 7. After " Fourth," insert " and L. 19. Leave out " and 34th P. 22. L. 6. After " Ireland," insert " and And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into

10 F One

.. .31

Supply.

Laws respecting (he Government of the Navy.'

845 2 4° — 2 6°

One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea.

Ordered, That the Lord Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

P<*ft Hories An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend so much of an lot to Act, made in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, ,re* intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office

for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Post, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Post.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ktnpfton Sir John Elwillreported from the Commi t tee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from °* the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton\and also the Road from Hindhead Heath, where the Road breaks out

of the Portsmouth Road, through Fernhurst Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon fVednesday Morning next.

Bristol An ingrafted Bill for continuing Two Acts of Parlia-

Road*. ment, the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol; and the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. Line 7. After " Bigg," insert " Jo/.

" nett:"

L. 33. After " junior," insert *' Jeremiah " Dean, Thomas Dunn*

P. 6. L. 7. After " junior," insert " > French, of " Bath

L. 16. After ," insert " John Gam-

" ston:"

L. 31. After insert " John -

" court

P. 7. L. 28. After " King" insert " King of "Bath:"

1 P. 8. L. 15. Before , i ft John," insert " Daniel " Gland, Nathanael Ogburne

P. L. After insert " Nathanael Stephens Esquire

L. After insert " James Tunbridge,

" mas Trout:"

L. After # insert " Nathanael And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And lhe Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title 2.2

Aprilis. A. 1749.

be An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of and the other,

passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual j and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Southwell do carry the Bili to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing cer- Blunfdon tain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Indoi w. common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Blunfdon, in the County of Wilts; and making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be.

An Act for confirming and establishing certain A rticles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Blunfdon, in the County of Wilts; and making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

A Motion was made, and the Question bring put. Manning That this House will, upon Wednesd Sevennight, re- the ^lect* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Methods for the better Manning of his Majesty's Fleet for the future, without Prejudice to the Trade of this Nation;

The House divided.

Thc Yeas went forth.

TdfcB for the Ycas,$; . } 44-

Teller for Ihc Noes,$J; Z"'rm: }«

So it was resolved in the Affirmative. "

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn- Land Tax

ing next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole Commis-House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; C'

and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1,747 and 1748.

And then the House adjourned till fVednesday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 26° die Aprilis; Anno 220 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act William* for felling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, ®rtate Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Sir John Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and for hying out the Money,' ^fifing by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands an<| Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Firebrace, Mr. Wii/es, Mr. I lav. Lord Coke, Mr.

Townshend, Mr. Ockcnden, Sir Cha. Mor daunt, Mr.

Beaghan, Mr. Edw. IVa/pole, Sir Ken. , Mr.

Hor. IVa/po'e, Lord Baltimore, Lord Harley, Mr. Pytls,

Surely Bill 5

Sinking

fund.

Duties on Cods *c.

Dr. Cony-beans thanked*

Worccter, kc. Ronds.

vnfiMxh

Road.

22 Geo. II.

2 6° Apr

847

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Balkurfi, Sir John Rnfkout,

Lord Hobart, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Gore, Mr.

Affleck, Mr. Northey, Mr. Med lMr. Winnington, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Fane, Mr. Cor Mr. , Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Potter, Mr. Bayutun, Mr. Compton, Lord Luxborough, Sir John Mr. Martin, Mr.

Fe/lowes, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Kent, Mr. Burr el, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Brereton, Six Tho. Bootle, Mr. Neale, Mr. HiU, Sir Francis Poole, Sir John Barnard; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Suffolk, Essex, and Norfolk :And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thouiad Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Reftlved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr Bowes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolred, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Doctor Cony beare, for the Sermon by him preached Yesterday, before this House, at St. Margaret's Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that the Lord DuppHu, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lyttleton, do acquaint him therewith.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the for ther enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Amu, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of fVorcester, through the Borough of to Dyers

Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester-, and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

Mr. Jenyns reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road between the Towns of Wisbech and , in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was committed, That the Committee had examined the A negations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, ony by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Vw. 25.

A Messagefrom the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Sazyyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lvt ton's disposing of Part of the real Estate of William Robinson £state-Lytton Esquite, deceased, directed by his Will to be sold for railing Portions for his Daughters, in order to discharge Incumbrances affcding the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords deft re-the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The several Books and Papers produced before the Trad* to Committee who were appointed to inquire into the State g^*"'* and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Bay,

and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire info the Right t he Company of Adventurers trading to Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; being, pursuant to an Order of the House made upon Monday last, brought before the House, together with several Maps and Charts;

The Titles of the said Books and Papers were read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Papers be printed;

'The House divided.

The Ye?.s went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j£j } 6>'

Tellers for Ihe Noe, \i7.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Antril County Roll of Valuation.

Woollen

Maaufadhim.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making an authentick Roll of Valuation for the Shire of Argyle, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the ' Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds and AbuseS committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful. Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; without any Amendment: And also,

'(Tie Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence

to Piers Bridge, on the River Tees, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and collecting, certain Duties, commonly called Petty Customs, or Wharfage, payable upon the lm|>ortation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Waymouth and Regis, in the County of Dorset; and also of Balia ft and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and VesseU coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the liid Harbour, and the Wharfs and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An Ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for applying Part of the personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord Bishop of Salisbury for the purchasing of Lands Of

Ren I

Borough" bridge to Piers Bridge Reed.

Wsymotth

Harb*ur.

848

2 6° — q 8° J

; A.1749-

Land Tax t'ommifGon* era Names, ire.

Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to fevcyal the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments charitable Uses and Puqjofes in his Will mentioned, was to several of them, agreed to by the Uoufe. read the Third time. A Clause was offered ,to be added to the Bill, That if

.Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do any Turnpike (liquid be eredfed within One Mile of a

pals. , House called Pain's Hill, in the Parish of IValt on upc.s

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Mitchell do carry the Bill the Owners and Occupiers of the said House,

to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath and their Workmen and Servants, with their Cattle and agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Carriages, shall pass and rapafs through the said Turnpike Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of Toll-free:-

their Lord ships. And the said Clause was twice read, with a Blank,

which was filled up:.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Com* the Bill.

missioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for Ordeicd, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be appointing other Persons, together with those named for ingrossed. the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present

Ways and Means.

And then the House adjourned till . Morning next, JJine of the Clock.

Friday

Satu.es of Hue and Cry.

Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1749.; and for.

Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748 be now, read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morqing Prayers.

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, QRD That Mr. Speakerdo issue his Warrant Orford Writ, upon the said Bill. , to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ,

for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-The House according to Order, proceeded to take liament for the Borough cf Orford, in the County of into Consideration the Report from the Committee of the Suffolk, in the room of the Honourable Henry.Leggt

Veneris, 2 8° .;

Anno 220 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Office of Coroner.

Kinofton upon Thames Roads.

whole ftoiife, to whom the Bill for remedying Inconve- Esquire who, since, his Election for the fjid Borough, niencies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on hath accepted the Office of Treasurer of his Majesty's the Statutes of Hue and Cry, was committed: Navy.

And the said Report was read: '

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the OThat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Eye Writ, said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the EledHng of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament House. , for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolk, in the-

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing- room of the Honourable Edward Cornwallis Esquire; the Manner of Execution upon those Statutes: who since his Election for the said Borough, hath ac-

And the feme was twic^read, with a Blank, which was cepted the Office of Governor of Placentia tn Newspund-filled up: . land, and Captain-General and Governor in Chief in and And tVien the said Clause was., by Leave of the House, over his Majesty's Province of Nova Scotia or Accadie in withdrawn. ‘ America.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed ' An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lytton'j

for disposing of Part of the real Eltateof William Robinson £state. The Order of the Day being read, for the House tQ Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his W ill to be sold, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to for railing Portions for his Daughters, in order to discharge consider further of Ways arid Means for raising the Supply Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes granted to his Majesty; therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, next resolve i'tself into the said Committee.

Mr. Alderman Rethell reported from the Committee, R4mfg, te The Order of the Day being read, for the House to to whom the Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Har- Harbour resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to bour of and for cleansing, amending, and pre-

consider further of the Bill for the better Otdering of the serving, the Haven of Sandwich-, was committed; That the Officer of Coroner; Committee had considered the Petition of Henry Conyng‘

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning ham Esquire, and had heard the Petitioner by his Coun-. next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fel; and had also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill,

against the said Petition; and had also considered the several Petitions from the several Towns of IVaymouth anc}

Melcombe Regis, Dover, Lyme Regis, 51 nd Great Yarmouth; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to br true; and that the

to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report f rom the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several

Amendments theteunto; which they had directed him to report to the.House: and he read the Report in, hi? Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, were, with Amendments to several them, agreed to'by the House.

Ordered

Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of

Southampton-,'and also . the Road from Hindhead Heath, where the' Chichester Road breaks out of the Poufmouth Road, through Fernhurst and ,to the City of

Chichester, in the County of Sussex; was committed:

And the said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the-.said . Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon

ftuties on CVJf, See.

Supply.

Way* and Mean*

Import of

Foreign Em-fcroiJexy, &c.

I inens ft imped i« Scotland.

Preventing

Ittifchtcft from Gunpowder.

22 Geo. 1L 28 6 Aprilis§49

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

A Bill for the better securing his Majesty's t)utieB arising upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea, was read a Second time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfclfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said BilL

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And t^ie said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of foreign Embroidery, and of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Ware, manufactured in foreign Parts.

The House being informed, That Mr. Ross, Agent to the Trustees for improving the Manufactures in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Account of all the Linen Cloth stamped in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ill of November 1738, to t 1748, inclusive; distinguishing the Quantities and Value annually, and also distinguishing what Part thereof is of the V alue of 18 d.and under.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of several Noblemen, Gentlemen, and others. Inhabitants of Eafi Greenwich, and other Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants thereof, and adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That in the Parish of Eafi Greenwich, and within a Quarter of a Mile, or thereabout, of the Town in which a Market is held, and in which there is a Royal Palace, and that well known luperb Building the Royal Hospital for Seamen, there is a Storehouse or Magazine, wherein are frequently kept Twelve thousand Barrels of Gunpowder, and sometimes to the Amount of Fifteen thousand j and that, besides the great Danger which mud attend all Places of this Kind, this Storehouse (lands in an open Field, not inclosed with any Fortification whatever, whereby it is exposed to Treachery, and every Accident; and, from its being situate so close to the Uiver , it is conceived

great Mischief may happen from the firing the Ships Guns, as they pal's and repafsat lb fma!l a Ditlance hom it', especially :f, through Negligence or Accident, a Ball should be left in any One of the Guns, an instance of which has lately happened; and that the said Storehouse (lands so near to the River, on the Banks whereof grow

Vol. 25.

a great Quantity of Reeds, that if any df these should be set bn fire, as they have been* the Gunpowder contained in the said Storehouse would be in great Danger of being fired; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if, through Treachery, or by Lightening* or any other Accident, so great a Quantity as Six or.Seven hundred Tons fb^uld take Fire, atnong many great Mischiefs which would'fol low, not only the LiVes and Properties of the Petitioners, but the said Palace and Hospital* the Ring's Yards and Stores at Deptford, and W and the Banks and Navigation of the River Thames, and the Ships failing and at Anchor therein, would be inevitably destroy-fdi and almost inconceivable Damage accrue to the Cities, of London and /V^flminster: And therefore praying. That tire said Storehouse may be repsoved to such a DistanCe from the Habitations of the Petitioners* as that the Petitioners Lives and Properties may be preferred* and the several other Mischiefs beforertneotioned may be prevented, in such manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder tn any One Place* or carrying top great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another.

,; .

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Ali Act to enable Charles- Eatrf of Peterborow, or~t he other Heirs

of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counticsof Kincardexand Aberdeen, for Payment of'Del)ts<cfcarge<T thereupon and other Purposes therein mentioned-, was tend a Second time.

Refo/ved , That the Bill-be committed to Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gybbon, Sir John Cut, Mr. Gore, Mr. Gorrfiton,

Mr. Torke, Mr. Barry, Mr. , Mr. IFtuningt<m, Mr.

Neale, Mr. Oswald, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Biereton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Selwye, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Bond, Mr. Carmichael, Colonel Town-Jhend, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Ker, Mr. Cha.

Tomn/hcnd, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Gwsnn, Sir. Lionel , Mr.

Robinson, Mr. FoXr Mr. Morton, Mr, Lra. , Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Sydenham{ Mr. , Mr. TtaiyrMx. Hardinge , Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr.

Turner, Mr. Great heed, Mr. Mr. Gray, Mr.

Aldermen BethelI, Mr. Burrard, Mr. AIdenmen. Janjfeni Mr. Charlton, Mr. PUmpire, Sjf Francis Poole, Captain Frank!and. Sir Cha. Kepi- Tyute; and all the Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Af-

ternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday the 19th Day of this instant April, for the Second Reading, upon Tuesday next, of the Bill for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses on the Banks of the said River and for providing a reason&bU Satisfaction to the Owner^of the said Banks be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time uporl this Day Sevcnnight.

/ )

The House, according to Order, rciblved itself iqtp a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities cf Gunpowder in any On* Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Fere Beauclerk took the Chait of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Vctc Beauclerk reported froth the Committee* That they had gone through the Bill, and made several

jo G Amendments

fearl of Peterborow'l

lift ate.

O® iz isia*ig;.tion.

Preventing Mischiefs from Guiv powder.

28° Aprilis. — -i" Maiu A. 1749.

Amendments the eunto, which they had directed him to Report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next. '

The other Orders of the Day being read:

Land Tax Refohed, that this House will, upon Morning

Catmniffioo- next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, araes, Upon the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748.

Office of Coroacr.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning itext, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better Ordering of

the Office of Coroner.

. .,);

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

noli ~ntr)

b"'

Z*un&y I*, Mau\ ];

L.: j A*»o a*° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

PttAYEES.

Trade to ‘ A ^TlTfON of the underwritten Merchants and Iiudson'sBay, XV Traders of the City of London, was prerented to the House, and read; alleging, That tlfe Petitioners apprehend they have an undoubted Right to Traffick with all Countries belonging to the British Crown, and with all other Countries- in Amity with his Majesty, unless deprived by Act: of Parliament: That all Monopolies and exclusive Companies are prejudicial to the Trade of this Nation:'That the raft Countries around and adjoining Hudson's Bay, claimed by that Company as their exclusive Property, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, may be much improved, and the Trade greatly Wreased, if the House think proper to lay the Trade open to all his Majesty's Suttyefts: That most of the neighbouring Nations in Europe!, by prohibiting or discouragrng our Manufactures,

' make it necessary that All proper Encouragement should be given towards the increasing our Colonies, and Exten-. fionofotirTraiddand Navigation: That the House having always been ready to retrieve, extend, and protest, the -British Trade froma.ll illegalexclufiveGrants and Mo-' " ttopohes; and expressing the Hope of the Petitioners,

That the House will think it of publick Benefit to opeh :the Trade in Hudson's Bay to all his Majesty's Subjects, that they may have Liberty'to land, build, and trade :there, Withoht-having their ShipsOr Eflfefts seized; which Will not only tend to the enlarging the Sale of Manufactures, but the finding out the North-weft Passage; or to give the Petitioners such other Relief and Encouragement to extend Trade into those Parts of America, 8cc. as to the House shall seem meet.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was allb presented to the House, and ' read; alleging, That in case the House should declare to

be'illegal that Monopoly so long exercised by the "Bay Company (greatly to the Advantage of a few People, but little to that of the Publick) and should resolve to give a ftee Permission to all his Majesty's Subjects, as well as the Company, to trade into Hudson's Bay, and the extensive Countries adjacent, that it would be greatly conducive to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms, particularly the Woollen and Iron Manufactures, with the Advancement and Prosperity of which the Welfare of this Nation is so'inseparably coanefted; and that the Inhabitants of that vast Country have been found to be a 07,

humane People, and always inclined to promote an amicable Intercourse with such as treat them kindly,

which makes the Keeping of expensive Forts there quite unnecessary; so that the Trade to those Parts may be carried on to much better Purpose by private Adventurers than by a Company; and that industrious Inhabitants might make very convenient Settlements in many Parts of those vast Countries, by which means the Natives, by a more frequent and intimate Intercourse with them, would soon be instructed and induced to promote aTraffick with the other Natives remotely distant: and, by supplying them with British Commodities, would bring down into our Hands a great Part of the Furs and other valuable Produce of that vast Country, which now fall into the Hands of our great Rivals the French, whose Strength and Commerce mud always increase in proportion as ours decay; which rauft, the Petitioners are afraid, inevitably be the Cafe, unless some new Channels inTrade are opened to us; and that the Petitioners are of Opinion the present Trade into Hudson's Bay is of trifling Advantage to the Nation (the Company, as the Petitioners are informed, not exporting above the Value of 3 or Annum) in

companion of what it would soon be, were the Trade laid open, whereby the Publick might enjoy the Benefit of an immense Treasure, now almost buried, and sacrificed only to the confined and avaricious Views of a few: And therefore, and as the Charter of the Bay Company

is, as the Petitioners apprehend, absolutely inconsistent with the Welfare of this Nation, and void, by their never having fulfilled the principal Condition of their obtaining so extensive a Grant, viz. the endeavouring properly and vigoroufty to find out aNorth-weft Passage, and in settling Colonies, as in other Parts of the Continent of America; and as the Petitioners apprehend the British Fishery in particular is a most valuable Branch to this Nation, which they have always been, and still are, particularly felicitous to cultivate in the belt Manner, may thereby be greatly improved and extended; praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to make such Order and Provision therein as the House shall think fitting.

A Petition of the principal Traders and Inhabitants of the Town of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Opening of the Commerce carried on to Hudson's Bay, which has for many Years been confined in the Hands of a few Persons, to the great Detriment of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Navigation in general made free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, will be very advantageous to the Kingdom in general, and greatly promote the Consumption of the Iron and Woollen Manufactures: And therefore praying the House to act therein as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be taken into Consideration at the same time that the Report from the Committee who were appointed to inquire into ,the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and ..improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Compary of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; is taken into Consideration.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of and March, in the

Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that th£ Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road,

between

wivcii

Roadi,

2i Geo. II.

1° Ma

between the Towns of Wisbech and ,in the Ifit

Ely and County of Cambridg.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

fwu, H. Mr. Bowes refiorted from the Committee, to whom, bridge to the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an

Uuriiam Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his °*' present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the tame County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for making the same more effectual; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill and found the same to be true i and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto i which they had directed him to report to the House, j, and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were'made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be logrolled.

Hawk* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

worth'* for veiling the settled Ellate of Walter

kliue. Esquire, in the County of York, in him and his Heirs;

and for settling the Manor of Hawksworth, in the same County, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Miles do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Kingston An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road hfO"Tlume» leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the

Road* County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Pe-

terfield, in the County of Southampton , and also the Road from Hindhead Heath, where the Chiehefier Road breaks out of the Portsmouth Road, through Lane and Midhurst, to the City of Chiehefier, in the County of Sussex; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; vi

Press 3. Line si. after " Godaiming" insert " Nicholas Kent

Press. 4. Line 7. Before Claudius," insert Sir Thomas Ridge Knight

Line 11. After K Holmes" insert " Nicholas

" Kent"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: and that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near in the County of Southampton; and also the Road from Hindhead Heath, through Fernhurst Lane and,

to the City of Chiehefier, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Sir John do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ont>awries The House was Moved, That an Act, made in the fcr Treason *seventh Year of the Reign of Queen , intituled, An in Scotland. Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly 1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to ascertain and establish the Method of proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treasonand Misprision of Higfi-

Vol. 25.

Tteafon in Scotland: ^tnd that Mr. Attorney-General, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, and Mr. Sollicitor-Gene-ral, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for remedying Inconveniencies which Statute of may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hueand Cfy; Hue and Cry, was read the Third time.

Refohedi That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be» An Act for remedying Ificonveniencies which may happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statute df Hue and Ciy.

Ordered, That Mr. Potvney do carry the Bill to tbt Lords, and desire theic.Concerrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for taking into Trade to Consideration the Report from the Committee who were Hudson'* appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Bay' Countries adjoining to Hud/ons Bay, and of the Trade carried on there: and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading to Hudfou's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday next, at Twelve of the Clock;

The Hoofe divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas, Brtrehn: 4*.

TellenforrheNoe . j re.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Conf.deration upon Thursdcy next, at Twelve of the Clock.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Wednesday ItR, WorcelWr* for resuming, upon Thursday Morning next, the adjourned tec. Read*. Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of tire Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the 12th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near

grove, in the County of Worcester-, and also for repairing the Road from Droitwch to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the ft id Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Advent Tra(je {(j turers of England trading into Htidson's Bay, was presented Hudfua'J to the House, and read; setting forth. That Bay Buy:

was discovered about the Year 1610; but that it doth not appear, that any trade was carried on there for upwards of Fifty-five Years after such Discovery; That about the "

Year 1667, his then Highness Prince Rupert, Chrifiophet then Duke of Albemarle, William then Earl of Craven, and divers others, ar their own great CoRs and Expences, undertook an Expedition thither for the Discovery of % new Passage into the South Seas, and for finding some Trade for Furs, Minerals, and other considerable Commodities j and, by such Undertaking, made such Discoveries as they apprehended would be greatly to the Advantage of these Kingdoms: Soon after which, upofi their humble Application to his then Majesty King Charles

I kbt

Trade to Hudfoa'sBay,

854

10 Mad.

the Second, his said Majesty, in Confederation of the great Cost and Expences the said Undei takers had been at, and of the Discoveries they lead then nude, and in order tocncourage them to go on with their Undertakings, was graciously pTeased, by his Letters Patent, Or Charter, bearing Date the Second Day of May, in the Twenty-second Year of his then Majesty's Reign, to incorporate, create, and make, the said Prince Rupert, the said Duke of Albemarle, the said Earl of Craven, and others the Lords and Persons named in the said Letters Patent, or Charter, One Body Corporate and Politick, by the Name of the Governors and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson's Bay; and, by that Name, to have perpetual Succession, tsc. giving and granting the reby, to the said Governor and Company, the foie Trade and Commerce of all those Seas, Straits, Bays, within the Entrance of the Straits called,

which were not then actually possessed by, or granted to, any of his said Majesty's Subjects, or possessed by the Subjects of any other Christian Prince or State, with divers and fiindry Privileges as in the said Letters Patent, or Charter, now lying before this House, will appear: That the Petitioners apprehend the said Letters Patent, or Charter, to be both reasonableand legal; and that it doth not contain further Privileges than what were absolutely necessary to induce the Adventurers to begin and carry on a Trade, attended with great Charge and Difficulties at first, and without any Probability of yielding any Profit to the Adventurers for a considerable time; and that, if a Charter had not been granted, there is no Reason to think that any Trade would have been carried on th-'re from this Country, any more than there had been for the Space of upwards of Fifty Years next after the said Discovery; and that by means of these Letters Patent, or Charter, this Nation hath not only received great Advantage in its Revenues, by the Trade carried on by the said Governor and Company, but hath the foie Trade into Hudson's Bay, no other Nation interfering with the Company therein -, and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the Tcade into the said Bay cannot be carried on or managed so advantageously, either to the Honour or Interest of this Nation, as in a Company, and in a Joint-Stocki which they formerly made appear to the Satisfaction of the- whole Legislature; and that the Legislature hath always expressed this to be their Sense, by the Encouragement they have given this Company whenever the Trade into Hudson's Bay hath been under the Consideration of Parliament; and the Petitioners are not conscious that they have done any thing to lessen that favourable Opinion which this House had of them: That the Petitioners conceive, that they have fully answered the Ends of Iheir Charter, by carrying on the Trade to the Advantage of this Nation, by establishingFadlories, and building Forts, at a very great Expence, for the Conveniency of their Trade with the Indians. and protecting it from the Attacks of any European Natives, or of the Indians', and also by using their Endeavours to find out a Passage into the South Seas, in all Places where a Passage would have been of any Use, to the great Lois and Damage of the Company, as well as of the Lives of several of his Majesty's Subjects: That the Petitioners hope, that it Hull not be imputed to them as a Crime, that, after having a certain Knowlege, by their Settlements in the South and South-weft Parts of that Bay, and as far as the Latitude of 59' North, that there is no Passage in all that Part of the Bay; and, after having made fruitless and expen live Attempts to find out a Passage in more Northern Parts, as-far as Latitude 66*, they have not persisted townlle their Capiia] in looking for a Passage, which they have no Reason to think exist?; and in case it doth exist, and cap be found, will not be of any manner of Use; and, moll probably, if dilbovered, the Discoverers will never be able to get back, to give any Account thereof: And they also hope tl»ey. are nor blameable on account of there being mi Colony established within the Limits of their Charter, (ince. it is not what they had in View when the Charter

1749*

was applied for; the Country discovered not being inviting enough to encourage any Persons to go and remain there, without being paid for so doing: And- that the Petitioners observing, by the printed Votes, that the House hath under their Consideration the Trade to Hudson's Bay, and that the Merchants of Bristol, as well as the Merchants and Traders of several other Cities and Towns, have petitioned to have the Trade to Hudfotfs Bay laicfopen to all his Majesty's Subjects; beg Leave to lay before the House their Opinion, that the laying open the Trade wiH prove the Destruction of the Company, and endanger great Part, if not the Whole, of the Trade now earned on there to fall into the Hands rtf other Nations: And that the nominal Stock of the Company is 103,950; and that in case the House should judge it for the Benefit «f the Nation to lay this Trade open by Act of Parliament, and deprive them of the Rights they now legally enjoy under the said Letters Patent, cr Charter (which they hope they will not do) the Petitioners£make no Doubt of the Regard of the House to the Property of the Company; and do rely on the Justftre of the House, for ample Satisfaction to them for the lame: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to permit them to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Petitions, and in Defence of their Rights; or to grant them such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be taken into Consideration at the same time that the Report from the Committee who were appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider bow those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter; to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; is taken into Consideration: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon the said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Refo/ved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upoq the said Bill. '

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and InstruCitons throughout the said Colonies and Plantations;

The Counsel against the said Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read a Second time.

And the Petition of Eliakim Palmer Esquire, Agent for the Governor and Company of the English Colony of Connecticut in Alew England in America, was also read: And the Petii ion ol Richard Partridge, Agent for the Province of Peujiivania, was also read:

And the Petition of Richard Partridge, Agent for the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations m America, was also read:

And the Petition of the under-signed Merchants and Traders of London, was also read:

And the Petition of I Vi!Ham BoHr.n Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Province of the Bay in New

England, was also read:

And

Supply Bill; SinkiugFuod.

American Paper Cred'r.

22 Geo. II.

1° — 26

Mail

853

And the Petition of Pettpfine Fifryt Esquire, Agent St. Mary Magdalen; and through Part of a

for his Majesty's Province of South Carolina in America, Street called The; and from thence, by a Place called was also read: The Half-peny Hatch, in the Parish of St. Mary

And the Petition of Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for Bermondsey, to Mill Pond Bridge, in the Parish of Rother-his Majesty's Colony of New York in America, was also hith; and from thence to The new Half-way House, in read: the same Parish; and through Upper Rogues Lane to the

And the Counsel for Eliakim Palmer Esquire, Agent East End thereof; and likewise from the said New Halffor the Governor and Company of the English Colony of way House to the South Corner of Redhouse Lane, in the Connecticut in New England in America, were heard: Parishes of Paul and St. Nicholas Deptford; and

And a Copy of the Charter granted to the said Colony through the said Lane, and a Street called Grove Street, to by King Charles the Second, being produced; the said Lane called Upper Rogues Lane, in the said Parish

Part thereof was read, relating to the Power of the of Rotherhith; and also from the South Corner of Governor and Company of the Sid Colony to crest Ju- house Lane aforesaid, to the South End. of Butt > in dicatories, and also to make and establish Laws, for set- the said Parish of St. Paul Deptford; and for keeping the

tling the Government of the said Colony:

And a Letter from Joseph Talcott Esquire, Deputy Governor of Connecticut, to the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, dated January 12th, 17LS, relating to Paper Currency (which Letter was presented to the House upon the 22d Day of 1740) was also

read: 0

Gw

said Road in Repair for the future; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 4. Line 9. After " Esquire,' to insert Thomas " Scawen Esquire, Robert Scawen Esquire."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

And a Book, containing Acts and Laws of his Majes- agreed to by the House. ty's Colony of Connecticut in New England, having been And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, produced; Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act contained in the said Book, passed by the An Act for opening and making a new Road from the General Court or Assembly of the said Colony, in No- East End of New Street, in the Parish of St. John, South-vember 1 740, for repealing Part of an Act, passed by the to and through the several Places therein mentioned;

said Assembly in May preceding, intituled, An Act for and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future.

making and emitting Bills of public Credit, and for the Amendment of some Part thereof, was read:

And a Clause in the said Act passed in May 1740, contained.also in the said Book, was also re id:

And the Counsel for the said Eliakim Palmer Esquire having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Petitions be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, ^ater Car-to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing ontJj* Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon m c* the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors;

And then the House adjourned tiU Tomorrow and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,20 die Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

ME S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and

Bishop of: Salisbury's Estate.

preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to extend so much of the Act, of the 8th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Law relating to Actions on the Statute of Hue and Cry, as relates to Actions brought upon the Statutes therein mentioned, to all Actions to be brought against Inhabitants of Hundreds, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever.

A

JTjl Mr. Thurston,

Mr. Speaker, Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, accord- Outlawries

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by ing to Order, a Bill to ascertainand establish the Method this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treason 1 Part of the personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord Bishop and Misprision of High Treason in Scotland: And the fame

nn's

te.

Raymond's

fcftate.

Southwark Road from Nen Street.

of Salisbury for the Purchasing of Lands or Rents in Per petuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Gwynn Esquire, in the County of Devon, for railing Money to discharge his Sifters Portions, and other Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House; And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John Raymond, a Bankrupt; and for applying Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, as Part of the said Bankrupt's Estate liable to Distribution, amongst his Creditors; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for opening and making a new Road from the East End of New Street, in the Parish of St. John Southwark, along a Street called St. Saviour's Dockhead, in the Parishes of St. John in Southwark and

Vol. 25.

was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the further American Hearing of Counsel upon the Petitions against the Bill Paper Credit, to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for Richard Partridge, Agent for the Province of Pensilvania, was heard; and produced Evidence, and examined several Witnesses, in Support of the Petition of the said Richard Partridge, on behalf of the said Province.

Then the Counsel for the said Richard Agent for the Colony of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations in America, was heard; and produced Evidence in Support of the Petition of the said Richard Partridge, in behalf of the said Colony.

10 H Then

854 - i° — 3 0 M

Then the salt! Counsel was heard, in Support of the Petition of William Bollan Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Province of the Mtts Bay in England,

in behalf of the said Province.

Then the said Counsel was heard; and produced l'vi-dence in Support of the Petition of Peregrine Fur ye Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Province of South Carolina in America, in behalf of the said Province of South Carolina.

Then the Counsel for Robert Charles Esquire, Agent for his Majesty's Colony of New York in America, was heard; and produced Evidence in Supporc of the Petition of the said Robert , in behalf of the said Co-

lony.

And the Counsel being withdrawn

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

American Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Paper Credit. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-je&ions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Petition offendry Merchants and principal Inhabitants of the Town of B in the Province of Ma/fa chufetts Bay, to his Majesty, and which has been lately laid before his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ramfeate Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Harbour. from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of; and for cleansing,

amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; was committed; be further adjourned till Friday Morning next.

Import of Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Foreign Em- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon broidery. Sec. the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of foreign Embroider)', and of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silve Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts.

Land Tax, Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Commission- resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon &c ^1C for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748.

Office of Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fort-Coroner. night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jO consider further of the Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Gwrnn'* An *ngr°ffe<l Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eftaie. for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Gwynn Esquire, in the County of Devon, for railing Money to discharge his Sifters Portions, and other Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 30 die

Anno 72° Georgii IP* Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for disposing of Part of the real Estate of William Robin/on Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his Will to be sold for raising Portions for his Daughters, in order to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Bethell, Sir Wm. Yonge, Sir Hen. Marshall, Mr. bon, Mr. Wilkinson, General Onslow, Mr. Compton, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Smythe, General,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Mr. Laroche, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Prowse,

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Tracy, Sir John Turner, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Medlycott; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Su/fex, Gloucester, Worcester, and Hereford, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Import of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, E*'r*1ftn Em* upon the Bill for the more effectual preventing the lm- ro e*,*fe portation and Wear of foreign Embroidery, and of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Yonge took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Yonge reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto ;which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Vere Beauclerk, according to Order, reported, Prereating from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed. That no Counsel against the said Bill attended;

The said Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, 1 to consider of the further Report from the Committee appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery.

Ordered,

22 Geo. IL j6 — 4 ° 8$$

Water Carriage on the Thames, &c.

Lord Vane't

Ud Tax CommifiaoD-era Names, *c.

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Whittlesey

Drainage.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing F-xactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rales of Water-Carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemperamongst the Horned Cattle; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for making more frequent Return Days for the mesne Process of the Courts of the Counties Palatine of Chef ter and Lane after,

Mr. Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money upon the settled Estate of William Lord Viscount Vane, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for rectifying Mi flakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to require the Commissioners of the Land Tax to transmit, or cause to be transmitted, to the Receiver-General of the Land Tax, for each County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town, and Place, respectively, in England, Wain, and Berwick upon Tweed, or his Deputy, (at the same time that the Duplicates of the Assessments, charged, on each Parish or Place, are directed to be transmitted) a Certificate, ligned by a proper Number of the said Commissioners, of the Names of the several Collectors appointed by them, for every Parish, Town, and Place, within the County for which he is Receiver-General.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr. Spicer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to charge the Sinking Fund with the Payment of Annuities, in Discharge of Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, to the Amount therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands in the Bounds and Precincts Yot. 25.

of Whittlesey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act r0(j for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into Road«. the Town of Ross, in the County of Hereford, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bristol for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed Ro3dt* in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Bristol-, and the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and affo for repairing other Roads herein mentioned; without any Amendment s And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Settlement of for encouraging the People known by the Name of Uni- Moravians tas Fratrum, ot United Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's in An,er,c*' Colonies in America, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

naturalizing Emanuel Bowler: To which the Lords desire at the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew;

The other Order of the Day being lead;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Manning the whole House, to consider of Methods for the better Fleet; Manning of his Majesty's Fleet for the future, without Prejudice to the Trade of this Nation.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy 40 did Mali;

Anno 220 Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Vane'* for railing Money upon the settled Estate of William Estate. Lord Viscount Vane, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House had agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Felt. Harvey, Mr. Alex, Hume, Mr. St. Leonard'* Abr. Hume, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Tho. Fonercau, Mr. Philip Shoreditch Fonereau, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill S,rcets' for better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Sh Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, there; and regulating the nightly Watch and Bedel), within the said Parish; is committed.

An ingfoffed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Boitmgh-gfanted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the bridge Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High £j^durbam Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York,

through Northallerton, in the same County, to bridge, on the River Tees, and from thence through

Darlington,

8$<S

Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for making the same more effectual; was fead the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for exempting Horses and other Cattle from the Tolls; and for lessening the Tolls to be taken at certain Gates:

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up:

Then the said Clause was read the Third time, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croftbridge, on the River Tees, and from thence, through , in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for making the same more effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Raymond's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ate* for Sale of Part of the settled F.state of Raymond, a Bankrupt; and for applying Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, as Part of the said Bankrupt's Estate liable to Distribution, Amongst his Creditors; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled as (herein is mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Williams' Sir Cordel Firebrace reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Sir John Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein

mentioned; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to th* Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Jt.

Ouze A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and BurgessTes, of the

Navigauon. Town of Cambridge, was presented to the House, and read; set ting forth, That the Navigation from the Town and Port of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, is of great Importance, by the Rivers of the Great Ouze and Grant, to the said Town of Cambridge, and many of the neighbouring Counties trading thereto, as they are supplied by it with Coals, Salt, and all Sorts of foreign Merchandize, and by exporting from thence, into foreign Parts, not only great Quantities of Corn, and other Commodities, but all'o by supplying and receiving, as Occasion requires, from all our national Ports, Corn and all Kinds of Merchandize, to the great Improvement of his Majesty's Revenue, the Increase of Trade and Navigation, with the singular and known Advantages arising from a free Correspondence: And that a Bill is depending in the House for preserving and improving the Navigation of the said River 0»z£, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen to hale with Horses on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the Banks fp haled upon: And therefore praying, as such Trade and Navigation cannot be carried on without such Haling, That the said Bill may pass into a Law, under such Regulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the skid Bill be read a Second time.

16

1749.

Sir William Yonge, according to Order, reported, from Import the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing the importation and Wearoffo- 01 cr>' c-reign Embroidery, and of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Bethell presented to the House accord- Africaa ing to Order, a Bill for extending and improving the Trade Trade, to Africa: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The other Order of the Day being read, for taking into Trade Consideration the Report from the Committee, who were to appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there, and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; and also the several Petitions, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Hudson's Bay;

Ordered, That the said Report, with the Appendix, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House:

Ordered, That the said Petitions relating to the Trade to Hudson's Bay, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Governor and Company of Adventurers of England, trading into Hudson's Bay, to be heard, if they think fit, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the other Petitioners, who have petitioned this House in relation to the said Trade, to be heard, if they1 think fit, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Petition of the Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudson's Bay.

Ordered, That the several Books and Papers, together with the Maps and Charts, produced before the said Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries, which were, phrfuant to the Order of the House, brought before the House upon the

16th Day of April last, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will now resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.

Mail

American

Paper Credit.

Bowler'*

Nat.

William*'

Estate.

African

Company.

22 Geo II. 4" — 50 Mali.

Mr. Prowse reported fropa.'the. Committee, That they

had made some Piogtefs in the Matters tQ them referred* and that he wasdirested by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, ppon Monday Motor ingi next, resolve itself into.a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee, who were appointed, to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries^adjoining to Hudson's and of the Trade carried on there; and to consider how, those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and incieased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adveatur rers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to haye, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exqlufive Trade to those Countries} and the several Petitions, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Hudson's Bay.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 50 Maii;

Anno 12s Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

virtue of their, said Charter, they have on the Coast of Africa, and in the many important Forts and Castles, at their own Expence purchased and built there, as well as in their Stores, Effects, Canoe-men, and Castle-flqves,. in those Forts and Castles: And therefore, the Petitioners, fully relying on the Justice of this House that they shall not be deprived of their Property without an adequate Satisfaction, pray, That they maybe heard, by them-feives or Counsel, before the said Bill palTes this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for resuming the Ramsgate adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Qom- Harbour, mittee to whom the Bill for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, at)d preferring, the Haven of Sandwichwas committed

be now.read:

And the said Order being read accordingly:

The House resumed the adjourned Confederation of the said Report.

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

MR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and My.

Address of Tuesday last, had been presented to his Montague:

Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to Mr. Speaker,

lay before this House, pursuant to the said Address, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lady

Copy of the Petition of sundry Merchants and princi- felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lymiogton's pal Inhabitants of the Town of Boston, in the Province of Lady for discharging several Debts and In- Estate.

Massachusetts Bay, to his Majesty: cumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

And Mr. Comptroller presented to the House the said To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Copy accordingly. House: And also.

And the Title of the said Copy was read. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Post-Horse»,

The said Copy is bound up with the other Papers of to explain and amend lo much of an Act, made in the *et to

this Section. Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Mato be perused by the Members of the House. jesty's, Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of

the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler, was read the First Furniture to be let to Persons riding Post, without any time. Amendment: And also,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Statutes of

for remedying Inconveniencies which may happen by Hue and Cry. An ingrofifed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hue and Cry, for telling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory, Woods, without any Am. ndment: And also.

Lands and Hereditaments, devised by the Will of Sir The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kinoffon John Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes therein for repairing and widening the ^oad leading from the UP°" Thames

mentioned; and for laying out the Money, arising by Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, 08 s*

such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Here- to a Place allied Sheet near Petersfield, in the

ditaments to be settled in lieu thereof; was read, the County of Southampton; and also the Road from Third time. head Heath, through fane and to the

Resolved, That the Bill do pals. City of Chichester, in the county of ; without any

Ordered, That Sir Cor del pirebrace do carry the Bill to Amendment, the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath And then the Messengers withdrew, agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Trade to A Petition of the Royal Africqn Company of England, Majesty, that he will be gracioufty pleated to give Hudson's

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth* Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy Baj‘

That, in the Year 1672, King Charles the Second, by his of the Commflion granted by her late Majesty Queen

Royal Charter, granted to the Petitioners all and fingu- Anne, dated the 21st of July 1713, to Captain James lar the Regions, Countries, DominionsTerritorics, Conti- Knight, and Mr. Henry Ktlfey, for Re^qvery and pelivery

nents, Coasts, and Places, lying and being within the Li- of Hudson's Straits, and the Territories thereto belong-

mits and Bounds therein after-mentioned, to wit, being, for the Use of the Governor ana Company of

ginning at the Port of Sally, in South Barbary, inclusive. Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay. and extending from thence to Cape de Bona Esperanza, Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his inclusive, with all the Islands near adjoining to those Majesty, That he will be gracioufty pfeased to give Di-

Coasts, and comprehended within the Limits aforesaid, reftions, that there be laid before this House, the Ac*

for the Term of One thousand Years: And that, by a Bill count of the Injuries and Depredations of the French in

now depending in the House, for extending and im- Hudson's Bay, delivered to Mr. Secretary Vernon the 22d

?roving the Trade to Africa, the Petitioners areadvised, of May 1699, with the Company's Losses in the lat?

'hat they may be deprived of the Property which, by War, ora Copy thereof.

Vol. 25. 101 Mtyed*

Mail

858 50 — 8

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, the State of the same of the Hudson's Bay Company, with a Narrative

of their Sufferings by the French from their Invasions, ever since the Year 1681, left with their Excellencies the Lords Justices, the 3d of July 1699, or a Copy thereof.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Dudes on The House being informed, That Mr.' , Ge-

Coachei. neral Accomptant for the Duties upon Coaches, tsV. attended at the Door j

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the gross and net Produce of the Duties upon Coaches and other Carriages, from Lady-day 1748, to Lady-day 1749.

*" And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the1 said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House to

and Means. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, Y\\3X this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Duties on The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re-Coals, &c. solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

0 The other Order of the Day being read for the Second

Navigation. Beading of the Bill for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in: And the said Bill was read a Second timet And the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunder written, being Proprietors of the Banks or Sea-walls, adjoining to the River Ouze, between a certain Bridge, at Stowbardolph, and the Borough of King's Lynn, on behalf of themselves and the other Proprietors of the said Banks; viz. Sir Thomas Hare, Sir Robert Brown, fames Vernon, Martin Fowlkes, John Davis, John Spelman, Henry Bell, Edmund Hardwick, Esquires, John Green, Jar. Patrick, Patrick Docking, Robert Hayes, John Hall, Jonathan Jones, Thomas Field, Robert Abraham, William Chadd, Gentlemen, was also read:

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard:

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard:

' And One of the Counsel against the Bill was heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel for and against the Bill being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John

«3

A. 1749.

Turner, Mr. Churchill, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Oswald, Sir

Wm. Beauchamp Problor, Ms.Mitchell, Colonel

Mr. John Gore, Mr. Cocks, Mr. Tho. Gore, Mr. Montagu,

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Plumer, Mr.

Mr. Prowse, Nir.Cha. Townshend, Mr. Hardinge. Lord plin, Mr. West, Mr. Cha.Yorke, Mr. Alston, Sir daunt, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Herbert, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Mr. Philipfon, Mr. Chauncy Townshend, Mr. Mr.

Campbell, Mr. Hill, Colonel Abercrombie, Sir John Hind Cotton, Mr. StanWix, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Bacon-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk,

Suffolk, Cambridge, Huntingdon, Bedford, Northampton,

Bucks, Rutland, Lincoln, Leicester, Essex, and Hertford:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Six of the Clock; in the Speaker's Chamber: And all that come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the more eafyand Southwark speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of Saint Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Church, St. Mary and St.

Mary at Rotherhith, in the County of Surry, and the fe-vural Precincts and Liberties of the fame, be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyjler have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lymington's Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts and In-cumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunce> 8° die Mail;

Anno 220 Georgii II4* Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from Linen Tradr, the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, &c. attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linen, called East-CountryNarrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linens, called East-Country Narrow, Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Russia Narrow, which have been reexported to the Plantations in America, out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748; distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady-day 1743, to Christmas 1748, inclusive, upon which the Bounties, given by Two several Acts, of the 15 th and 16th, and of the 18th, of his present Majesty's Reign, have been paid; distinguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what Part thereof is Br, and what Irish: And also.

An Account of the Value of the Exports from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to from

Christmas 1722, to Christmas 1747; distinguishing how

much

aa Geo. II. 8° Mali. 859

much thereof were Goods exported by Certificate, and how much thereof were of the Product and Manufacture of this Kingdom; distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Settlement of The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Moravians Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

" Ainenc* An Act for encouraging the People known by the Name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, to settle in his Majesty's Colonies in A

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 2. Line 29, 30. Leave out " any of his Majesty's . Dominions:"

L. 30. Leave out " Kingdom," and insert " Kingdoms;" and after " Britain," insert "and:"

L. 31, 32. Leave out *' Dominion of " or Town of Berwick upon Tweed

P. 4. L. 10. Leave out the First " the," and insert " some;" and after " Bishop," insert " of the said " Church

L. x 1. Leave out "as," and insert " who :"

L. 12. Leave out from " made," to " and"

L. 17. and insert "and shall be Examined concerning the " Matters contained in the said Certificate, and the due " Execution thereof; and such Person lb affirming to " the best of his Knowlege and Belief in manner herein " before mentioned, or proving by the Testimony of " other legal Witness, That the said Certificate was duly " executed by such Bishop or Pallor; and also affirming,

That he is actually a Member of the said Church known " by the Name of Unita Fratrum, or United Brethren, " shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken, to be actually a " Member of the said Church or Congregation: And be " it further F.nafted, That any Person who shall be lawfully convicted of having wilfully, falsely, and corrupt ly, affirmed or declared, in Manner aforesaid. That " such Certificate was duly executed, or that he is a Meml?er of such Church, when, in fast, such Affirmation is " untrue, such Person so falsely affirming, and being duly " convicted thereof, shall incur the same Pains and Penalties, as, by the Law and Statutes of this Realm, are " enacted against Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt " Perjury."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe docariy the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Import of An ingrafted Bill for the more effectual preventing foreign Em- the Importation and Wear of foreign Embroidery, and of broidery, he.Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. Line 2. Leave out " and:"

Line 3. After " Fringe," insert " and Bro-

" cade."

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of foreign Embroidery and Brocade, and of Gold and Silver Tnread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Vol. 25.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Raymond's for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John Raymond, a Estate. Bankrupt; and for applying Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, as Part of the said Bankrupt's Estate liable to Distribution, amongst his Creditors; and for laying out the Rdidue in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Barrington, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Tho. Gore, Lord Dupplin, Sir Mordaunt. Sir Cha. Kemys Tynte, Lord Harley, Mr. Laf-cells, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Hay, Mr. , Mr. West, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Frankland, Mr.

Ridley, Mr. Willes, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Sir John

Lord Parker, Mr. McKenfte, Lord Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Morton, Mr. Martin, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Pitts, Mr. Gray, Mr. Townshend, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bohun, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Gybbott,

Mr. Ajbe, Sir John Ramsden-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, and Essex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gv> yn'» for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Gwyn Esquire, in Estate. the County of Devon, for railing Money to discharge his Sifters Portions, and other Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Powlett, Sir Cha. Key. Tynte, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Affleck, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr Si Thomas, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lyfler, Mr.

Clayton, Mr. Willes, Lord Harley, Mr. Bathurst, Sir John Barrington, Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Gage,

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gulfton, Mr. Winnington, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. West, Mr. Leftie, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Lafcells,

Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Mr. Carzon, Mr.

Bohun, Mr. Amyand, Sir Wm. Tonge, Sir John Ramsden,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Kent, Mr. Vaughan,

Admiral Vernon, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ashe, Lord Doner aile, Lord Parker; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset,

Dorset, and Glamorgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to ascertain and establish the Method of proceed- Outlawries ing to and upon Outlawries for High Treason and Mif- for Treason prifion of High Treason in Scotland, was read a Second 111 Scotland, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved. That the Petition of James Raddiffe'* Bartholomew Radcliffe, commonly called Lord Kenaird, eldest Son of Charles Radcliffe Esquire, deceased, by the ate*' Right Honourable Charlotte Countess of Newbrugk, and of the said Charlotte Countess of Newbrugh, for and on the behalf of James Clement Radcliffe, her youngest Son, and Charlotte Radcliffe, Barbara Radcliffe, and Mary Radcliffe, her Daughters, by the said Charles Radcliffe (which was presented to the House upon the 9th Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table) might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mr.

Trade to HudfonMJay,

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

Land Tax Commissioners Names &c.

Manning the Fleet.

Duties on Coal?, &ct

6o 8° — 90 A. 1749.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer* by his Majesty's command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty is willing and desirous, and does give his Consent, That the House may make whatever Disposition and Settlement they shall think fit, of the interest his Majesty has or may have in the Estates mentioned in the said Petition, (o as the same be for the Use and Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, with the Allowance which shall be thought

proper to be made thereout, for the Relief of the Children of the late Charles Radcliffe.

Ordered, That what Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer has now acquainted the House with, from his Majesty, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Petition is referred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to , and of

the Trade carried on there; and to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretended to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; and the several Petitions, presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Hudsons Bay; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Prowse took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Cha‘r-

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748; was committed; be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House to whom it was referred to consider of Methods for the better Manning of his Majesty's Fleet for the future, without Prejudice to the Trade of tbisNation, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martity 90 die Matt;

Anno 22* Georgii IP5* Regis, 1749.' Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly calling Lady Lymminglo for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Symonds, Mr. Tracy,

Mr. Willey, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Szvymmer, Mr. Bowes, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Frankland, Sir Bouchier Wray, Mr. Willes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Plum, Mr. Tasse, Mr. Ky-

nafton, Mr. Bet hell, Lord Londonderry, Mr Sandys, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Cha, Mr. Atfton,

Mr. Brereton, Mr. Cuningham, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Nassau, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Greville, Mr. Maitland, Lord Gage, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Webb, Mr. Nugent, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Grey, Colonel Stewart, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Wat. Wms. Wynne, Admiral Townshend, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Bridgman, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Bof-cawen, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Southampton, Leicester, Rutland, and Middlesex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Colleton, Sir Bouch. JVrey, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Plumptre,' Mr. Brereton, Mr. Wort ley, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Bridgeman, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Laroche, Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Grey, Mr. Bofcawcn, Mr. Bowes, Mr. South-well, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Philipfon, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Archer, Mr. Frankla, Sir Chaloner Ogle, Sir Wat. Williams Wynne, Mr. Bond, Sir Cha. Mor daunt, Mr. Sydenham, Admiral Townshend, Colonel Pelham, Mr. Winnington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining, the

Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; is committeed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to prevent certain Persons from acting as Attornies or Sollicitors at General or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace.

An ingrafted Bill, for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for deanfing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate', and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Bethell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition

Lady Lvmminj-ton's Ffctc.

Bowler'*

Nat.

Water Carriage on the Thames, & c.

Ramsgate

Harbour.

Ouze

Navigation.

22 Geo. II. 9° Ma t

A Petition as well of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of in the Counties

of Norfolk and Suffolk, as of the Land-owners, Farmers* principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Navigators, living in and near Thetford aforesaid, and trading upon the River Brandon, commonly called ‘the Ouze, between

Thetfordand a Place called the , near Brandon

Forty, in the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was present ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable 'commonly called the Rivers Brandon and divers

' Persons therein named were conllituted Commissioners for determiningallControversies, which mightarife, in relation to the Making of the said Rivers navigable, in maintaining the Navigation thereof, for settling the Rates of Carriage of Goods on the said Rivers, and for ascertaining the Satisfaction for Damages done to the Banks of the said Rivers, by haling and drawing of Vessels, navigated thereupon; and Power was given to the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, to chule other Persons, residing in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, to be Commissioners,

in the Head of such Commissioners, as should, from time to time, die: And that all the Commissioners, appointed by the said Act, have been long since dead, and that no new Commissioners have been appointed in their Head: And that some Disputes have of late arisen between the Own*, ers of Lands and Banks, adjoining to the said River, commonly called The Lesser Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called The White House, near Brandon Ferry, relating to the Haling-ways there, and other Matters concerning the said Navigation: And that the said Differences cannot be adjusted and settled by any other Means than by expensive and tedious Law Suits, un-lefsfome further Provision be made by Parliament for appointing new Commissioners, and inverting them with Power to determine all Disputes relating to, or occasioned by, the Navigation of the said River: And that the said River and Navigation go into the great River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk: And therefore praying, That Ibme Provision may be made in the Bill now depending in the House, for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the said County of Norfolk, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses, on the Banks of the said River; and for providing a reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners of the said Banks; for appointing new Commissioners for putting in Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to the Navigation of the said River commonly called The Lefjer Ouze, from Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called The White House, near Brandon Ferry; or that such other Relief may be granted as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. WHkinson, Lordy Hartington, Mr. Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Barrel, Mr. Tracy, Sir Dan. Osborne, Mr. Fane, Mr Thornton, Mr. Villiers, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Cary, Colonel Bofcazven, Mr. Amyand, Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Hay, Sir Pet. Thompson, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Richard Lloyd, Sir Cha. Key. Tynte, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Ix>rd London-

derry, Mr. Beaghan, Mr. Brere ton, Mr. Hill, Mr. Bod-vi/le, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Carmichael, Mr.

Cha. Townshend, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bethell, Sir Hum. Howarlh, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Kyffin Williams, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Ashe, Lord Bury, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Hen. Finch; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Huntingdon: And they are to meet this Afternon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Vol. 25.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the UnJT.x Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Commission-rectifying Mistakes in the Names of the Commissioners Ci 3 ^?amc*» for the Land Tax, for the Year 1748; and for appoint- c‘ ing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Land Tax, and House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1^48; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are African thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal 0,nPan>i

pany, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; representing to the House, That, although by a Bill depending in the House, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, all and every the British Forts, Settlements, and Fastorics, on the Coast of , from Cape Blanco to the Cape of Good Hope, inclusive, and all the Territories within those Limits, and the Islands thereunto adjoining, (all which now are in the Possession of the Royal African Company of England) are intended to be absolutely verted in a new Company, without any express Provision for the just Demands, or any Saving of the just Rights, of the Creditors of the said present Company, whose foie Security they are, yet such is the Reliance of the Petitioners upon the Justice, Honour, and Companion, of Parliament, that they will not attempt, by any Application for their private Interefb, anywise to retard the Progress of a Bill which the House has judged and declared necessary for the publick Good; but that, on the contrary, the Petitioners are content to refer their Dcmands to the Consideration of the House, whenever they shall think fit to enter thereupon: And that the Petitioners are, in the mean time, ready and desirous to do every Act in their Power for immediately vesting their said Security in whatever Hands the Wifclom of Parliament shall judge fit: And lotting forth. That the Petitioners, fb long since as Mayi748,represented to the said Company, in Writ- ing. That the ruinous Condition of their Forts and Settlements, their notorious Inability to support and defend them, without the Aid of Parliament, and the Indifpofi-tion of the Legislature to intrust them'with those Aids* did most evidently point out the Necessity of surrender* ing their said Possessionsto the Crown, which could alone preserve them from falling into the Hands of the Rivals of Great Britain; and therefore the Petitioners required the

laid Company immediately to make a dutiful Tender thereof to his Majesty, to whom the Petitioners, who claimed a prior Interest therein, were ready to submit and refer their Demands: And that the Petitioners, finding that the said Company, far from paying a proper Regard to such their Application, were about to fend new Officers to their Settlements in Africa, which* in the Apprehension of the Petitioners, might be attended with dangerous Consequences, not only to their Interests, but also that of the Publick, the Petitioners, in or about the Month df

June following, remonstrated to the said Company, in Writing, the Impropriety of their taking such a Step at that Time, and under their then Circumstances, without the Consent of their Creditors, or Approbation of his Ma-

10 K. jesty

African

Company,

Southwrrk Road from New-street.

Borough-bridge ro Durham Road.

iaw* retyping the Government of the Navy.

TLarl of Petei borOvi*‘g Kiiare.

7, 90 Mali. 1749.

jesty; notwithstanding which, the said new Officers have been lent away, and, as the Petitioners are informed, in a manner not warranted by the Charter of the said Company: And therefore praying the House, as well on the Publick as their private Account, That the moll speedy and effectual Measures may be taken for preserving the said Forts, Settlements, and Territories, to Great , and the Slaves

and other moveable Effects of the said Company from being embezzled or misapplied j and that the Nature and Amount of their Debts may be inquired into, examined, and fetrled, in such Manner as the House shall judge expedient t and that the Equivalent or Compensation, which the House shall be pleased to grant for the said Estates and Possessions, may be secured and applied in the First place for the Benefit of such as, upon due Inquiry and Examination, shall appear to be just and bond side Creditors; or that the House will be pleased to grant the said Creditors such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England do lay before this House, a List of the Debts claimed, and allowed as due, from the said Company; distinguishing the Times when the said Debts were contracted.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Charter granted to the said Company, by King Charles the Second.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Remonstrance from the Creditors of the said Company, touching the Surrender of their Forts and Settlements to his Majesty, delivered to the Court of Afliftants of the said Company, in or about the Month of May 1748.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House, a Copy of a Letter, or Remonstrance, from the said Creditors, or their Agents, relating to the said Company fending out new Officers or Servants to delivered to the said Court of Assistants, in or about the Month of June 1748.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and

Mr. Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the Eall End of New Street, in the Parish of St. John, Southwark, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, pasted in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of through Northallerton, in the same County, to Croft bridge, on the River ‘Tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of Durham; and for making the same more effectual} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Andrew Mitchell reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Eirl of Peterborow, or the other Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of -den and Aberdeen, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that

it appeared to the Committee, That the reversionary, Interest in the said Lands, which Lewis , heretofore

called Lord Lewis Gordon, was intitled to, is now veiled in his Majesty, by means of the Attainder of the said Lewis Gordon; and that all other Parties concerned in the Bill had given their Consent thereto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee *, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the X2th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of fVcr-cefier, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich, to Bradley Brook, in the same County j was committed:

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as Fo. #. L. «. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, in Folio 19. Line 8. whereby it was proposed to fill the Blank with the Word " Fifteen," being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Word " Fifteen" Rand Part of that Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yea,.) . ] 9*-

Tellers for rl,eN^, 5^;^' } 4*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House was moved, That Part of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from Sunning Lane End, next Twyford, to the Old Bear Inn, in Reading, in the County of Berks, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Several other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as F. L. # being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Fo. . Line , whereby it was proposed to fill the Blank with the Word " Nine," being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the Word " Nine" Hand Part of that Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for,\ V-

Teller, for the Noes, j: } 39-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause

Worcester, &c. Roads.

'BrWfh

'Fishery.

Water-Carriage on die Thame*, See

Trade to Htid'on'a Bay.

0

22 Geo. II. 90 — ioa Maii. 863

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall act as a Trustee, for executing the Powers contained in the said former Acts or this present Act, unless such Person shall be qualified in such manner as the said Clause directs:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for Ihe j 4‘t;

Tellers for the Noes, { ^h.V} 66'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Vurther Report from the Committee appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriit io* die Maii;

Anno 2a* Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

THE House was moved. That an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form; and also an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; might be read:

And the said Acts being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause to explain and amend so much of the Act, made in the 8th Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration, as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under as relates to the solemn Affirmation or Declaration to be made by the People called Quakers, instead of an Oath.

Ordered, That the Charter, Books, and Papers, produced before the Committee, appointed to inquire into the State and Condition of the Countries adjoining to Hudson's Bay, and of the Trade carried on there; and " Vot. 2$.

to consider how those Countries may be settled and improved, and the Trade and Fisheries there extended and increased; and also to inquire into the Right the Company of Adventurers trading into Hudson's Bay pretend to have, by Charter, to the Property of the Lands and exclusive Trade to those Countries; which were, pursuant to an Order of the House, brought before the House, together with several Maps and Charts, be, with the said Maps and Charts, re-delivered to the said Company.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly t

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. West took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. West reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Alderman Bethellreported from the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for disposing of Part of the real Estate of William Robinson Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his Will to be sold for railing Portions for his Daughters, in order to discharge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 12. Line 40,41. Leave out " in Divinity," and insert " of Laws

Press 1 6.Line 21. . After " them," insert " and the Heirs of such Surveyor."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Sir Peter Thompson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

Press 17. Line 24. 25. Leave out " the Regulating " and better Government of his Majesty's Navies, Ships " of War," and, instead thereof, insert " amending, " explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, " the Laws relating to the Government of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels'

P 19. L. 31. After passed," insert " and in Cafes where Sentence of Death fha 1 b: passed in any Squadron

" detached

Duties on Coal?, &c.

Lytton*

Iillate.

Bowler's

Nat.

Law* respecting tke Governmeu of the Nary

British

Fishery.

864

" detached from any other Fleet or Squadron upon a " separate Service, then such Sentence of Death (except in Cafes of Mutiny) shall not be put in Execution " but by Order of the Commander of the Fleet or

Squadron from which such Detachment shall hav^been made, or of the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral; *\ and in Cafes where Sentence of Death shall be passed in " any Court Martial held by the senior Officer of Five " or more of his Majesty's Ships which shall happen to meet together in foreign Parts, pursuant to the Power " herein before given; then such Sentence of Death (except in Cafes of Mutiny) shall not be carried into " Execution but by Order of the Lord High Admiral, " or Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord " High Admiral."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Ellis do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the further Report from the Committee appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery, the Resolutions which the said Committee of the whole House had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -That the enlarging the Whale Fishery will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom.

j Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Act of the Sixth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of the Whale Fishery carried on by his Majesty's British Subjects, and continued by an Act of the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, granting a Bounty of 20 per Ton on all Shipping employed in the Whale Fishery, be further continued for the Space of Seven Years, to commence from the Time of the Expiration of the said ,last mentioned Act.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum of Twenty Shillings per Ton, to be 'paid out of the Customs in like manner as is directed by the former Act, be granted as an additional Bounty on Shipping employed as aforesaid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Bounties of 20 and ao be granted and paid in like manner to Ships fitted out in his Majesty's Dominions in America, and discharging in Great Britain under the like Regulations.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, of the 5th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, and continued by an Act of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, be likewise further continued for the Space of Seven Years, to commence from the Time of the Expiration of the said last mentioned Act.

The Three First Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time*was, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment thereunto, agreed to by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

' Resolved, That the said Bounties of 20/. and 20 s, be

granted and paid in like manner to Ships fitted out in his Majesty's Dominions in America, and discharging in Great Britain under proper Regulations.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

22

A. 1749.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, the Lord Baltimore, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir Tonge, Mr. Alderman Baker, and Sir John Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The ‘House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty 5

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of James Bartholomew Radcliffe, commonly called Lord Kenaird, eldest Sun of Charles Radcliffe Esquire, deceased, by the Right Honourable Charlotte Countess of Newbrugfi, and of the said Charlotte Countess of brugh for and on the Behalf of James Clement Radcliffe her youngest Son, and Charlotte Radcliffe, Barbara Radcliffe, and Mary Radcliffe, her Daughters by the said Charles Radcliffe; and also of what Mr. Chancellor of the

Exchequer did, upon Monday last, acquaint the House with from his Majesty, in relation to the Estates mentioned in the said Petition.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Methods for the better Manning of his Majesty's Fleet for the future, without Prejudice to the Trade of this Nation, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

iO° M

Anreriiri Paper Crecir*

Supply.

Way* and Means*

Radcliffe's

forfeited

Estates,

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Manning the Fleet

22 Geo. II

11° Mali.

Jovis, ii®;

Anno 22* Georgii IIJ' Regis, 1^49,

t.vtjr

Lpiinjtoo*,

Etui*.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Sir George Fandeput Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Creditor of Lord Lymington, named in the Bill, now depending in the House, for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to a considerable Amount; and that Part of the Debt due to the Petitioner from his Lordship is secured to him by a Judgment affecting his Lordship's Estate in the Premises comprised in the said Bill; and the Petitioner is advised, and conceives, that if the said Bill should pals into a Law, he will thereby be very much injured: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may ailed him; or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committal; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in tavour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ditto. A Petition of Abel Walter Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is advised, and conceives, that if the Bill, now depending in the House, for felling the settled Estate of,

commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging faveral Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; should pass into a Law, as it now Hands, he will be very much injured in his Property: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may afteft him; or that lie may have such other Relief in the Premises as to' the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fiJeration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks lit.

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

P reveling An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Mischiefs which may

Mrfchiefli happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in

any one Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gun-F°wder- powder together from one Place to another, was read the

Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 4. L. i<S, 17. Leave out " exceeding the respect* tive Quantities before-mentioned."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any one Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from one Place to another.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smit/ifon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Duties oa Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do make the Report, which CpoJa. Ac. was ordered to be made this Day, from the Committee

1 VoL. 25.

86$

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm, anti Cinders, exported beyond Sea, was committed.

Mr. Bowes accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee bid made to the Bill; and which he was directed to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the - Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ievcrally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrafted Bill, Aom the Lord?, intituled, An Act Earl o to enable Charles Earl of Peterborough, or the Heirs of ^cr" , Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Kinearden and

Aberdeen, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was reia the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Mitchell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Hdufe hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lytton's for disposing of Part of the real Estate of William Robinson Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his Will to be sold for railing Portions for Itis Daughters, in order to dil'charge Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Betheil do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this IrWh Lined House, an Account of the Quantities of Linen im- imported, ported into England, for Seven Years, to last,

distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the Gentlemen BritiOa who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to wlv m it was referred to consider of the further Report from the Committee appointed to consider of, and report to*the*

House, the State of the British Fishery, and then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for naturalizing such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain Number of Years on board such Ships as shall be fitted out from Great Britain for the Whale Fishery.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr.

Allen:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pasted a Bill, intituled, An Act for Gfoftort annexing the Rectory of Glaston, in the County of Rut- Re"or^ land, to the Office of Mailer or Keeper of the House or College of St. Peter, in the University of Cambridge:

To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for making a free Market fof the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Fore- 1 *r *' flailing and Monopolizing of Fish; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to General Oglethorpe, Colonel Waldgrave, Sir James Lowthet, Sir If'm.

Tange, Sir Bou. Wrer, Mr. Kent, Mr. M*.

10 L Mo

866

ii° Maii.

A. 1749.

Mr, Barbor, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Mr. Fane, Sir Hugh all Cales where an Oath is required by the Bill, Quakers

Smithson, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Colleton, Lord Egmont, Mr. should be allowed to give their Affirmation:

Hume, Mr. Hilt, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Baker, Lod Baltimore, And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which Mt. Brereton, Mr. Child, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Fazackerley, was filled up:

Mr. Bayntim, Mr. Plumptre:And they are to meet Apd then the Clause was, upon the Question put there-

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's upon, agreed to by the House to be made Bait of the Chamber. Bill.

Ouxe Colonel Fitzroy Scudamore reported from the Commit-Navigadoa. tee, to whom the Petition as well of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Borough of Thetford, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, as of the Land-owners. Farmers, principal Inhabitants, Merchants, and Navigators living in and near Thelford aforesaid, and trading upon the River Brandon, commonly called The Lejfer Ouze, between Thetford and a Place called Tie White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the said Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

; to the House: and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners produced an Act of Par- , liatnent, passed in the 22d Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, whereby several Commissioners were appointed for making navigable the Rivers Brandon and Waveney, and for determining all Controversies which might arise in relation to such Navigation.

And the Journal of the House, of the First of March 1741, was produced; and the Entry of a Report upon a; Petit on from the Borough of Thetford, relating to the said Navigation, was read; in which Report it appears; That Evidence was given to the Committee, that all the Commissioners were dead at that time.

And a Member present informed your Committee, That several Disputes had arisen in regard to the Navigation of the River Brandon, commonly called The Lejfer Ouze.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preserving and improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, by impowering the Lightermen and Bargemen, navigating thereon, to hale with Horses on the Banks of the fad River; and for providing a reasonableSatisfaction to the , Owners of the said Banks; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for appointing new Commissioners for putting in Execution so much of an Act passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for making navigable the Rivers commonly called Brandon and as relates to the

Navigation of the River called from

Thetford to Brandon, and from Brandon to a Place called The White House, near Brandon Ferry, in the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk.

St. Leonard's Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to *£J*^ch whom the Bill for the better repairing the Highways; and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Saint Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Courts, there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish t was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be.true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question ftfve-rally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to I y the House:

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That in

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of the Merchants Traders of the City of "r:ti<h London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf Fl{iiery-of themselves, and others the Merchants and Traders of Great Britain, was presented to the House, and read;

representing to the House, That the Petitioners, duly re-ftefting.on his Majesty's. generous Sentiments in favour of Commerce, evidenced by his late most gracious Declaration from the Throne; and, considering it as an incumbent Duty on his loyal Subject to co-operate with his Majesty's happy Disposition for promoting the common Welfare, conceive, on a mature and deliberate Inquiry into the Nature of the British Herring and Island Cod Fisheries, that the fame, under properEncouragement, may be carried on with eminent Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms j and, if established on right Principles, conducted with Skill and Integrity, and powerfully supported, is capable of answering every beneficial Purpose that can be proposed by any newScheme of Commerce, the Civilizing of his Majesty's Highland Subjects, the Increasing of the Vent of our Staple Manufactures, the Multiplying of Seamen, the employing a vast Number offndustrious, and otherwise helpless Boor, lessening the Parochial Incumbrances, easing the publick Taxes, and improving the national Wealth: And therefore praying the House to give.such Encouragement for carrying into Execution this invaluable Brapch of Commerce, in such Form and Manner, as. to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee appointed to considerof, and report to the House; the State of die British Fishery: And that they doexamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the.House,

Mr. Fane, according to Order; reported, from the RaddiflVs Committee of the whole HoUfe, to whom it was referred fwfeneri to consider of the Petition of Jame

c/iffe, commonly called Lord K eldest ' Son of Charles Radcliffe, Esquire, deceased, by the Right Honourable Charlotte Countess of Newbrugh, and of the said Charlotte Countess of New hr ugh for and on the behalf of James Clement Radcliffe her youngest Son, and Charlotte RadcliffeBarbara Radcliffe, and Mary . her

Daughters by the said Charles Radcliffe; atftf Also of what---_

'Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer did, upon Monday last,

1 acquaint the House with from his Majesty in'relation to* " the Estates mentioned in the said Petition; the Ret'olu-tion which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place ;: and afterwards delivered in.at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several forfeited Estates 0 late Earl of

Derwentwaier and Charles Radcliffe, deceased, compfiied in certain Settlements dated the 24th of March 1691, and the 24th of June 1712, be verted in Trustees, for an absoluteEstate of Inheritance, for the Use and Benefit i f the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, subjecting the Eftare comprised in the said Settlement, of the 24th of 1712, to a Charge of £.30,000 to be levied and raiseci thereupon for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe, under proper Conditions, Ilestrictions, and Dirtributions.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, < was, upon the Question put thereupon,'agreed to by the

Harfife.

Ordered,

Manning the Fleet.

Outlawries for Trrafon in Scoilaad.

Irish Linen imported.

Glaston

Kedory.

22 Geo. II.

i t* — 12° Maii:

k ~

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill, pursuant to the Slid liei'clution: and that Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Burtell, and- Mr. Fane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con fid er of Methods for the better Manning of his Majesty's Fleet for the fut ure, without Prejudice to the Trade of this Nation, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion was made,- and the Question* being put. That the said Report do lie upon Table;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tdltrs for the Year?«/«. } «'

Tellers for the |uo.

So it paised in the Negative.

Then the said Refoltition was read; and is as followeth *,

viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the retaining and Securing a Number of Seamen, over and above those actually employed, by a proper Allowance of Hay, will be a Means of more Speedily Manning, his Majesty's Navy on any future Occasion, without dillreffing Trade.

The laid Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved i'tself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to ascertain and establish the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for H'gh Treason and Misprision of High Treafun in Scotland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill.and made several Amendments thereunto i which they bad directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday SeVennight.

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term fend Powers Stockton granted by an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the UP°" Jees Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High oat Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Fees, to Darlington, and from thence, through fVinston to Castle ,in the feme County; and for the more effectual amending of the feme, is committed.

i *S

An ingrossed Bill for the better Securing his Majesty's Duties oh Duties axifing upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders, escorted Coal, &c. beyond Sea, was read the Thitd time.

Resolved, That the BHl do pais: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coal, Culm, and Cinder^ exported beyond Sea.

Ordered, That Mr. Bowes do carry the Bill to Ihe Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Irish irUh Linen Linen imported into England for Seven Years, to Christ- imported. mas last, distinguishing each Year, which has been this Day presented to the House, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Palmes Robinson Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pcti- Lymington's tioner is advised and conceives, that if the Bill, now de- Estate. pending in the House, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady mington, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances;

-and for other Purposes therein mentioned; should pass into a Law, as it now stands, he will thereby be very much ,. injured in his Property: And therefore praying. That the . Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, against, Such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him; or that he may have Such other Relief in the Premises as to the- House shall Seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confident ion of the Committee, to whom the said B)ll is committed; and, that the Petitioner be heard, by His Counsel, before the Said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine.of the Clock.

Venerisy 12° Maii;

Anno 2 2* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prtaters.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantities of Irish Linen imported into England for Seven

Years, to Christmas last, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Aefcount is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory of Glaston, in the County of Rutland; to the Office of Matter or Keeper of the House or College of St. Peter, in the University of Cambridge, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane be added to the Committee, Vol. 25.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Re- Southwark covery of Small Debts within the Town and Borough Small Debt*, of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour,

Saint Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Christ-Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rather hith, in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for excepting, out of the Provisions of the Bill, Debts for Rent, or on real Contrafts or upon any thing belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court:

And the said Clause was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

The Amendments following were. Severally proposed be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. Line 31. Leave out " the," and insert " such:"

Press 2. Line 3. After " Surry," insert " as have " a Right to assemble

Line 4. Leave out " assembled :"

Line 23. After " by," insert " such Parishioners of:"

Line 24. After " videlicet,' insert " such " Parishioners of

Press 3. Line 1. Leave out " by them;"

Line 13. Leave out " by," and insert

for:"

Lir.e 21, 22. Leave out "and Record:"

Prese

868

11° — i1° Mail;

A. 1749.

Press 4. Line 5. After Bodies/' insert " or against " the5"

Line 7. Leave out " or either of them Line 8. After " Judgment," insert " or," and leave out " or Dismission

Press 5. Line 47. Leave out " or Dealing Line 29. Leave out " or Dealing

Press 6. Line 15. Leave out " recorded

Line 22. Leave Out <( any thing to the con* w trary thereof in anywise notwithstanding

Press 7. Line 2. Leave out " or," and insert " and." Line 2-9, 30. Leave out " or by his own

" Oath:"

Line % Leave out " or" and insert " and Line m After " Request," insert " for such

" Debt."

Prefs8. Line 35. Leave out " or," and insert " and

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Received, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of,

and tie several Parishes of St. St. Mary at

ington, St. Mary Magdalen Christ-Church, St.

Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at Rotkerhith, in the County of Suny, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Btlchier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Adjota-n-" Resolved,-That the House will, at the Riling of the

*ent- House this Day, adjourn till Monday Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Burroughs and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

Withech The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Road. for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and March, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, without any Amendment: And also,

Mansfield's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for k-Ciue. Sale of divers Lands and Tenements in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, deviled by the Will of Paul Mansfield, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for the Benefit of his Grandchildren: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Worcester. Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for the further enlarg-ifc. Roads, ins? the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year -of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of fVorcefitr, through the Borough of to Dyers Bridge, near Brmin the County of Wor-cefier-, and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradlty Brook, in the same County; be read the Third time upon fVednesday Sevennight.

Derwent- Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord's ingto Order,a Bill for veiling the several forfeited Estates

£flat«k °* James fete Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radc/iffe in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance for certain Ul'es; and for railing of certain Sums out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe: And the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

African Ordered, That the Petition of the Royal Com-

Companj-. pany of England, which was presented to this House on

22

Friday the 5th Day of this instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be refacred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company, on behalf of tj^mselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the Ninth Day of this instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit the Petitioners, the Royal African Company of England, to be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingossed Bill,"from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Tenements in Twicketiham, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Paul Mansfield, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for the Benefit of his Grandchildren; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, the 22d Day of this instant May, Nine or the Clock in the Morning.

Luna, 2 2 die Mali;

Anno 22* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Praybrs.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company of England, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the Debts claimed and allowed as due from the Royal African Company of England, distinguishing the Times when the said Debts were contrafted: And also,

A Copy of the Charter granted to the Royal African Company of England by King Charles the Second: And also,

A Copy of the Remonstrance from the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, touching the Surrender of their Forts and Settlements to his Majesty, delivered to the Court of Assistants of the said Company in or about the Month of May 1748: And also,

A Copy of a Letter or Remonstrance from the Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, or their Agents, relating to the said Company's lending out new Officers or Servants to Africa, delivered to the Court of

Assistants

African

Trade,

Mansfield

Estate.

Supply.

Ways and Mean.

African

Company

la Geo. II. aa°,

Assistants of the said Company in or about the Month ot June 1748.

And then he withdrew, di*

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Tobacco, The House being informed. That Mr. , Secretary See. exported to the Commissioners of the Cudoms in Scotland, attended

UnA.SC0<* at the °r»

" He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of Tobacco, Tobacco-

(laiks, and Snuff, sent from Scotland Coast-ways, for Ten

Years last pad, viz. from 1738, to Christmas

1748, distinguishing each Year, and from and to what

Ports: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Pounds and Number

of Hoelheads of Tobacco imported and exported for

Teu Years last pad, from 1738, to Christmas

1748, into and out of that Part of Great Britain allied

Scotland, distinguishingeach Year, and each Port; as also

of the net Amount of what Duty has been paid, and

what secured to be paid, with the Drawbacks thereupon

in each Port within the tunc Space of Time, distinguish-

ing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Bfatufidd's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act £dat«. for Sale of divers Linds and Tenements in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, deviled by the Will of Paul Mansfield, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for the Benefit of his Grandchildren; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane, Mr. Mostyn, Lord Coke, Mr. Mr. Conway,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Sehoyn, Mr. , Mr. Harbor, Mr.

Offiey, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Willes, Colonel Mr. Edgecumb, Sic John Turner, Mr. Heath, Mr. Sandys,

Mr. Bacon, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Mr. Lord Fere Beauclerk, Lord Hobart, Mr. Obrien, Mr. Brand, Mr. Boone, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Kent, Lord Dupplin, Lord Bury, Mr. Robin/on, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Earl, Lord Doneraile. Sir Tho. Hales, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham', and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Berks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Lady Ordered, That Lord Howe, Sir Hugh Smith/on, Mr. Lymington's McKie, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Amy and, Mr. £Hate. Wilbrabam, Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Geo. Pitt, Mr. Geo. Selwyn, Lord Hilljlorough, Sir John Peachy, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady for discharg-

ing several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Lord Dillon'* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Estate. for Sale of several Estates in the Counties of Mayo and Roscommon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, belonging to Henry late Lord Viscount for Payment of Debts;

and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read aSecond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Harris, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mr. Fane, Sir

Vol. 25.

Mali.

Wm. Tonge, Mr. West, Colonel Haldane, Lord rough. Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gwynn, Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Tho. Pitt, Earl of mont, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hume, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Hey,

Mr. Owen, Lord Marquis of Granby, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Ker, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Robin/on, Mr.

Tracy, Sir James Hamilton, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Hor.

Walpole junior, Mr. Leslie, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Conyng-ham, Mr. Colleton, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. West, Mr.

Lev. Gower, Mr. Whichcote, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Finch, Lord Parker: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five at of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House was moved, That so much of an Act, Westminster made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, Market. King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; as relates to the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; is committed;

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for the better Preservation of the Fry of Cod.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Enabling who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to Naval and enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been ^excrT in his Majesty's Service, during the late War, to exercise Trade*. Trades, That they do extend the Provisions of the said Bill to all Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, who have been in his Majesty's Service since his Accession to the Throne.

A Bill for veiling the several forfeited Estates of Derwent. James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe water'*. &c. in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance for certain Uses; and for railing of certain Sums out of Part tc#' of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe-, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole Hou<e.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, accord- Enabling ing to Order, a Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, since son, totx*-his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades: And cife Trades, the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Einen ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Boumiw.&c. House, to consider of the Bounties payable on British and Irish Linens by the Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and which are continued by a Clause in an Act of the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to leveraJ Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse

\o M Guards,

8 70

22® Mali.

t

A. 1749.

Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and forty-seven; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens.

BountittYc ^>ct*t‘on Manufacturers of Linen Cloth in the

' ' Town of Warrington, in the County of Lemcaster, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and of many others concerned in the said Manufacture, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Irish Linen Manufacture hath such very great Encouragements given to it by the Parliament of Ireland, over and above what is given in this Kingdom, that by means thereof the Irish do undersell the Petitioners; and that if the Bounties given by the British Parliament are continued to the Irish, without putting the Petitioners upon a Par with them, with regard to Bounties (which the Petitioners apprehend cannot be done without laying before the House a true State of both the British and Irish Linen Manufactures) the Petitioners mud be obliged to quit their Trade, to the utter Ruin of themselves, and of many Thousands of People depending upon the same: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of those whose Names are subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Wigan, and other Places adjacent, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, who are Dealers in the Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by an Act made in the 15th and 16th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty on foreign Cambricks imported into Great Britain, and for allowing the reout a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, a Bounty is given of One Peny for every Yard of British and Irish Linens made of Hemp or Flax, of the Value of Six Pence per Yard, and not exceeding 12 d. per Yard, and of One Half-peny for every Yard of such British and Irish Linens under the Value of 6d. per Yard, which, within the Term of Seven Years, from the 25th Day of March 1743, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should be exported out of Great Britain to Africa, America, or Portugal; and that the said Bounty was by a subsequent Act made in the 18th Year of his present Majesty, enlarged One Half-peny for every Yard of such Linens of the Value of 5 d.per Yard, and notex- ceeding 12 d. per Yard; and Three Half-penies/vr Yard for every Yard of above the Value of Yard,

and not exceeding 18 d Yard; the same to have Continuance to the End of the said Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And that the Petitioners are informed, that Application is making to Parliament for a Continuance of the said Bounty after the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years; And therefore representing to the House, That if the same be granted, it will tend to the Ruin of many Branches of the Linen Manufactures in the said County, and other Northern Counties in that Part of Great Britain called England, and to the Impoverishment of several Thousand Families which have been supported thereby; for that the Manufacturers in the Linen and Cotton Trade in those Parts have, for many Years last past, wrought up large Quantities of British and Irish (but mostly of Irish) Linen Yarn into Cheques, and other Goods, aconsiderable Part whereof have been exported to the British Plantations, and other foreign Markets, without the Aid of such Bounties as have been granted to other Branchesof the Linen Manufactory; and have still carried on the Trade, although under great Disadvantage and Discouragement, in hope that, at the End of the said Term, those Bounties would cease; but that, if the same be continued, the Manufacturers in Ireland, who have their Yarn free from the Duty of from Five to Fifteen Pounds per Cent, (in proportion to the Fineness and Value of the

Yarn) which is paid to the Crown upon the Importation thereof into this Kingdom, with the Advantage of the said Bounties, and the Enqciiragements given to them in Ireland, are enabled to give greater Prices for their Yarn than the Petitioners can afford to give, and to underfcll them so much in all foreign Markets, as in time to suppress the Trade of the Petitioners; whereby (besides the Mischiefs and inconveniencies above-mentioned) that Branch of his Majesty's Revenue arising from the Importation of Irish Yarn, will be greatly impaired, if not totally loft; and Foreigners will also gain the Opportunity of sup-plyinghis Majesty's Plantations with Cheques, and other coloured Goods, as they have formerly done; all which may be prevented, if the Linen Trade in his Majesty's Dominions may be set upon such a Footing, as to give all his Majesty's Subjects equal Advantage and Encouragement therein: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and give such Relief therein as to the House shall seem fit.

A Petition of the Manufacturers of Cheque, and other Linen Goods, and the Traders and Dealers in the Linea, Manufactory, within the Town and Parish of Mane lifter, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Parts adjacent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others the Manufacturers.Traders, and Dealers in the Linen Manufacture, within the said Town and Parish, and Parts adjacent, was also presented to the House, and read; reciting Part of the said Act made in the 15th and 16th Years of his present Majesty's Reign; and letting forth, That the Manufacturers of Manchester Goods have, for many Years last past, worked up large Quantities of British and Yarn intoCheques,

and other Goods, a considerable Part whereof hath been exported to the British Plantations in America, and other foreign Parts, without the Aid of those Bounties which have been given to the Exporters of other Branches of the Linen Manufactory; and that by the Encouragement now given, by the Parliaments of Great Britain and Ireland, to the Manufacturers of coarle Linen in Ireland, they are enabled to give greater Prices for Yarn than can be afforded by the Linen Manufacturers of this Kingdom; the Price of Yarn imported from Ireland being, since the passing the said Act, very greatly advanced; and ail Yarn exported out of Ireland being charged by the Parliament there with a Duty of One Half peny per Pound at an Average, amounting to about J. 6 Cent.: And alleging, That unless some Method is taken by Parliament to bring the Manufactures of Linen Yarn in Great Britain and Ireland upon a more equal Footing, many very considerable Branches of Trade in the Manchester way will be greatly lessened, if not entirely loft to this Nation; and that Foreigners will consequently find out Opportunities of supplying his Majesty's Colonies abroad with Cheques, and other coloured Linen Goods, as they formerly did, to the Ruin of many Thousand Families in this County, employed in such Manufactures, and who are wholly supported thereby: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein as the Nature of the same requires, and as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of th# Bounties payable on British and Irish Linen by the Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and which were continued by a Clause in an Act of the 20th Year of his present Majest'y Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private

Gentlemen

1 % Geo. II. 22* — 2$* Maii. 871

Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and for continuing the Bounties oa the Exportation of and Ir'jh coarle Linens.

Coamittees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Oatlawria Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the farTrcafoa Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to HSmdond. jfortain and establish the Method of proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treafou and Mispriiton of High Treason in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put ther upon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

The other Orders of the Day being read,

American F Th nr i, 11oule will, upon Morning

faperCredji. .-cv, u into a Committee of the whole House,

to contiaer further of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the feme being legal -. . Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions through-‘out the said Colonies and Plantations.

fi apply Bio; Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

gjntog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

'Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday aaB Mmns. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mortis, 23* Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii II41 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

Garys'* A fR. John Pitt reported from the Committee, to whom

ftftaw xv J. the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Parr of the Estate of Francis Gwyn Esquire, in the County of Devon, for railing Money to discharge his Sifters Portions, and other Incumbrances offering the feme; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; Thathe Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

- . Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to

p ^'"r, whom the Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of

Fish in the City of IVtfmitster-, and, for preventing the Vet. 25.

Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; is committed;

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to ' enable the Commissioners for bqilding a Bridge crols the River of Thames, from the New Palace Yard, in the City of Westmmfier, to the opposite Shdre, in the County of Surry, to make a Grant of a Piece of Ground, near the said Bridge, to the Trustees, to be named in the said Bill, to be used for the said intended Market, and for such Consideration as the Committee shall think proper, to be paid out of the Money to be collected by the said Trustees.

Ordered, That Mr. Berkeley. Mr. , Mr. -worth. Sir Dan. Osborne, Mr. iVhilworth, Mr. Matt. Ro- Lymington's binjon, Lord Barrington, Mr. Doddington, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Eflste. Arundel/, Mr. Gulfton, Dr. Lee, Mr. Andrew Mitchell,

Colonel Waldgrave, Mr. Fane, Lord* Mr. Ed-

win, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Selwyn senior, Mr. M'Kenfic, Mr.

Brifiow, Mr. Hay, Mr. Yorke, Lord Marquis of Granby,

Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Richards, Lord Sir Cha.

Key. Tyntc, Sir John Mordamt, Mr. Herbert, Mr.

Mr. Eliott, Lord Robert Sutton, Mr. Lord Fere

Beauclerk, Lord Panmure, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of ,commonly

called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Ordered, That the Chaplain of this House do preach chaplain to before this House, at St. Margarett's upon preach on

Monday the 29th Day of this inlianjt May. 29th May.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe from the Committee, British appointed to coniiuer ol, and report to the House, the Fishery. Slate of the British Fisherv, acquainted the House, That the Committee had considered of the Petition of the Merchants, Traders of the City of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, to them referred, and had agreed upon another Report, which they had directed him to make to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it, together with an Appendix, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report wa* read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Charter of Charles the First, was produced to your Committee, dated thfe 19th of J*ty, in the 8th Year of his Reign:

Another Charter, dated 17th of in the 10th

Year of the said King's Reign:

Another Charter, dated \ of March, 16th of Charles

the id:

And another Charter, dated the 25th of September,

29th of Charles the Second:

AH which feid Charters set forth the great Advantage that would arise to this Nation from acquiring the Herring Fishery; and that Charter of the 29th of Charles the Second, amongst other Encouragements, grants to each Dogger Boat employed in the said Fishery £. 20, to be paid out of the Customs.

To explain and continue the Proceedings in the Herring Fishery, until the Memory of Persons now alive, your Committee was obliged to have recourse to the Authority of authentick Aulhors, now in Print, who mention, That about the End of the Reign of Queen the

Dutch Herring Fishery amounted to about 145,500 Lasts in One Year, valued at about 2,665,000 Pounds Sterling.

That in the Year 1661 there tailed on? of Holland, on <he Herring Fishery, 8 or 900 Ships, and 1,500 Bufles:

And that, in the Year 1618, the Hemployed in fishwrg, on the Coast of Great Britain, 3,000 Vessels; and

50.000 Men: That, in the Year 1653, the Dutch took

300.000 Lasts of Herrings and other Salt Fish: And that, in the Year 1667, the Pensionary de fVit conceived the Herring-Fishery to have increased about One-third.

Then your Committee proceeded to examine the following Evidences:

Captain Michael fVilkms Conway, who hath afed the H&llaed-lltnfe for many Years, feid, That this is a proper

Time

87*

23* Mali.

A. 1749.

Irittth Tune to recover the British Fishery; and gave for Rea- ment for that Purpose: That an Act, of the 5 th and 6th fisheiy. son, That the Dutch have greatly benefited this War, by of William and , gives a Bounty of is. 6 A a Barrel becoming the Carriers df Europe, and therefore have, of on white Herrings» and an Act of the 9th and 10th of late Years, neglected the Herring Fishery: That they William the Third, gives a Bounty of 5 a Barrel,

have employed in the Freight Service Numbers of their on white Herrings; but this latter Bounty had not the fishing Vessels. desired Effect; for that, though the Quantity of Herrings,

James Riddle Esquire, who said, That one Mr. Fowley, fished by the increased, yet the Quality was very and others, in Partnership, set up a Herring Fishery on bad, and Frauds were discovered, which occasioned the the Coast of Scotland; but that the Dutch, as he has heard. Repeal of the said Bountyx>f 55. and md. by an Act, of dellroyed their Nets, to the Value of £.io,000, which had 5th of King George the First, intituled, An Act for intirely broke up that Partnership. recovering the Credit of the British Fishery, iSc.

Mr. Richard Baker, who had been concerned in the All the Evidences agreed. That a proper Inspection is Herring Fishery, about 14 or 15 Years ago, said, That the necessary to keep up the Goodness of the Standard of the Mailer of a Buss reported, at his Return from Fishing, Herrings: And that the said Fishery would be of the That the Dutch broke and dellroyed their Nets in such utmost Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of this a manner, that he*could not continue it; but that other- Kingdom; and fully answer the other great Advantages ways the Trade would have been of great Advantage to set forth in the Petition of the Merchants of London, in the Persons engaged: behalf of whom a Proposal was presented, which is here-

That the Herring Fishery cannot be carried on to unto annexed, N* 3.

Advantage by a lingle Buss; there mud be a Number of The Appendix, being too long to be inserted, is bound Vessels employed; nor be carried on without a proper In- up with the other Papers <5. this Session.

speftion: That great Benefits would arise from this Branch Ordered, That the said llepo't with the Appendix be

of Trade by employing the Poor of this Kingdom of all referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole Ages, and of both Sexes, in the Making of Nets, and House.

various other Employments. Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

Mr. George Walker said. He knows the Coast of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Scotland, and that the Herring Fishery might be carried to consider of the said Report and Appendix, on there to great Advantage; and, if encouraged, he

would engage very largely in it. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Africaa

Francis Grant Esquire, Merchant, said, That Herrings resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Coopts/, are about 40 s.a Barrel at Dantzick; and that they used consider of the Petition of the Royal African Company of to be about 2or. which arises from the Decrease of the England, which was presented to the House upon Friday Dutch Herring Fishery, and the total Failure of the Scotch the 5th Day of this instant May, and also of the Petition Fishery: That he has known, in One Year, exported from of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto sub- the Murray Frith, and from the Frith of Forth, 60,000 scribed. Creditors of the Royal African Company, on Barrels of Herrings, besides what was exported from the behalf of themselves and the rest of the Creditors of the West Coast of Scotland, which used to be considerable: laid Company, which was presented to the House upon That he has been, in the Year 1731, upon the Coast of Tuesday the 9th Day of this instant May;

Shetland, in order to observe the Method of the Dutch Ordered, That the Lift of the Debts claimed, and Fishing, when they had from to 500 Busses: allowed as due, from the Royal African Company of

That at Dantzick, and other Ports in the Baltick, the England, distinguishing the Times when the said Debts

Scotch Herring usually fold from is. Sd. to 4*. a Barrel werecontrafted, be referred to the said Committee, cheaper than the Dutch Herrings; the Reason of which , That the Copy of the Charter, granted to the

is, the Scotch Herrings, being caught near the Shore, and Royal African Company of England, by King Charles the in Bays, are obliged to be kept at least 12 Hours, and Second, be referred to the said Committee.

Ibmetimes longer, before they are salted: whereas the Ordered, That the Copy of the Remonstrance from the Dutch Herrings are immediately put into Salt: Creditors of the Royal African Company of,

That Shetland, is the First Station for fishing; in which touching the Surrender of their Forts and Settlements to Place the Witness has seen above 300 Dutch Busses lay: his Majesty, delivered to the Court of Assistants of the That they fish for Cod in Shetland before the Herring laid Company in or about the Month of May 1748, be Fishery begins: referred to the said Committee.

That from our Situation we are enabled to undersell Ordered, That the Copy of a Letter, or Remonstrance, other Nations: but that the Charge of fitting out a Buss from the Creditors of the Royal African Company of Eng-is beyond the Abilities of Fishermen; and as to People of or their Agents, relating to the said Company's

Property, unless encouraged, they will not undertake it: fending out new Officers, or Servants, to Africa, delivered

And, upon a further Examination, he delivered to your to the Court of Assistants of the said Company in or about Committee a Paper, which is annexed, by way of Ap- the Month of 1748, be referred to the said Compendix, N° 1. mittee.

Mr. Robert Cramond, being called, also delivered a Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Paper, which is likewise annexed, N° 2. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Peter Gorgo, being examined, said, That he Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Corn-had been well informed that there must be 14 People mittee.

employed in a Buis: That there would, besides, be a great Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Increase of Trade and Shipping, and consequently a fur- Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee, ther Employment of many Thousands of Seamen, in the That they had heard Counsel, on behalf of the Petitioners, Exportation of Fish to foreign Markets, and the Impor- the Royal African Company of England; and had made tation of Salt: And that, if this Trade was carried on to some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that a great Height, there would not be less than 100,000 he was directed by the Committee to move. That they People, of all Ages, and both Sexes, employed in the may have Leave to fit again.

various Occupations relative thereto: And that the English That this House will, upon ‘Thursday Morn-

can carry on this Trade considerably cheaper than the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Dutch; Mid, if properly inspected, produce as good Fish, House, to consider further of the said Petitions, as well cured, and be it Hamburgh, and the Baltick

Markets much sooner than the Dutch. Ordered, That Mr. Fane be added to the Committee, Stockton

That as the Kings, before the Resolution, did, by their to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers upon Tees Charters, strive to acquire the said Fishery; so, since the granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of * Resolution, they have given Parliamentary Encourage- the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the

High

22 Geo. II.

2 — 240 Man.

Linen

High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through to

Barnard-Caji/e, in the same County; and for the effectual amending of the fame; is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 24° Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii II. Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Manufacturers and Dealers in Linen and Sailcloth, in and about the City of London, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themfrlves and many others of this Kingdom, concerned in the said Trades, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed that Application is made to this House for a further Continuance of the Bounties granted upon the Exportation of British and Irish Linens, which, by the Alt now in Force, have Continuance till the Year 1751: And alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend they can make it appear. That, unlel's some further Regulations be made to put the British M an fad u re rs upon an equal Footing with the Irish, who have great Premiums, and many other Advantages allowed them by the Parliament of Ireland, many of his Majesty's Subjects in Britain will be under a Necessity of quitting their Trade, which will be the Ruin of many thousands of Poor employed in the said Manufactories: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, with relation to the Reatons and Evidence they have to offer against the further Continuance of the said Bounty on Linens; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Bounties payable on British and Irish Linens, by the Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and which were continued by a Clause in an Act of the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An^ft for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uies and Purposes therein mentioned; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horle Guards, and Three Regiments of Horle, lately reduced, fur the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and for continuing the Bounties on the Expectation of British and Irish coarse Linens: And that the Petitioners, if they think tit, be heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, before the said Committee.

Enabling A Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, Mihtarvl'er- ^wvc t>ecn *n his Majesty'* Service, since his Ac^ession f. n» n extr. to the Throne, to exercise Trades, was read a Second cifcTiaio. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, TUa.t the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolded, 'That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refulve it lu It into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Kaymond'a . The Lord Barrington reported from the Committee, to Jtfistc. whom* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John Raymond, a Bankrupt; and fur applying Part of the Money, arising Vol. 25.

by. such Sale, as Part of the said Bankrupt's Estate liable to Distribution, amongst his Creditors; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned; was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to he true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the . Committee; and that the Committee had directed him , to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gwyrm* for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Gwynn Esquire, dilate, in the County of Devon, for railing Money to discharge his Sifters Portions, and other Incumbrances affecting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Dune, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Glaston for annexing the Rectory of Glaflon, in the County of Rut-land, to the Office of Master or Keeper of the House or College of St. Peter, in the University of Cambridge, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Tracy,

Mr. Tho. Pitt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

General Onslow, Mr. Hardinge, Colonel Townshend, Mr.-

Lyjler, Mr. Cha. Townshend, Mr. , Lord Dup-

plin, Mr. Brere ton, Mr. Tho. Townshend, Mr.

Mr. Hale, Mr. L. Robinson, Mr. Hay, Mr. Carmichael,

Mr. Matt. Robinson, Mr. Vyner, Mr. , Mr. Mait-

land, Mr. M‘Kenfie, Mr. Finch, Mr. Ashe, Mr.

Sir John Rujhout, Mr. Elliot, Mr. West, Mr. , Mn Hot. Walpole junior, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Fane, Mr. Webb,

Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Belchier, Lord Luxborough, Sir John Turner, Mr. Archer, Mr. Jenyns, Sir Hen. Marshall, Mr.

Metcalfe; ^nd all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cambridge, Hertford and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker'*

Chamber,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Rill, intituled, An Act Import of for the more effectual preventing the Importation and _ Fore|§n Wear of foreign Embroidery and Brocade, and of Gold Bmbro,«erJr-and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts, without any Amendment: And also,;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act- Ramfgat# for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; Harbour, and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven-of Sandwich; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Supply* relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be iMw read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House was moved. That the Kdotutions which, upon Thursday the Thirteenth Day of last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Trade to Africa, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed, to by the House, read

accordingly; and are as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That the Trade to " Africa ought always to remain free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects,

J 10 N "

24* M

A. 1749.

" Resolved, That the Trade to Africa ought never to

be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support " and Maintenance of any Forts or Settlements there.

.M Resolved', That British Forts and Settlements on the

Coast of Africa are necessary to be maintained, as Marks of the Possession of Great Britian in those Parts j and may, under proper Management, be rendered use- ful to the Traders in general.

Resolved, That, in order to carry on the African u Tradein themost beneficial manner to thefeKingdoms,

'* all his Majesty's Subjects whatsover, trading to Africa,

be united in an open Company, without any Joint- Stock, cr Power to trade as a Corporation, under proper Regulat ions; and that the Forts and Settlements " upon the Coast of Africa be put under proper Management and Direction."

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report* when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Lord Dillon'* Ordered, That Mr. Furneffe, Mr. Mellish, Lord Inchi-ftin, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Geo. , Mr. Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Taaffe, Sir Francis , Sir

Robert Long, Mr. Alftone, Lord Gage. Mr. IF ebb, Sir Peter Warren, be added to the Committee to whom the in-crossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Estates in the Counties of Mayo and Roscommon, in the Kingdom of Ireland, belonging to Henry late Lord Viscount Dillon, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; is committed.

Wocceter, An ingrafted Bill for the further enlarging the Term Un. Roadt. and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, For repairing "the Roads from the City of ceffcr, through the Borough of to Bridge,

near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Road from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following, was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prefi 5. Line 35, 36. To leave out the Words the Reverend Master John Tottie, Archdeacon of (Vorcef-« ter:»

And the Question being put. That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The.'Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j } '

Tellers‘for ebeNo«s,{ {£ «£"*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her date Majesty Queien Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of,

through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers , near Rromfgroye, in the County of Worcester; and also for

repairing the Roads from Dyers Bridge, through the Town of Bromsgrove, to Spadc/bourne Bridge;and from Droitwich

to Bradley Brook, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandys do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- Line* solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- Byuntie*, fider of the Bounties payable on British and Irish Linens, by the Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th,

Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and which were continued by a Clause in an Act of the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sutn of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and fi r the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarle Linens.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported, paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the 20th of his Majesty, from Christmas >747, to Christmas 1748, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Bounties paid in Scotland, on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens, from the 10th of November 1747, to the 12th of 748,indufive, out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents, pursuant to a Clause in an Act passed in the 20th Year of his Majesty, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the le-veral Sorts of foreign Linen called,

Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Ruff a Narrow, which have been imported into England, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the' several Sorts of foreign Linen, called East-Country Narrow,

Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Rujffa Narrow, which have been re-exported to the Plantations in America, from Christmas 1737* to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth, exported from Lady-day 1743, to Christmas 1748, indufive, upon which the Bounties given by Two several Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, of his present Majesty'sReign, have been paid, distinguishing the Quantities exported each Year, and what Part thereof is British and what Irish, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all the Linen Cloth stamped in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the ill of November 1738, to the ill of November 1748, indufive, distinguishing the Quantities and Value annually; and also distinguishing what Part thereof is of the Value of 18 d.and under; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linens, called East-Country,

Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Rujffa Narrow, which have been imported into that Part ot Great Britain caHed Scotland, from Christmas 1737, to Christmas 1748, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of the several Sorts of foreign Linens called East-Country Narrow,

Germany Narrow, Ozenbrigs, and Rujffa Narrow, which have been re-exported to the Plantations in America-,

out

\Di

cti Gf.o. II.

240 — 25® Mail.

875

out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Christmas 1737, to Gbriftmas 1748, distinguishing each "Year, be referred to the said Committee*

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Linen Cloth exported out of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from Lady day 1743, to Christmas 1748, inclusive, upon which the Bounties, given by Two fevetal A&s of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, of his present Majesty'r Reign have been paid* distinguishing the Quan* tiiies exporttd each Year* and what Part thereof is Brit if h, and what Irish, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accotiht of the Quantities of Irish Linen, imported into England for Seven Years to lad, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee. (

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee* Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Dodington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Dodington reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counselon behalf of the Petitioners, the Manufacturers and Dealers in Linen and Sailcloth, in and about the City of London, and had examined Witnesses, and heard Evidence thereupon; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read 1 Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom-

and Means, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Whale Lieutenant-General O^/eMwpe presented to the House, Fishery. according to Order, a Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fisheryj and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain Time on board meb Ships as shall be fitted out for the Paid Fishery: And the same was received.

And then the House adjourned till To-mo Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Bowler',

Nat.

yovhy 2 50 die Maii;

Anno 22® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Emanuel was read the Third

time. ' 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Peter do carry the ?ill

to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Stockton Mr. Lambtonreported from the Committee, to whom

KTc Bill lor enlarging the Term and Powers granted by

an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon lees to,

and from thence, through IVitflon, to Barnard-Castle, in the same County; and for the effectually amending of the fame; was committed; That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Farmers, Manufacturers, and other Inhabitants, within the Hundred or District of Clever land, within the North Riding of the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them-lei ves, and allothef the Inhabitants within the said District, to them referred; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Vol. 45.

Committee had gone through the Sill, iftd tflade fevtfal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hiilt to report to the House;. and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bili, with the Amend-merits, in at the Clerk's Table 1 Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Fioufe to ®"«biuW resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon anjL,

the Bill to eriable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, -

as have been in his Majesty's Service, ftnee his Accession cife Trades. tdJhe Thrdne, to exercise Trades, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the Hdufe will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning*

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act ^IT?* for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John a ""*

Bankrupt; and for applying Part of the Money arising by such Sale, as part of the said Bankrupt's Estate liable to Distribution, amongst his Creditors; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned; was read the Third time*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Batrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Sir John Cufi reported from the Committee; to whom Water the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions Carriage on of the Occupiers of Locks atld Wears Upon the River of Thames, Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Wa- tcr-carriage upon the said Rivet; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to thfe House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questiort severally put thereupon, except One of ‘them, which was distgreed to, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House f

And an Amendment was made by the House to the '

Bill.,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted*

A Message frortt the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr*

Sawyer

Mr.Speaket;

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dutit* on for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising upon Coals, *c. Coal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Pretexting to prevent the Mischiefe which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder together from One Place to another, without any Amendment*

And

Li (ten Bounties.

r- '

.» j

Supply.

t

876 24 Mail. . 1749*

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Dodiugton, according to Order, reported, from the. Committee oFthe whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Bounties payable on and Irish Linens, by the Acts of the 15 th and t6th, and of the 18th, Yean of his present Majesty's Reign, and which were continued by a Clause in an Act of the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned) and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for defraying the Charge of the Allowances to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Three Regiments of Horse, lately reduced, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irish coarse Linens; the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Bounties on the Exportation of coarse Linens do continue to be paid in the like manner and under the like Regulations, as directed by the Acts of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, Years of his Majesty's Reign, from the Expiration of the said Acts for and during the further Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the same be paid out of such Part of the old Subsidies as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents; and that an Account of such Bounties, together with the Quantity of Irish coarse Linens intitled to the fame, be laid before this House at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, in order to the replacing the same out of the next . Aids to be granted in Parliament.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Bounties on the Exportation of British coarse Linens do continue to be paid in the like manner, and under the like Regulations, as directed by the Act* of the 15th and 16th, and of the 18th, Years of his Majesty's Reign, from the Expiration of the said Acts for and during the further Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that the same be paid out of such Part of the old Subsidies as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents; and that an Account of suchBounties, together with the Quantity of British coarse Linens intitled to the fame, be laid before this . House at the Beginning of every Session of Parliament, in order to the replacing the feme out of the next Aids to be granted in Parliament.

The, said Resolutions, being severally read, a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sutp of Money out of the Sinking Fund,

for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes there-ih'mentioned; is committed , That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolu-.rtions.,

f .

Mr. Fane, according $0 Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

18

That it shall and may be lawful for his Majesty to issue and apply any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceedTen. thousand Pounds, out of the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, towards the Support of the Trade to Africa, in such manner as his Majesty shall judge proper.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Three hundred and Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, for the Year *749-

The feid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money^out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1749; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; is committed; That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the First of the said last mentioned Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Creighton do. Tomorrow Morning, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hill do attend the said Commit-

tec at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Roberts do attend the said Committee, at the feme Time.

Ordered, That Mr. King do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargment of the Whale Fishery; and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain Time on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery; was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Spence, Secretary to the Royal African Company of England, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he was ordered, by the said Company, to lay before the House, a Proposal of the Royal African Company of England.

And he delivered in the said Proposel.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Proposal was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To the Honourable the Commons ®f Great Britain, ' in Parliament assembled:

The humble Proposel of the Royal African Company of England.

The Company being indebted to furidry Persons in the Sum of One hundred and Seven thousand Two hundred and Sixty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Five Pence, as appears by an Account, delivered in to this Honourable House the Twenty-second of this Instant, pursuant to their Order; and having been heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for extending and improving t he Trade to Africa, with respect to their Property, humbly hope and rely. That they have made it appear that they have an undoubted Right to the Lands granted by their Charter, and to the Forts and Castles by them purchased and built thereon.

But the said Company, being willing and desirous to do and contribute all in their Powerto facilitate such Measures as this Honourable House, in their great Wisdom, shall judge most proper to be taken, for extending and improving the said Trade, and for preserving the same to Posterity, do, in the most humble and dutiful Manner, beg Leave to

African

Trade.

Whale

FiOierjr*

African

Company.

2i Geo. II.

25' — 2 <5° Mali. 877

offer the immediate Surrender of their- Charter, Forts, Castles, and other Property, in Africa, of what Nature or Kind soever, upon the Foot of the following Propofol: The Proposal.

That this Honourable House will be pleased to make Provision for the Payment of all such of the Company's Debts as shall appear to be justly due; and that all such Debts be either paid in Money, of by Annuities, at the Rate of Three per Cent, to commence from the Thirty-first:

of March last, redeemable by Parliament:

And also to grant unto the Company the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, to be paid and divided amongst the Proprietors of the Stock, in proportion to their respective Interest therein, or an Annuity for the said Twenty-five thousand Pounds per Cent, per re-

deemable by Parliament.

All which is most humbly (ubmitted to the Con* federation of this Honourable House.

African House,

May 25th 1749.

fly Order of the Royal African Company of England,

Rd Spence (L. S.)

Secretary.

Ordered, That the said Proposal be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, which was pre-' fenced to the House upon Friday the 5th Day of this Instant May, and also the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names ate thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 9th Day of this instant

Lrif , Mr. Colleton, reported from the Committee, to whom V£(l*u*m ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir George Fandeput Baronet; and also the Petition of Abel Walter Esquire; and also the Petition of Palmes Rob inf on Esquire j were severally referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, against the Bill, by their Counsel; and had also heard Counsel for the Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were read: and are as followed; viz.

Press 1. L 24. Leave out and by other Assurance in the Law

P. 4 L. 18. Leave out " Advowson," and insert " Advowsons:'

L. 33. Leave out Tucking stone/ and insert

Tuckington

P. 24. L. 24. Leave out " and, " and after which" insert Bill."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to American resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con-aper Credit, fojer further of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Infiructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations;

Vol. 25.

Resolved, That this House will, upon f ‘nesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of The said Bill.

The House, according to Order, refblved itself into a Iriiift Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report made upon Tuesday last, from the Committee who were

appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery, and the Appendix to the said

Report.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the-Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

lieutenant General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he wasdirefled by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave ro fit again. '

Resolved, That this House will, up n 'Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Report and Appendix.

The other Order of the Day being read *,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Twelve African of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Company. House, to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, which was presented to the House upon Friday the 5th Day of this instant May; and also of the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 9th Day of this instant May.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow.

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2 6° die Maii;

Anno 22" Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, L.a<,v' , intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of '

Catherine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Stockton granted by an Act, passed in the 20th Year of the Reign nPon Tee*, of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road lead- Ro"* ing from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington and from thence, through Wtnjion, to in

the same County; and for the effectual amending of the same; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence through Winston, to in the

some County; and for the effectual amending of the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargement Whale of the Whale Fishery; and for continuing such Laws as Kfheiy. are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain Time on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

10 O Resolved,

Supply Bill;

Sinking Fund.

878

z6' Mail.

> R^/vA/, That"th»s-Hotife wills Opoh Tuesday Mornibg ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill. '

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred , and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, and ocher Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

The House was moved, That the Sixth Resolution, which, upon Monday the 17th Day of April last, was reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand

" Thirty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, out of the Monies or Savings, arising from the Money granted by Parliament for the Relief and Provision of the Widows of Officers, who " have been killed or died in the Service, for defraying " the Charge of the Off-reckonings belonging to the late " Third and Fourth Troops of Horse Guards, reduced, and Allowances to private Gentlemen of the said " Troops, on their retiring from the Service, for the " Year 1749."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed. That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into aCommittee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he wa3 directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, at half an Hour after Two of the Clock this Afternoon, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A. 1749.

Royal AiTcnt to the several publicic and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to charge the Sinking Fund with the Payment of Annuities, in Discharge of Navy, Victualling, and Transport, Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, to the Atnount therein mentioned:

An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for establishing a General Post-Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, as relates to Horses or Furniture to be lett to Persons riding Poll:

An Act for the more effectual preventing the Importation and Wear of foreign Embroidery and Brocade, and of Gold and Silver Thread Lace, or other Work made of Gold or Silver Wire, manufactured in foreign Parts:

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fuliian, Cct-ton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages:.

An Act for remedying Inconveniencies which happen by Proceedings in Actions on the Statutes of Hus and Cry:

An Act for amending, explaining, and reducing into One Act of Parliament, the Laws relating to the Go-' vernment of his Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Forces by Sea:

An Act for encouraging the People known by the Name of Unitas Fratrum, or United Brethren, to fetde iu

his Majesty's Colonies in America:

An Act for making an authentick Roll of Valuation for the Shire of Argyll:

An Act for explaining and amending an Act, passed in the Seventeenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising and establishing a Fund fora Provision for the Widows and Children of the Ministers of the Church of Scotland, and of the Heads, Principals, and Mailers, of the Universities of Saint Andrew's, Glas-. gow, and Edinburgh:

An Act for the better ascertaining, recovering, and col lesting certain Duties, commonly called Petty Customs, or Wharfage, payable upon the Importation and Exportation of Goods and Merchandizes into or out of the Harbour of the Borough and Town of Way mouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset-, and also of Ballast and Harbour Duties payable in respect of Ships and Vessels coming into and going out of the said Harbour; and for the better repairing and keeping in Repair the said Harbour, and the Wharfs, and other publick Buildings and Works, within the said Borough and Town:

An Act for enlarging and maintaining the Harbour of Ramsgate; and for cleansing, amending, and preserving, the Haven of Sandwich:

Royal A (Tent A Message by the Honourable Mr. Gentle-

to Bill*. man-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized, by virtue of his Majesty'* Commission, for declaring his Royal Assent to several Acts, agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission tead.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords, authorized, by virtue of his Majesty's Commission as afore-mentioned, had been at the House of , Peers: Where a Commission, under the Great Seal, was read; impowering his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, his Royal Highncls the Duke of the Lord Archbishop of Cantethe Lord High Chancellor, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the

An Act for the better securing his Majesty's Duties arising uponCoal, Culm, and Cinders, exported beyond Sea: An Act to prevent the Mischiefs which may happen by keeping too great Quantities of Gunpowder in any One Place, or carrying too great Quantities of Gunpowder to- gether from One Place to another.: i 1 .

An Act for making more effectual an Act, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froomc\ and for cleansing, paving, and enlightening, the Streets of the City of (o tar as the same Act relates to the paving and enlightening the said Streets j and for the regulating Hackney-Coachmen, Hal-liers, Dray men, and Carters, and the Markets, and Sellers of Hay and Straw, within the said City and Liberties thereof: An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads, leading into the City of Hereford:

An

25 Geo. II.

a <J° Maii.

An Act for enlarging the Tehrt arid Powers granted by an Act, passed in th; Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, through

Northalterton, in the same County, to , on the

River ‘tees, and from thence, through Darlington, in the County of Durham, to the City of; and for

making the same more effectual:

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads leading into the Town of Rojs, in the County of -fori:

An Act for continuing Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Full, for amending the several Roads leading from the City of Brifioli and the other, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to explain and amend the same Act; and for making the said Acts more effectual; and also for repairing other Roads therein mentioned:

An Act for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames, in the County of Surry, to a Place called Sheet Bridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton; and also the Road from Hind head Heath, through Fe Lane and Midburst, to the City of Chichester, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for opening and making a new Road from the Eall End of New Street, in the Parish o work, to and through the several Places therein mentioned; and for keeping the said Road in Repair for the future:

An Act for enlarging the Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Borough-bridge, in the County of York, to , in the lame

County, and from thence to Piers Bridge on the River Tees:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a new Road, and for repairing and amending the ancient Road, between the Towns of Wisbech and , in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge:

An Act for the more effodlual draining and preserving of several Fen Lands and Field Lands, in the Bounds and Precincts of Whit liefey, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge:

An Act for diverting the Crown of the Reversion in Fee-simple of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbeach, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln; and of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and the Buildings thereon, expedlant on certain EstatesTail; and for veiling the tame in certain other Persons, therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable Charles Earl of , or the

other Heirs of Entail, to fell Lands in the Counties of Kincarden and Aberdeen, for Payment of Debts charged f hereupon; and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable the Billiop of London, or his Successors, to demise or fell the Capital Messuage or Man-lion-house called London-house, for the Benefit of the Bi-< Ihoprick of London:

An Act for applying Part of the personal Estate of Gilbert late Lord Bishop of Salisbury for the Purchasing of Lands or Rents in Perpetuity in Scotland, to be settled to several charitable Uses and Purposes in his Will mentioned:

An Act for confirming and establishing an Agreement between Henry Lord Teynham and Sir Francis Curjbn Baronet, for a Partition of the Estate of John Powell Esquire, dece ifed, and for rendering the said Agreement more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for raising Money upon the sett'ed Estate of VoL. 25.

79

William Lord Vifcoilrit Fane, for the Payment of his Royal Assenl Debts: ,oBUU-

An Act for Sale of the Inheritance of Part of the settled Estate of Charles Lord Viscount F,in the County of Devon, and in the Cotinty of Limerick, in the Kingdom of Ireland, for discharging Debts and Incumbrances; and' also for settling another Estate, in the County of Berks, in lieu thereof; and for securing a Rent-charge to Mary Viscountess Fane, as a Compensation for her Estate for Life in the Premises, in the County of Devon

An Act to enable the Making of Leases and Setts of Mines of the Estates of Sir Richard Vyv Baronet, an Infant, in the Counties of Cornwall and Devouy during his Minority:

An Act for felling the Manors, Advowson, Rectory,

Woods, Lands, and Hereditaments, deviled by the Will of Sir John Williams Knight, deceased, for the Purposes-therein mentioned; and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled in lieu thereof: ,

An Act for discharging the Estate of William Levinz Esquire, in Bilby, Ranby, and Stirrop, in the County of Nottingham, from a yearly Payment of Thirty Pounds,' given by Sir Crejfwell Levinz Knight, for charitable Uses, and for chaining the same on his Estate at Grove, in the same County: '

An Act for vesting the undivided Fifth Part of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Suffer, the'

Estate of Ebenezer Marlow, and William Marlow his Son, an Infant, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estate of Nathanael Cotton, Doctor in Physick, lying in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement:

An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the real Estate late of John Lockwood Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, for Payment of the Incumbrances charged upon the feme by virtue of, and under, his Will:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Nicholas Glynn Esquire, deceased, for d ifeharging Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for vesting the settled Estate of Walter Hawkf-worth Esquire, in the County of York, in him and his Heirs; and for settling the Manor of , in

the same County, in lieu thereof, to the like Uses:

An Act for disposing of Part of the real Estate of William Robinson Lytton Esquire, deceased, directed by his Will to be sold for raising Portions for his Daughters, in order to discharge Incumbrances afledting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Francis Gwynn Esquire, in the County of Devon, for raising Money to discharge his Sifters Portions, and other Incumbrances afledting the fame; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for the Sale of a Messuage, and certain Freehold and Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments, in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of Mary Middleton Widow, and others; and for veiling the Money, arising the reby, in Trustees, for the feme Uses to which the said-Estate now stands settled: ‘'

An Act for inclosing and dividing certain Commons and Wastes within the Manor and Parish of WatUngton, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act to enable Robert Lynch Esquire, to assume and take upon him the Name of Blojfe:

An Act for naturalizing Frederick Christopher Kempe t An Act for naturalizing Peter Auriol:

And that the Lord Archbifhap of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor, and other Lords named in the Commission, did declare and notify the Royal A fleet to those Bills accordingly.

A Message

Brereton'*

Name.

Lady Lymington9 Estate*

Outlawries for Treason xq Scotland.

Enabling Naval and Military Persons to exercise Trades.

880

26* — 2p° Mail.

A. 1749.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impoweringXiotthtt Brereton Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of: To

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved', That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert Coxe Gentleman, for and on.be-8 half of Major John Johnston, Governor of now reflding in the Kingdom of and for whom

the said Robert Coxe is Agent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said John Johnston is a Creditor by Judgment, and otherwise, of the Honourable John IVallop Esquire, commonly called Lord Husband of the Lady Lymingtonfor a considerable Sum of Money; and that the said John Johnston and the Petitioner have both been advised, and apprehend, that if the Bill depending in the House, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned j should pass ' into a Law, the said John Johnston will be in Hazard of loling his said Debt, if not thereby wholly deprived of the Means of the Recovery thereof: And therefore, on behalf of the said John Johnston, praying, That the Petitioner may be beard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, and the same may not: pass into a Law; and that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Third time: And that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same time, in favour of the said Bill against the said Petition.

An ingrossed Bill to ascertain and establish the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in Scotland, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels. 1. Line 26. Leave out " who

Press 3. Line 4. After and, " insert " aand, after "Second," insert " time:"

Line 6. After " Third," insert " time

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That, die Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An ACfc to ascertain and establish the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treason and Misprision of Treason ii. Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.Secretary at War, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable such Officers Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, since his Acceifion to the Throne to exercise Trades, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a jSecond time, one by ones and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order oi this Day, made for the

House to resolve itself, at Half an Hour after Two of Supply Bin the Clock this Afternoon, into a Committee of the whole Sinking ' House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Fund* Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1749; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuefdaj Morning next.

African

Company.

African

Trade.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, which was presented to the House upx>n Friday the Fifth Day of this instant May, and also the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Royal African Company, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday the 9th Day of this instant May.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Bethell reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into &> Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House idjourned till Monday next. Twelve of the Cluck.

Luna, 29° die Man;

Anno 22° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

S\RDERED, That the Thanks of this House be given to the Reverend Mr. Fulham, Chaplain to this House, Fulbam de> for the Sermon by him preached this Day, before this fired to House, at St. Margaret's, fVestminster; and that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Plumptre and Mr. Brereton do acquaint him therewith.

Sir Bouchier Wrey reported from the Committee, to Westmiaflw whom the Bill for making a free Market for the Sale of nih Market Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; was committed;

That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout *, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And

Dcrwcnt-water Stc. forfeited Eftat c«4

Man? fields Estate.

Brereton's

Name.

Lord Dillon's Estatei.

12 Geo. If. ip° — 300 Mail. 881

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for veiling the several forfeited Estates of James late Earl of and

Charles Radcliffe in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of

Inheritance for certain lifts; and for railing of certain Sums out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 30* die Maii;

Anno 22* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749. Praters.

MR. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Tenements in in the County of Middle [ex, devised by the Will of Mansfield, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for the Benefit of his Grandchildren; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table:

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering Brereton Esquire,

and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of,

was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Willes, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Lyfier, Mr. Owen, Mr.

Child, Mr. Barlow, Mr. Hill, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Conway, Mr. Harr if on, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Me I lift. Mr. Sir Chaloner Ogle,

Sir Peter Thompson, Mr Ridley, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Oswald,

Mr. Fane, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mcfiyn, Mr. Bathurfi, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Gwynn, Sir John Turner, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Walpole, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Burrel, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Hoblyn\ and all the Members who serve for North And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Mellish reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Estates in the Counties of Mayo and Rof-common, in the Kingdom of Ireland, belonging to Henry late Lord Viscount Dillon, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Orders of the House, concerning Notices to be given in Ireland, before any private Bill relating to Estates there be brought in, had been complied with; and that the Committee VOL. 25. __

had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and foiind the same to be true; and that' the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; except Bridget Lady Viscountels Dillon,

'and John Dillon, Son of Christopher Dillon j but that Provision is made, in the said Bill, for laving their respective Rights; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the better repairing the High- St. Leonard* ways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish of Si. Shoreditch Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for btreeU* better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Courts, there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Press 16. Line 26. To leave out in such manner as " herein after is mentioned.'

And the same was, upon the Questioit put thereupon; agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Parish o Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex; and for the better enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes,

Passages, and Courts, there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Smithson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill;

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Sinning granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of ^un<*‘ the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House J and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for making a free Market for the Sale W>flm!nfter of Fish in the City of Westminster-, and for preventing the Fish Market.

Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Fore-ftaliing and Monopolizing of Fith.

Ordered, That Lieutenant General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the I^ords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War, according to Order, reported, Derw-ent-from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the &c*

Bill for veiling the several forfeited Estates of James late e^,.

Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance for certain Uses; and for railing of certain Sums out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a

10 P Second

o

Enabling Naval and Military Person* to exercise Trades.

Worcester, ice. Roads.

African

Company.

American Paper Credit.

88a 30° Maii. / A. 1749*

Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question l severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

An ingrossed Bill to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades, was read the Th rd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eldt and Mr.

Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave to Edmund Pytts Esquire, a Member of this House, to attend their Lordships, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of Worcester, through the Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers Bridge, near Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Roads from Dyers Bridge, through the Town of Bromsgrove, to Spadejbourn Bridge-, and from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rc/o/ved, That Edmund Pytts Esquire, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called in $ And Mr. Speaker acquainted them, That the House had considered their Message j and had given Leave to Esquire, a Member of this House, to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if he thinks fit.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Alderman Bethell, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, which was presented to , the House upon Friday the 5th Day of this instant May; and also of the Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Royal African Company, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Creditors of the said Company, which was presented to the House upon 'F the 9th Day of this instant May, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and aftewards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read > and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a reasonable Compensation be given to the Royal African Company, whenever they shall be diverted of their Charter, Lands, Forts, Cattles, Slaves, and all other Eft'efts thereunto belonging; and that such Compensation thall be, in the First place, applied for and towards the Payment of the born side Creditors of the said Company.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the Eloufe.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and restrain Paper Bills of Credit, in the British Colonies and Plantations in America, and to prevent the same being legal Tenders in Payments for Money; and for the better enforcing his Majesty's Orders and Instructions throughout the said Colonies and Plantations;

Resolved, That this House wiil, upon Friday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Tenor and Amount of all the Bills of Credit which have been created and issued in the several British Colonies and Plantations in America, as well those under. Proprietors and Charters, as under his Majesty's immediate Commission and Government, that shall be then outstanding, distin* guishing the Amount of the same in each Colony or Plantation, and the respective Times when such Bills so outstanding were issued, with the Amount of the said Bills in Money of Great Britain, both at the time when such Bills were issued, and at the time of preparing the said Account; and also the Times fixed for the calling in, sinking, and discharging, such Bills, and the Funds appropriated for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The House, according to Order, refoved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider lurther of the Report, which, upon liles the 23d Day of this instant May, was made from the Committee who were appointed to consider of, and report to the House, the State of the British Fishery, and the Appendix to the said Report.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed t)ie Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the Iioute will pleaseto receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe accordingly reported, from the said Committee, the Resolution which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the carrying on the British Herring and Cod Fisheries will be of eminent Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of thele Kingdoms, and is highly worthy the Consideration of Parliament, and deserves proper Encouragement.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman Janffen, Sir James Lowther, Admiral Vernon, and Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery; and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain Time on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker

American

PapcrCr«4it

British

Fishery.

Whale

Flfliery.

Glaston

Rc&ory.

Mansfield's BAate.

Cirencester

Writ.

Lady

Lymington's

Estate.

22 Geo. II. 309 — it0 JMaii. 883

Mr. Speaker refamed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and chat he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may-have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31 0 Mail \ Anno 22* Georgii II'" Regis, 1749. Prayers.

MR. Plumer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Aql for annexing the Rectory of , in the County of Rutland, to the Office of Mailer or Keeper of the

House or College of St. Peter, in the University of Cam-^r/^e,wascoinmitted, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add,

" Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, " his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other " Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, " her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Admi- nistrators (Other than and except the said Robert " Aufienand Richard Hale, their respective Heirs and

Assigns, and the Matter or Keeper, and Fellows or " Scholars, of the said House or College of St. and " their Successors); All such Right, Title, Interest, " Claim, and Demand, of, in, or to, the said Advowson and Patronage of the Church and Redlory of Glajion aforesaid, as they, every or any of them, had " before the Palling of this Act, or could or ought to have had, in case this Act had not been made."

The said Amendment, being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Tenements in in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Paul Mansfield, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement for that Purpose; and for the Benefit of his Grandchildren; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grencefier, in the County of Gloucester, in the room of 'Thomas Master Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Robert Coxe Gentleman, who, upon Friday the 26th Day of this instant May, petitioned this House for and on behalf of Major John Johnsion, Governor of Charlemont, now refitting in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for whom the said Robert Coxe is Agent, against the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catharine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Vol. 25.

Debts and Incumhrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; have Leave to withdraw his said Petition.

Ordered, That the Orders made for hearing Counsel for and against the said Bill, at the Third Reading thereof, be discharged.

An ingrossed Bill for rectifying Mistakes in the Names Land Tax of the Commissioners for the Land Tax for the Year One Commission-thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight; and for ap- Nam«s, pointing other Persons, together with those named for the said Year, to put in Execution an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tats, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, in the County of Devon, as to the Arrears of the Lar.d Tax, and House and Window 'faxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following wci e severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P.9. L. 16. After " Fozvlerfto insert "

" Master the elder. Gentleman

P. 15. L. 29. After " Peftcad," to insert " " Barnard of Alresford

P. 19. L. 1. After " Kettle,"to insert " John Coles L. 3. After " Piper," to insert " Esquire,

" William Rowley

L. 14. After " Crefpigny," to insert "

" Baldwin Esquire

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Act for granting a Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the said Act, to put in Execution an Act for granting a Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for directing the Names of the Collectors of the said Tax to be certified to the Receivers General; and for Relief of the Borough of Honiton, as to Arrears of the Land Tax, and the House and Window Taxes, for the Years 1747 and 1748.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Supply Bill; Sum of Money out of the Sinking Fundyfor the Service of the Year 1749; and also for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of Money for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time. \

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of One million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum for defraying certain Charges and Allowances to the Officers and private Gentlemen of the reduced Troops of Horse Guards; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of British and Irijk Linens; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts,

Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed.

Ordered, That That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lady for felling the settled Estate of Catharine, commonly Lvmin^roo'; called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts and ! ate‘ Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Resolved,

African

Trade.

Blunfdon

Inclosure.

African

Trade.

Whale

Fishery.

Glaston

Keftory.

Whale

Fiftiery.

310 Mail, — 10 Junti. . 1749.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships,

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to ,was read s —

A MefTage from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common^Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Blunfdon, in the County of IVilis; and making the same more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Refo'ved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to

Africa.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery; and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain time on board such Ships ab shall be fitted out for the said Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker/efumed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° d;

Anno 22* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for annexing the Redtory of Glaston, in the County of Rutland, to the Office of Matter or Keeper of the House or College of St. P, in the University of Cambridge, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with One Amendment: To which Amendment this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery; and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such

foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain time on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of several Estates in the Counties of Mayo and Roscommon, in the K ingdom of IrelandJaelonging to late Lord Viscount Dillon, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Mellish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

P. 24. L. 13, 14. Leave out "on receiving the usual " Rules for assigning Bail Bonds:

P. 25. L. 1, 2. Leave out " which said Affidavit shall " be filed gratis."

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst: the Horned Cattle; and also for making further Regulations with Respect to Attotnies and Sollicitors; and for further preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; and for the more frequent Return of Writs in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster; and for ascertaining the Method of levying Writs of Execution against the Inhabitants of Hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make Affirmation in Cafes where an Oath is or shall be required.

Ordered, That Mr. fVilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for vetting the several forfeited Estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance for certain Uses; and for railing of certain Sums out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe-, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 30. L. last, After " Rto insert " Where-

" fore your Majesty's faithful Commons, in Parliament " assembled, do humbly beseech your Majesty, That it

may be Enacted; and :"

Press ti. L. 1. To leave out "therefore:"

And

Lord DiBooi fcftate.

Water-carriage om toe Thames, fee.

Dtrw cutwater'*, tit. forfeited Estate*.

African

Trade.

Whale

Ftfherjr.

V4uafdon

5'jciosure.

22 Geo. II. i° — 3° — 5° Junii. 885

At\<| the ftme y^eye, upoq Questiqq fcvgraHy put

thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting the several Estates of James late Earl of Derwenfwater and Charles deceased, com-

piled in several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance, for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; anc) for railing certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Rad-diffe.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to rctolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, for examining into the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements in Pofiession of the Royal African Company on the Coast of Africa, and for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hcb/yn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sneaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. HMyn reported from the Committee, That they had made some Piogrelsin the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 2° Junii;

Anno aa* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

PR AYERS.

AN ingrafted Bill for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery; and (or continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for a certain Time on board such Ships as shall befitted out for the said Fishery; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 9. L. 2i. To leave out " Affirmation," and insert " Oaths

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of tire Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws its are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for the Time therein mentioned on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing certain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of in the County of Wilis; and making the same more ^ffcftual for the Purposes therein meutioned:

Vol. 25.

And the said Amendpepts were read; and are as followeth; viz. 1 '

P. 3. L. 1. After " be," insert " made:"

L. 10. Leave out " said Prebendaries L. 11. After " Blmfdonf insert "belonging " to Thomas Eyre, Prebendary of otherwise

"worth:"

P.4. L. 20. Leave out "Grounds," and insert " Mounds:"

L. 25. Leave out " Grounds," and insert " Mounds:"

P. 6. L. 14. Before "whereas," insert "And:"

P. 13. L. 9. After " Vorda f insert " otherwise Highworth:"

L. 12. After Vorda," insert " otherwise " Highworth

L. 18. After " Vorda insert " otherwise " Highworth :"

L. 24. After " Vordaf insert " otherwise " Highworth

P. 18. L. 10. After " Vordaf insert " otherwise Highworth

P. 19. L. 3. After " Vorda," insert " otherwise highworth :"

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the African whole House, to consider further of the Bill for extending Trade, and improving the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobiyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobiyn reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe presented to the House, British according to Order, a Bui for the Encouragement of the Fishery. British \\hite Herring and Cud Fisheries: And the same was received.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe have Leave to make a Motion, it being Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 50 die Junii j

Anno 22* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Hobiyn, according to Order, reported, from the African Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Tnuie. for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, was ' committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except One of them; which was disagreed to, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

10 Q Ordered,

Worcester, Jfcc. Roads.

Lady

Lymington'a

Eftare.

Glaston

Rectory.

Britishi

Frfhery.

Brereton'a

Name.

African T rade.

886

5° — 6® Junii.

A. 1749.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the further enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of through the

Borough of Droitwich, to Dyers , near,

in the County of Worcester; and also for repairing the Roads from Dyers Bridge, through the Town of Bromf~ grove, to Spadejbouni Bridge; and from Droitwich to Bradley Brook, in the same County; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady Ly-

mington, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: Andalfo,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for annexing the Rectory of Glajton, in the County of , to the

Office of Master or Keeper of the House or College of St. Peter, in the University of Cambridge.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill for the Encouragement of the Britishi White Herring and Cod Fisheries, be now read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Teller, for «» N

Tellere for the Noes, j I'7'

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Tellers, That there were not Forty Members present, but it not being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker waited some time: And then the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and there being Forty Members present, the Question was put for adjourning the House:

And the House accordingly adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis,6° die Junii;

Anno 22° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Brerelon Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Salufbury, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill}

Frefs 11. Line 35. To leave out " as aforesaid And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa,

Stockto* upon Tecs Road.

St. Leonard'!

Shoreditch

Streets.

Ordered, That Sir William Yonge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Brereton Esquire, *m* and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Salufbury, was read t he Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the White Britishi

Herring and Cod Fisheries, was read a Second time. Fishery.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Bennet:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town of Stockton upon Tees to Darlington, and from thence, through Winston, to in the fame

County; and for the effectual amending of the fame; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better repairing the Highways, and cleansing the Streets, within the Patish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex-, and for better enlightening the

open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts, there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of One million for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum for defraying certain Charges and Allowances to the Officers and private Gentlemen of the reduced Troops of Horse Guards; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation of and Irish Linens; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets, Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for rectifyingMiftakes in the Names of several of the Commissioners appointed to put in Execution the Act for granting a Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named for the said Act, to put in Execution an Act for granting a Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for directing the Names of Collectors of the said Tax to be certified to the Receivers General; and for Relief of the Borough oiHoniton as to Arrears of the Land Tax, and the House and Window Taxes, for the Years One Thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, since his Accession to the Throne, to exercise Trades, without any Amendment: And also,

The Ldrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to ascertainand establish the Method of Proceeding to and

U|>on

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund.

Land Tax

Commission-cn' Names, Ice

Enabling Navy and Military Persont to extr-cife Trade*.

Owtlawria for Treason in Scotland.

Outlawries for Treason in Scotland.

Coach Duties hi Scotland.

Tavistock

Writ.

Westminster FiAi Market.

Southwark Smail Debts*

12 Geo. II.

6° — 90

upon Outlawries for High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in Scotland, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration:

And the said Amendments were read; and arc as follow; viz.

P. 4. L. 30. After " Treason," insert " in land;" and, after " shall," insert " as near as can " be:"

L. 31. After " like," insert "Writs:"

L 38. Leave out " such," and insert " the;" and, after " Writs," insert " herein before-mentioned:" P.5. L. 1. After "returned," insert " unlets removed by due Course of Law."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

V1 eneris, 90 Junii 5

Anno 22* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749. Praters.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of Excise in , attended

at the Door,

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Gross and Net Produce of the Duties upon Coaches, and other Carriages, from Lady day 1748, to Lady-day 1749, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for' the Borough of Tavistock, in the County of , in the room of Sir Richard Baronet; who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of One of the Clerks Comptrollers of his Majesty's House hold.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford, and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the

several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, Chrft-Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at R in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Estates of James late Earl of Dtr-VeL. 25.

wentWater and Charles Radcliffe deceased, comprised in Dern-ent-several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance, for the Benefit of the t^|lte Royal Hospital at Greenwich-, and f r railing certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Great the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Yarmouth (he Electing of a Burgets to serve in this present Parlia- Writ,

ment for the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in the room of the Honourable Charles jhend Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Southwark Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Small Debts. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recover)' of small Debts within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. Mary at Newington, St. Mary Magda1 :n Bermondsey, St.

Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary it R't her hit h in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the fame:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

P. 2 L. 8. Leave out from " of" to " which," in the 12th Line of the same Press, and insert "

L. 15. 16. Leave out " and

" Lady-day respectively," and insert " the Feast of " Easter

P. 4. L. 31, 32. Leave out " next succeeding Five " Months;" and, instead thereof, inlert " Term for " which they arc chof n Commissioners

P. 13. L. 35. After " be,' insert " by publick Notice to be given in the several Parish Churches within " the said Ditlrift, by the Parish Clerks thereof, immediately after Divine Service, on the Sunday Morning " next before such Meeting is to be held, such Sunday " being at least Four Days before the Holding of such " Meeting

L.33. After " such," insert " of the said and in the lame, and 38th Line, after " Commissioners," insert " as shall then attend."

The said. Amendments, being feverafly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Belchier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Westminster Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Market. An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Fore-flailing and Monopolizing of Fish:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

P. 7. L. 16. Leave out " Market:"

P. 8. % L. 16. After " Market," insert "and there " exposed to publick Sale:"

At the End of the Bill, add Clause A:

At the End of the Ti.le, add " and for allowing the " Sale of Fish under the Dimensions mentioned in a " Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in case the same are taken with a " Hook."

Clause A: "And whereas by an Act of th^ First " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the " First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing belli " F1Q1 taken by Foreigners, being imported into this " Kingdom; and for the Prefeivation of the Fry of Fish;

" and for the giving Leave to import Lobstersand Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for tli« better Prefer*

" vation

888 o* — 13° Junii. 1749.

" vation of Salmon in several Rivers within that Part of " this Kingdom called ;it is Enacted, That

" no Bret, Turbot, Bril, or Pearl, Codlin, Whiting, " Mullet, Bals, Plaice, Soles, or Flounders, which shall " not be of the several Lengths or Sizes therein described, " shall be fold, offered or exposed to Sale, or exchanged for any other Goods in that Part of Great Britain called " England: And whereas several of the said Fish are " taken with a Hook, and, though thrown again into the " Sea, cannot be preserved alive; Be it Enacted, by " the Authority aforelaicf, That; Fish, under such Dimensionsas are prohibited by the said recited Clause, " may be exposed to Sale, or exchanged for any other ' Goods, provided such Fish are taken with a Hook, and " so not fit or capable of being preserved alive; any " thing contained in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding."

The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time;

The House was moved. That so much of an Act, made in the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing fresh Fish, taken by Foreigners, being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; as relates to felling or exposing to Sale unfize-able Fish, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the (laid Clause, being an ingrossi d Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Title of the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hofford and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

Whale The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Fishery. for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Protestants as shall serve for the Time therein mentioned on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery; without any Amendment: And also.

Water- ' The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to carriage o.i continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the the Thames, Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River of c‘ Thames, Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of

Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining; and amending, the several Laws for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; and also for making further Regulations with respect to Attornies and Solicitors; and for further preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle;and for the more frequent Return of Writs in the Counties Palatine of and and for

ascertaining the Method of levying Writs of Execution against the Inhabitants of Hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make Affirmation in Cafes where an Oat h is or shall be required; with One Amendment: to which A mendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this . House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as folio wet h; viz.

Press 18, Line 31. After "Certificate," insert"knowing the same to be such."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Plumer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Solicitor-General do carry to the Outlawries Lords the Bill, intituled, An Act to ascertain and establish for Treafna the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for ln Scot*1",: High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in Scotland, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tuqfday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 130 die Junii;

Anno 23" Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Newport to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, Wr"‘ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Nezqpor/, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Honourable Bluet Wallop Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Donwieh Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for (he Writ, electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunwich, in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Sir George Downing Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, deceased.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Mr. Royal A (Tent Bellenden, Gentleman-Ulhor of the Black Rod: *° h*11*-

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House ot Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was p leased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for enabling his Majesty to raise a further Sum of One million for the Lies and Purposes therein mentioned; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in ^his Session of Parliament; and for applying a certain Sum for defraying certain Charges and Allowances to the Officers and private Gentlemen of the reduced Troops of Horse Guards; and for continuing the Bounties on the Exportation bi Britishand Irish Linens; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets,

Receipts, Annuity Orders, or other Orders, loft, burnt, or otherwise destroyed:

An Act for the further Encouragement and Enlargement of the Whale Fishery, and for continuing such Laws as are therein mentioned, relating thereto; and for the Naturalization of such foreign Proteftatits as shall serve for the Time therein mentioned on board such Ships as shall be fitted out for the said Fishery:

An Act for vesting the several Estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles deceased,

comprised in several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance, for the 23 Benefit

?3 Geo.-II. i$° Junii. 880

' rky*t AfTt.'t Benefit of the Royal Hospital and for

*° HUl*. raffing certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said F.'bites for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Badcliffe:

An Act for rectifying Mistakes in the Names offeveral of ti.r Commissioners appointed to put in Execution an Ai"» for grant ing a Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight; and for appointing other Commissioners, together with those named in the said Act, to put in Execution an Act for granting a Land Tax, for the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-nine; and for directing the Names of the Collectors of the said Tux to be certified to the Receivers General; and for Relief of the Borough of Hov.iton, as to Arrears of the Land Tax, and the House and Window Taxes, for the Years One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-seven and One thousand Seven hundred and Forty-eight:

An Act to enable such Officers, Mariners, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, since his Accelfian to the Throne, to excrcilcTrades:

An Act to ascertain and establish the Method of Proceeding to and upon Outlawries for High Treason and Mifprrtion of High Treason in

An Act to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of the Occupiers of l^ocks and Wears upon the River of Thames, West ward; and for ascertaining the Rites of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for continuing, explaining, and amending, the several Laws for the berter Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors; and for regulating the Price and Assize of Bread; and for j/revenring the Spieading of the Diflcmper amongst the Horned Cattle; and also for making further Regulations with rcf:>eft to Anomies and Solicitors; and for further preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattic; and for the more frequent Return of Writs in the Counties Palatine of Chester and and for ascertaining the Method of levying Writs of Execution against the Inhabitants of Hundreds; and for allowing Quakers to make Affirmation in Cafes where aa Oath is or shall be required:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Town and Borough of , and the several Parishes of St. Saviour, St. at Newington, St. Mary Magdalen B, Christ- Church, St. Mary Lambeth, and St. Mary at in the County of Surry, and the several Precincts and Liberties of the lame:

An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster \ and for preventing the Fore-flailing and Monopolizing of Fish; and for allowing the Sale c-f Fish under the Dimentsions mentioned in a Clause contained in an Act of the First Year of his late Majesty's Reign, in cate the same are taken with a Hook:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his prefer.t Majesty, for repairing the High Road leading from the Town o upon Tees to,

and from thence, through to Barnard-Castle, in

the same County; and Tor the effectual amending of the fame:

An Act for the further enlarging the Term and Powers grantee! and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Ante, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for repairing the Roads from the City of through the Borough of Droilwich, to Dyers Bridge, near B> onf^rove, in the County of Worcfier; and also for repairing tie Hoads from Dyers Bridge, through the Town of lire cn'J, to; and from

Dioineidi to Bradley Brook, in the same County:

An Act for the bctier repairing the Highways, and cleansing the S:rcet>, within the rarish of St.

Shore, lift/:,in the county of ; and for better

enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts there; and regulating the Nightly Watch and Bedels within the said Parish:

Vol. 25.

An Act for Sale of fereral Estate* in the Counties of Mayo and Ro/common, in the Kingdom of Ireland, be* longing to Henry late Lord Viscount Dillon, for Payment of Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for felling the settled Estate of Catherine, commonly called Lady Lymington, for discharging several Debts ana Incumbrances; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of John Raymond, a Bankrupt; and for applying Part of the Money, arising by such Sale, as Part of the said Bankrupt's Estate liable to Distribution amongst his Creditors; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of another Estate, to be settled as therein is mentioned:

An Act for Sale of divers Lands and Tenements in Twickenham, in the County of Middlesex, deviled by the Will of Paul Mansfield, deceased, pursuant to ajy Agreement for that Purpose; and for the Benefit of his Grand-children:

An Act for confirming and establishingcertain Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the common Fields and common Grounds in the Tything of Broad Blunjdon, in the County of Wilts; and making the feme more effectual for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for annexing the Rectory of Glaston, in the County of Rutland, to the Office of Matter or Keeper of the House or College of St. Peter, in the University of Cambridge:

An Act for authorizing and impowering Thomas Brereton Esquire, and his Heirs, to take and use the Surname of Salisbury:

An Act for naturalizing Emanuel Bowler.

After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most The King*, gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as follow- pcoch‘ eth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

1 come now to put an End to this Session of Parliament; which is become the more necessary, by reason of the advanced Season of the Year.

The definitive Treaty of Aix la ChapeUe having been, by my Order, laid belore you several Months ago, you have all been fully informed of the Terms and Conditions on which it was made; and have already had the Satife-fastion to fee them carried into Execution, by the several contracting Parties, with great Punctuality and good Faith, so far as the 'fime and Distance ot Place would admit: Nothing now remains, but to preserve and improve the Peace lo happily re-established; all the Powers concerned have declared therriselves in lo clear and friendly a Manner on this Subject, as leaves no room to doubt of their sincere Disposition to render the Peace lading in all Parts: My earned Desire to promote the Welfare of my own Subjects, and the general Tranquillity of Europe, will make me exert my Endeavours for the same good End, by steadily adhering to the Engagements 1 have entered into, and cultivating the most perfect Union and Harmony with my Allies, upon whole ready Concurrence in all proper Measures for that Purpose I have the greatest Reason to depend.

It is with great Satisfaction I have seen Part of this Session employed in Considerations for advancing the Trade and Navigation of my Kingdoms: I hope, at your next Meeting, you will be able to perfect what has now been begun, particularly by taking the proper Methods to render our nava Force the most ulefuland serviceable, which is so eh ntiai to the Protection of our Commerce, and to our Security in all Times.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

1 return you my Thanks for the Supplies you have granted me, and for the Attention you have shewn to maintain the public Credit, which I rejoice to fee in so flourishingaCondition at the End of an expensive, though necessary War: The Readiness with which you have enabled me to satisfy the Demands ofmy Allies isvery agreeable to me, and cannot fail to produce the belt Effects.

10 R My

Parliament

further

prorogued*

890 1 a° Junii. — 30 Jugujit. — 14° Septembers. A. 1749.

My Lord's and Gentlemen,

Let me recommend it to you to improve the Advantages of our present Situation for the Quiet and Stability of my Government, and the true Iftterest and Happiness of my People , and, in your several Countries, to promote such Principles and Dispositions as may be most conducive to those desirable Ends.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said,

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is his Majesty's Uoyal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued until ‘Thursday the Third Day of Atigvjl next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Thursday the Third Day of August next.

Jovis, 30 die August/; Jovis^ 14.0 die Septembris \

Anno 23* Georgii II41 Regis, 1749. Anno 23* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1749.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation j

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Birmingham, Deputy Gentleman-U (her of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 14th Day of September next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until SXhurfday the 14th Day of September next.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Birmingham, Deputy Gentleman-U(her of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up -to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until 'Thvrfday the 16th Day of November next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 16 th Day of November next.

Parliament

prorogued,

Parliament

further

prorogued*

Me Cage to too artriKl die King.

Member* lake Oath*.

dsodeftii*

Outlawries.

The King'*

Speech

reported.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of C O M M O N S.

Seir. 1749 — 1750.

Jarvis, i6° die

Anno *3* Georgii II<! Regis, 1749.

AM ES S A G E from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir li:nrj Bellenden, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Red:

Mr. Speaker*

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately; in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Several Members, returned upon new Writs, took the Oaths, and made and subsetibed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those Purposes.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing claodestine Outlawries, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended his. Majesty, in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleated to make a must gracious Speech from the Throne, to both Houses of Parliament j of which Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mistakes, obtained a Copy:. Which be read to the House; and is as followeth;

My Lords and Gentlemen,

It is with particular Pleasure that I now meet you in Parliament at a Time when the complete Re-establish-‘ ilient of a general Peace has restored to my People the Blessings of Quiet and Tranquillity, the good Effects re-fulting from hence do already appear in the flourishing Condition of our Commerce, and the Rife of the publick. Credit, which naturally lay the surest Foundations of an Increase of Strength, and of lading Prosperity, to my Kingdoms. I have not failed, this Summer, to make use of every Opportunity of cementing and securing the Peace; and it is my firm Uesolution to do every thing in my Power for the Preservation of if, and religioully to adhere to the Engagements I have entered into.

I have the Satisfaction to acquaint you, That 1 have found all the contracting Powers in the definitive Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, as well as the rest of my Allies, in the

lame good Disposition; and have no Keaton to doubt of their Concurrence in the same desirable End: It Is unnecessary forme to tell you, That nothing can contribute lb much to the Continuance and Improvement of this happy Situation of Affairs, as the effectual Supporting of that Weight and Influence which properly belong to the Crown of Great Britain.

Vot 15-

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the proper Officers to prepare, and Iky before you, the Estimates for the.Service of the entiling Year. I desire such Supplies only as shall be found necessary for the Security and Welfare of the Nation; and in that View, I must earnestly recommend to you the Maintaining of my Fleet in its full Strength; and that you would-be watchful to improve any Opportunity of putting the National Debt in a Method of being reduced with a ftrnft Regard to pobhek Faith, and private Property.

Mv Lords and Gentlemen*

I have nothing to desire of you, but that you would, with Unanimity and Dispatch, pursue such Measurrs as imy'be n:oft conducive to your own real and lifting Interest: Whatever good Laws you shall propose for the Advancement of our Trade and Navigation, and for encouraging a Spirit of Industry in all Parts of the Kingdom, will be extremely acceptable to me: And you may rest allured, That I shall always look upon the true Great-ness of my Crown, and the Stability of my Government, as inseparably united with the Happiness and Prosperity of my People.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Address on Majesty, to return his Majesty the Thanks of this House the King's for his most gracious Speech from the Throne; to con- Speech* gratulate his Majesty on the complete Re-establishment of a general Peace, whereby the Blessings of Quiet and,

Tranquillity are restored to his People; and to express our Satisfaction at the good Disposition of all his Majesty*

Allies, as well as of the contrafting Powers in the definitive Treaty of Aix la Chapelle, to continue in, and preserve, lb desirable a Situation, from whence we have not only the( comfortable Trolped of future Ease, but may likewise promise ouHelves, through the flourishing Condition of our Commerce, and the natural Rife of publick Credit, a gradual Increase of our national Strength; to acknowledge his Majesty's Wisdom in recommending to usthd Reduction of the national Debt, as an Object worthy of our most serious Attention; and to allure his Maje fry, That -we will apply ouiselves, with all possible Diligence, to find out the properest Means to accomphih lb great and necessary a Work, with the strictest Regard to publick Faith ?nd private Property 1 to promise lm Majesty, That this House will grant to his Majesty such Supplies as shall be found necelliiry, for the Security anil Welfare of the Natloh, which connot better be provided for than by maintaining the Fleet in such a Condition as may enable his Majesty to preserve that Weight and Influence which properly belong to the Crown of Great Britain; and that we will do all that in us lies to encourage a general Spirit of Industry, and for the Advancement otour Trade and Navigation; and to allure his Majesty, That his 6 flmhful

892

16° — 17" N

A.

1749.

faithful Commons are fully sensible that the present and future Happiness and Prosperity of these Kingdoms depend, under God, upon the Stability of his Majesty's Government, and the Succession established in his Royal Family.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty upon the said Resolution:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Charles Town-Jhend , Sir Dangers Osborn, Mr. Vane, Sir John

Mr. fVmi Pit A, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Fane, Sir James

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Prowje,. Mr. Gore, Sir Charles fVynd-ham, Mr. Hor. Walpole junior, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Lyttel, Lord Dupplin, Mr ton, "LardHartington, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Secretary at War, Colonel Trwnjhend, Mr. West, Lord hurfi. Sir William Yonge, Mr. , Mr. Mellish, Mr. Legge, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Attorney-General, Lord Duncannon, General Onslow, Mr. , Mr.;

Mr. James Grenville, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Mr.

Powney, Mr. Campbell, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Leigh, Lord Hobart, Sir John Barnard, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Brereton, or any Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech be referred to the said Committee.

Westminster < Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his*. Warrant to Writ. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the room of the Right I^onovirable Granville Ltvefon Gower Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount T} who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Gatton Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Writ Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough ot Gatton, in the County of Surrey, in the room of George Newland, Doctor of Laws, deceased.

Ordered, Y^t Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Denbigh, in the room of Sir W atkinWilliams Wynn Baronet, deceased.

Oxford Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the tWrit. Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Citizen, to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Oxford, in the room of Philip Herbert Esquire, deceased.;

Downtoa Ordered, That Mr. Speakerdo issue his Warrant to the Writ, Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of in the room of the Honourable Richard ‘Temple Esquire, deceased.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 170 Novembris;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Denbigh

Writ.

Grand

Committees.

Y\RD ER ED, That the Grand Committee for Religion do lit every Tuejdayin the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thurjdayin the Afternoofi, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed:

And a Committee was appointed of l/>rd Dupplin, Admiral Vernon, Mr. West, Mr. Poore, Majo Mr.

Ashe, Mr. Bacon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Frederick, Sir Charles Mordaunt, General On Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Gyb-

bon. Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Williams, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Farrington, Sir Edward Hawke, Colonel Stanwix, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Locke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. GWynne, Mr. Turner. Mr. Hill, Mr. Leveson Gower,

Mr. Talbot, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Wm. , :Mr. Fel/owes, Mr- Pollen, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Trevor,

Mr. Bulla, Mr. Med/ycot, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Tracy, Mr. James Grenville, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wodehtufe, Mr.. John Gore, Mr. Maitland,

Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Geo. Grenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gore, Mr, Charles Gore, Mr. Kent, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Robhijon, Mr. Colonel Pel-

ham, Mr. Lyfta, Mr. £o»y nghamMr. Gu/fton, Mr. Cary, Mr. Neale, Colonel Bofcawcn, Mr. Alderman Bethcll, Mr. Jeffrys, Mr. Alderman Raker, Mr. Robert Henley, &ir Wm. Yonge, Mr. Henley, Lord Barrington, General Ogle-t hor ope, Mr. Charles Yorke, Mr. Hawk. Browne, son, Mr. Hora. Walpole senior, Mr. Hora. junjor,

Mr. BrookJbank, Colonel Rockland Colonel Holmes, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Charles jhend. Admiral TownJIiend, Mr. Burrard, Mr.

Admiral Matlhewsf Mr. Barbor, Mr. Edgcombe, Sir Rabat Long, Mr. Wortley, Lord Coke, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Willes, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Dodington, Mr. Lord

Robert Sutton, Mr.' Nesbitt, Sir Francis Poole, Lofd keith, Mr. Munday, Mr. Thornton, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Henry Archer, Dr. Lee, Mr.

Mr. Earle, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Affleck, Lord Charles Duglass, Mr. Compton, Mr. Harrington, Mr.

Vyna, 1-ord Marquis of Hurting ton, Mr. Offley, Colonel Waldgrave, Lord Robat Manners, Mr. Lambe, Mr. Charlton, Sir John Cust, Lord Petasham, Mr. Ovsen, Mr. Chaffln, Mr. Ridley, Sir Dun. Sir Isham,

Mr. Glanville, Sir Danvas Osborn, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Bond, Mr. Nath. Newnham, Mr. Richard Lev. Gower, Sir Richard War. Bamffield, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Harris, Mr. Proby, Sir John Hinde Cotton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Wigley, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Browne, Mr. O' Brien, Mr.

Shirley, Sir Francis Dafflwood, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Whitworth,.Mr. Thomas Newnham, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Gray, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Leslie, Mr. Winnington: And they are to meet upon this Day Fortnight, at Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, in the Afternoon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon double Returns in the First place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions thereupon, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question any Returns, are to do it within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to make their F.ledlion by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate:

And

Committee ot Privilege*,

23 Geo. II. 17 0 Nove893

And that all Members returned upon double Returns do withdraw till their Returns are determine.

Usual Order*. Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where the House shall judge any Petition touching Elections, to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against.

Resolved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath procured himself to be cleded or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured l'o to be, by Bribery, or any other corrupt Practices, This House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Re/o/ved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof; or, directly or indirectly, hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence; the same is declared to be a high Crime and Misdemeanour: and this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Re/o/ved, That if it shall appear, that any Person hath given faste Evidence in any same before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Re/o/ved, That it is an high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern themselves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from time to time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting; and that no Person, (b taken into Custody, be discharged out of Custody, without the speciial Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back-door of the Speaker's Chamber be locked up every Morning, at the Sitting of the House and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to be locked up by him; And that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever, without Order of the House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care to clear the Speaker's Chamber every Day, before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger or Strangers into the House, or Gallery thereof while the House is fitting.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take care, that, from Eleven

of the Clock in the Morning, to One in the Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through the Streets between Temple-bar, and Westminster shall be kept free and open 1 and that no Obstruction be made by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hinder the Passage of the Members to and from this House: And that the Serjeant at Arms attending thi9*House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in waiting do take care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in -

fier hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be. no Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein, or (hereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the High Vo 1.. 25.

Bailiff of Westminster; and that he do fee the same putin Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be within the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care, that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen, attending the Members of this House, to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be dicharged out of Custody, but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the Intercepting or Losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post-Office to this House, or some other Person to be appointed by the Postmaster-General, do, for the future, every Day, during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly attend, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning, till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Riling of the House; and also on every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away; lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be font to the Postmaster-General.

Ordered, That when any Letter, or Packet, directed to this Hopfe, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the feme, and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to the House. «'

Ordered, That the Serjeant, Arms attending this House do, from time to time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, after such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the fame.

Resolved, That this House will receive no Petitions Private Bill*, for private Bills after the 18th Day of January next.

Rejo/ved, That in all Cases of controverted Elections Controverted for Counties in England and Wales, to be heard at the Elections. Bar of this Hoyfe, or before the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Petitioners do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within a convenient Time to be appointed either by the House or the Committee of Privileges and Elections, as the Matter to be heard shall be before the House, or the said Committee, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lists of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members, giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads ot Objection; and distinguishing the same against ' the Names of the Voters excepted to: And that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

10 S Ordered,

WefHow

Writ.

Address on the King's Speech.

894 170 — 18* — 20° — . 1749.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Partpigham, alias , in the County of Cornwall, in the room of William Noel Esquire;

who, sincehis Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, appointed Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly; which he read in his Place; alnd afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, return your Majesty our fin cere and hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech from the Throne.

We beg leave to congratulate your Majesty on the complete Re-establishment of a general Peace, whereby the Blessings of Tranquillity are restored to your People; and to express our Satisfaction at the good Disposition which your Majesty has found in all your Allies, as well as in the contracting Powers in the definitive Treaty of aft la Ckapelle, to continue and preserve so desirable a Situation, from whence we have not only the comfortable prof-pest of future Ease, but may likewise promise ourselves, through the flourishing Condition of our Commerce, and natural Rife of publick Credit, a gradual Increase of our national Strength.

With a Zeal and Gratitude indispensably due to the many Instances of your Majesty's paternal Affection for your People, we acknowledge your great Wisdom in recommending to us the Reduction of the national Debt, as an Object worthy of our most serious Attention; and we assure your Majesty we will apply ourselves, with all possible Diligence, to find out the properest Means to ac-complilhfo greatandneceffarya Work, with the strictest Regard to publick Faith and private Property.

This House, earnestly desirous effectually to promote the mutual and inseparable Interest of your Majesty and your People, w'li grant such Supplies to your Majesty as shall be found necessary for the Security and Welfare of the Nation, which cannot be better provided for than by maintaining the Fleet in such a Condition as may enable your Majesty to preserve that Weight and Influence which properly belong to the Crown of Great Britain: And we will do all that in us lies to encourage a general Spirit of Industry, and advance our Trade and Navigation, the Two great Sources of the Wealth and Strength of this Kingdom.

Your faithful Commons assure your Majesty they are fully sensible. That their present and future Prosperity and Happiness depend, under Gdd, upon the Stability of your Majesty's Government, and the Succession established in your Royal Family.

The said Address, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by' the House.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House, as are of his Majesty'smost Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when be will be attended by this House.

Sabbatiy 18° die;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1749.

THE Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Trip King's his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of 5^'lL Parliaments And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

considered.

Supply.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That his Ma- Time ap-jesty, having been waited upon, pursuant to the Order of P°,n.tc.d iot Yesterday, humbly to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when Addrefi? he would be attended by this House, had been pleased to appoint to be attended immediately, at his Palace of Saint fames.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lu?uzy20° die Novembris;

Anno 23* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749.

Pk a r e rs.

MR Speaker reported, that the House, upon Satur- A"0?erW

day last, attended his Majesty with their Address: K

to which is Majesty was pleased to give this most gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

I Thank you most heartily for this very kind and dutiful Address.

You may be allured of all possible Returns of Affection from me. I have nothing so much at Heart as to fee my People flourishing and happy under my Government.

The -Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply, to refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to corifider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred -to the said Committee.

Then tire House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive die feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

' ]

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Most gracious Speech to Mdrtis, 21* die Novembris 5

both Houses of Parliament, be taken into Consideration

Tomorrow Morning. Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Praters.

Morning, Nine of the Clock. f\RDThat Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Andover

to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writ for Writ, the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Southampton,

in

Sup;)!/.

Navy avid Army Ef timatei, kc.

Joly'.

Nat.

23 Geo. II. 210 — 230 Novembris. 8P5

in the room of the Right Honourable Wallop

Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Lym'tngton, deceased.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made upon Saturday last, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had ciirented him to report to the House'; which he read in his Plade; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, NemineContradicente, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1750, with the Half-pay of the Officers of the Navy, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimare of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land Service, for the Year 1750, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1750, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of his Majesty:s Land Forces and Marines, who are to be on Half-pay, for the Year 1730, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Estimate be laid before this House, of the Charge of the Out-pensioner9 of Chefea Hospital, for the Year 17^0.

Ordered, That an Recount of the Services incurred, and not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1749, have been disposed of, distinguistied under their several Heads.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Thewing the Monies arisen wichin the respective Half Years ending at Lady-day and Michaelmas last, as well of or for the Excels or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the Aggregate Fund; as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the South Sea Fund; as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund commonly called the General Fund.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleasea to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

A Petition of Henry Joly was presented to the Hou^e, and read; praying. That Leave maybe given to bring In a Bill for his Naturalization,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Winnington, and Sir Richard do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next, Nine of the Clock; v

Jovisy 2 30 die Novembris;

Anno 23* Georgii lN* Regis, 1749,

Prayers.

THE House being informed, That some of the Com- gall India missioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; prohibited They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Good*, House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in- the East India Warehouses at St. , &c. in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1748; what have been since brought in; what delivered out for Exportation; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1749: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in the EaflHndia Warehouses at Leadenhall and Fenchurch-Jbeet, in the Port of London, at Michaelmas

1748; what have been since brought in; what exported.; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1749: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited East India Goods remaining in his Majesty's-Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1748; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1749: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods, prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, remaining in the respective Warehouses in the Out-ports, at Michaelmas 1748; what have been since brought in; what exported; as also what remained at Michaelmas 1749: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited Goods

which have been delivered out erf the Warehouses at St.

Helens, Fenchmrch-street, Leadcnhall-street, and Custom-

house, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1748; in order to be dyed, glazed, tdc. what has been returned; and what remained out of the said Warehouses, at chaelmas 1749: And also,

N° 6. An' Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 17+8, to

Michaelmas 1749: And-also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from RuJ/ia into the Ports, commonly called the Out-ports, from Mchaelmas 1748, to Michaelmas 1749.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers

of this Session. ' '

- '

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer w Address of Tuesday last. That his Majesty would be gra- Addrd*. ciously pleased to givCOiregions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts, therein mentioned, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

1 Mr. Earle presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordnance Address to his Majesty, Estimate of the Charge of the Estimate. Office of Ordnance for the Year 1750, Land-Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Tie said Estimate is as followeth; via.

Mol. 23.

o. 3° Novem.

-<* 1749

1

E S TI M A T E of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1750.

LAND SERVICE.

Ordinary of the Office, comprising Repairs of Store-houses, Magazines, Barracks, Platforms, Carriages, Stores for Garrisons, Rents, Salaries and incident Charges -

p, nftTnrrlr, — rc PIuJi CMahon, Gibraltar, and "North, Britain

fnH Arfifi- 3^' John's, Ferry land. Carboniere, Trinity-Harbour,

Officers, and Artificers, and PlawA -

{^Annapolis Royal ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery, confuting of 1,135 Men, Officers included, for Service of South and North Britain, and the Garrisons at Mabon, Gibraltar, St. John's, Ferry land, Carboniere,

Placentia, and Annapolis Royal -

Establishment of an Academy at Woolwich, for the Instruction of the Artillery People, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrants 30 and 18 November 1741

Establishment of the Laboratory at Woolwich -....

Pay of superannuatod and disabled Officers and Men, who have served well in the Trains of Artillery in Flanders, and on several Expeditions} with the Half-pay of Officers reduced ——

£ r. d.

3M35 2,896 7 6 12 6

2,106 *5 —

I>714 7 6

3*»253 2 6

1,000 — —

867 5

2,996 17 6

EXTRAORDINARIES.

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, building and repairing Store- ( houses, and supplying Stores at -

Gibraltar -

Mahon ——

Annapolis Royal ——

Placentia ——

St. Johns, Ferryland, C, and Trinity-

Harbour, in Newfoundland - -

3.000 ——

3,coo — —

4.000 -

3.000 — —

3.000 -

Towards carrying on the Fortifications, and repairing Barracks, in Scotland - 2,000 ——

Towards building and repa\r-<Sheerness and Gillingham - - - - 2,500 ——

ing the Fortifications at -\Por tfmouth and Gosport - - 4,000 ——

Pay of Engineers, Civil Officers, and Artificers, for Three Months, to 31 March 1750, in order for their Return home from Rattan ——

Pay of Officers, Engineers, Commiflkries, Conductors, Artificers, and Attendants, with the Hire of a Storeship on the Expedition under the Command of Rear Admiral Bofcawen, for Three Months, to 31 March 1750 - -

E X C E E DIN G S, for which no Allowance hath been made by Parliament, 1749-Pay of Engineer, Civil Officers, and Artificers, for Six Months, to 31 December 1749, at Rattan, they not beingyet returned -The Charge of Materials provided for the Fortifications, £. s. d.

and paying off the Works peiffirmed at Louijbourgh - 6,553 2 7

The Charge of tfanfportiqg the Materials, Ordnance,

Ammunition, Stores, and Company of Artillery, with

Artificers and Attendants, from Louijbourgh to Nova-Scoria 11,303 16 8

*: ' i "

Arms delivered . to Lord Geapge Beauclerk' % , Colonel s. Colonel

Dejean' % , and Lieutenant-Genqrfd Johns* Regiments of Foot, ordered to

Gibraltar and Mahone, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant 18 April 1749 -The Charge of preparing a Royal Firework, on Ocpafion of the general Peace; together, witji the Scaffolding for the Accommodation of Spectators, pursuant to fiis Majesty's Warrant 19 April 1749 -

Additional Works for securing the Pier, commonly called The Cobb, at Lyme Rfgir, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant 1 June 1749 - -

For repairing and enlarging the Royal Observatory in Greenwich Park, pursuant to the Cordis Justices Warrant 6 October 1748 -

To reimburse the Money; issued to Chauncy Tovmjhend Esquire, for the Charge of Victualling the Men. belonging, to the Train of Artillery at Rattan, from 14 April 1745, to 13 April 1747, pursuant to his Majesty's Warrant 6 February 1748 - - - " ? "

The Charge of transporting a Company of Artillery from Woolwich to Gibraltar, and bringing another back from thence

584 4 —

17>856 ‘9 3 i,739 11 — 13,479 16

r0Q ——

762 — —

7 4

903 2 3

J. L. Ligonier, A. Wilkinson, W. R. Earle. , £,

Tho. Lascelles, Charles Frederick. ‘

s.

81,670 7 6

16,000 ——

8,500 — — ' 285 15 —

2,803 *4 " 109,259 16 6

35,448 19 10

----- - — T| -

144,708 16 4

Ordered,

Lavic'i Nat.

Building, 8cc Ships.

3 Geo. II. % $'Novtwbris. 8^7

Ordered, That the said Eftitfiate do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

A Petition of Germain Lavie was presented to the House, and read praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition t And that Mr. John Vaughan, and Air. , do prepare, and

being in, the lame.

The Lord Barrington presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, the Ordinary Estimate of ln* his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1750.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The laid Estimate is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j And the Abstract thereof if as followeth j viz.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1750.

t

1.

3-

4*

5-

6.

7*

9'

10.

11. is.

*3-

14.

*5*

16.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c. Commissioners of the Navy; with the Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and instruments; and Contingencies relating the reto

Superannuated Sea Officers Pensions and Allowances C Chatham

Yards.

- £ s. d.

15,807 4 7l

4,485 11 81

3,448 O 6

3.082 11 4

2,549 8

4,29814

1,813 4 6

2,510 10 6,

I Deptford . - . -

Woolwick - . - 2,549

Portsmouth -

Sheer ness ——

Plymouth -

Muster-master, and other Officers of Out-Ports -

Wages to the Ships and Vessels in ordinary -

Victuals to the Officers and Men, serving therein -

Charge of the Harbour Moorings, and Harbour Rigging -

Ordinary Repairs of his Majesty's Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Buildings, c^V., - -

Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen -

Half Pay to Sea Officers -

Total of the ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1750

To which may be added.

For defraying the Expence of maintaining, io the Royal Hospital of an additional Number of disabled Seamen takes, and to be taken, into it, who are worn out, and become decrepit, in the Service of their Country, there being now Eleven hundred Men maintained in the said Hospital; and also for a sufficient Number of Nudes, being the Widows of Officers, and poor Seamen; and for carrying on the Buildings; and other Incidents of the said Hospital-, for the Year 1750; Ten thousand Pounds

And then the Total of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1750, amounts to Three hundred and Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence.

Savage Mostyn, Jo. A[len,

R. Osborn,

Dan. D,

Will. Corbett.

£. s. d.

34,353 *4

20,292 16 3

17,702 10 —

3>4fi8 5 6

42,073 1 8

18,59° >3 4 3*»493 ——

63,119 ——

*>53* 5 — 00,000 — —

293,625 $ Id

10,000 — —

3°3>6*5 5 10

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers to lay before this House, an Estimate of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of his Majesty's Ships for the Year 1750.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant Arnyr

to their Address to his Majesty, Estimate*.

Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great Britain, for the Year 1750: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces id the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, for the Year 1750.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth; viz.

Vol. 25.

10 T ESTIMATE

898

230 Novembris.

A1749.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain

for the Year 1750.

ffirft Troop of Guards

I Second D* -

Horle. \ First Troop of Grenadier Guards -I Second D° -v. Royal Regiment of Guards -

First Regiment of Dragoon Guards Second D* -

Third D‘ -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons Earl of Craxvfurd -Dragoons.^ Lieutenant-General Btand's -Sir Robert Rich's -

Earl of Rothes's -

Sir John Cope's -

Sir John Mordaus -

\Lord Mark Kerr'^ -

First Regiment of Foot Guards Second D* -

Third D* - -

Colonel Howard's Regiment Colonel Rich's -

Lieutenant-General Gutje's -

Colonel Becland's -

Lieutenant-General s

Colonel Herbert's Lord Viscount s Lieutenant-General Campbelf s Lieutenant-General Hujke's Earl of Ancram's -

Colonel Conway's -

... f Colonel War dour's Regiment

vilt s. £ independent Companies

Foot. /

Staff Officers -

Garrisons, with Fire and Candle -

Contingencies upon Account

Total -

War-Office, November 2 jd, 1749.

H. Fox.

Numbers.

181

l8l

77

176

337

4*6

2 85

285

2»5

285

285

2«5

285

285

285

1,641

1,054

*.054

8.5 815

8.5 8*5 8*5

8*5

8*5

8*5

|*5

8*5

815

5*5

1,300

,052

3»276

*2,714

*,8*5

<8,857

Pay of the Troops and Regiments, for 365 Da\«.

£ r. <7.

*7*349 *3 4

*7*349 >3 4

10,870 18 4

°.743 3 4

26,876 3 4

2I«547 3 4

14.676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14.676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14,676 — 10

14,676 — 10

H.6?6 - 10

45»io4 7 6

29,321 3 4

29,376 8 4

5>a17 9 2

*5»217 9 2

*5,217 9 2

*5.2*7 9 2

*5>2'7 9 2

15,2*7 9 2

15*2 7 9 2

*5»2*7 9 2

*5,217 9 2

*5»2I7 9 a

*5*7 9 2

0,906 14 2

22,584 7 6

16,000

37.046 *9 7

20,000

TOTAL.

d>

83,189 *

168,307 it 8

27*»T95 -

3M9* 1 8

73.046 (9 7

628,230 4 7

estimate

23 Geo. It. 23° — 24"

ESTIMATE of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in

In the PLANTATIONS.

General Dalzetfs Regiment -

Lieutenant-General Philippi's -

Colonel War burton's ——

Colonel Trelawney's ——

Four Companies at New York -One Company at Bermudas - -

One Company in the Ifiajid of - -

Three Companies at Sow//; Carolina -

Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Can/o, and , and

S/. -

At MINORCA.

jLieutenant-General Skelton's Regiment -

Colonel Holmes's -

Lieutenant-General Joknfon's -

Colonel Dejean % -

Officers 01 the Garrison -

At GIBRALTAR.

Lieutenant-General Wolfe' % Regiment Lord George Beauclerk' % - -

Colonel Leighton' % - - - .»_

Major-General Fleming's - - - - ».

Officers of the Garrison - -

Provisions for Lieutenant-General-P/W/^/u'sRegiment in Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. - deducting 4 </. per diem out of the Sublilienee of each Non-commission Officer and private Man towards that Expence: Remains to be borne by the Government Provisions for Colonel WarbuRegiment in Scotia ——

Provisions for tire several Regiments at Gibraltar Provisions for the Independent Company at Providence

TotAt - -

War-Office, November 23d, 1749.

H. Fox.

Novefribns.

the Plantations, Minorca, and for the Year 1750.

NiimhfTs. Pav of the Regiihentsi TOTAL.

Gfr. for 365 Dava.

£ s. d. £ * d.

394 - 9*748 10 ro

8*5 - *5»2I7 9 2 I -

815 - 15,2*7 9

815 - *5>38i 14 2

445 - 7»*4* 16 8

58 - 1,049 7 6

150 - 2,466 15 10

345 3*837 5*830 17 6 72,054 — IO

- - - - O OO c\ <N 6; ! A

815 *5*2*7 9 2

8*5 - 15,217 9 2

8.5 *5*2*7 9 ® , v

8*5. 3*260 15,217 9 2 60,869 16

5,87118 9

8*5 *5,2*7 9

8*5 *5*2*7 9 2

8*5 - *5.2*7 9 2

815 m m 3,260 5>z 17 9 2 60,869 16 8 n

" - ( 3*749 *2

« m M 2,839 7

i 2,839 7 11

- - . - - - 24,000 —

" - 456 5 — 30,135 — to

- *°»357 - J ? i/ J 236,42b 18 61

1

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

National Resolved, That this House will, upon -

Debt. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into ConlTderation that Part of his Majesty's tnoft gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament which relates to the national Debt.

Ditto. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House an Account of such Part of the national Debt which carries an Infereft, or Annuity, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Annum, as it hood at the Exchequer at Michaelmas 1749.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Yol. 23.

V1enerts, 24* dieNovembris;

Anno 230 Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thontas Abraham Ogiet and Peter Ogier'a, Ac;

Henry Gouvain, was presented to the House, and read; praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pilr-suant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Colleton, and Mr. Bdynturi, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Answer to Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be graci- Addre'*-oully pleated to give Directions, That the Estimate therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majestyj and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly

The House being informed. That Mr. Jennings, from National the Exchequer, attended at the Door % Debt*

He

900

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of such Part of the national Debt which carries an Interest, or Annuity, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per Atmumt as it flood at the Exchequer at Michaelmas 1749.

A. 1749.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz,

140 Novembris.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of such P*rt of the National Debt which carries an Interest, or Annuity, after the Rate of* £. 4 per Cent., per Annum, as it flood at the Exchequer at Michaelmas 1749.

Annuities of the Plate Ad 6° Geor im> Regis - -To the Bank of England, in their own Right.

For cancelling Exchequer Bills 30 Georgii imi Regis Purchased of the South Sea Company -

Annuities charged on the Duties on Coals, since Lady-day 1719 Annuities charged on the Surplufsof the Funds for Lottery 1714 . Annuities charged on Licences for retailing spirituous Liquors since Lady-day 1746 -

£ J. d.

- 500,000 — —

- 4,000,000 ——

- 1,750,000 ——

- 1,250,000 — —

986,800 — —

N. B. The Monies raised in Part of One million towards paying off the ( Navy Debt, is not included in this Account.

Annuities transferable at the Bank of England.

£ r- d.

312,000 — T —

8,486,800 ——

Annuities charged on Duties on Glass, and additional Duties on spirituous

Liquors, since Lady-day 1746 - - - 3>000>0°0 —

Annuities for Lottery, Anno'1747, charged on the Duties on Coaches, 1,000,000 — — - Ditto, Anno 1747, charged" dn the Duties on Houses, (Ac. - - 4,400,000 — —

Ditto for Lottery and Annuities, Anno 1748, charged on additional Sub-

fidy on Poundage, (Ac. since 1 ft March 1747 ----- 6,930,000 ——

Ditto, Anno 1749, charged on the Sinking Fund - - - -3,072,472 — 10

To the East India Company by Two Acts of Parliament 9* W"* 3*" Regis,

and Two other Acts 6' et 9* Anna Regin* -

To the South Sea Company, otf their Capital Stock and Annuities, 9*

Georgii imi Regis - -

18,402,472 — to 3,200,000 — — 27,302,203 5 6|

N. B. The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, being annual Grants, are.

not charged in this Account.

57>7°3>475 6 4*

Exchequer, 24th November 1749.

R. jtunings.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

to be perused by the Members of the House* - Mr, Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Condemned Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had Naval Stores. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleated to give Direc- come to several Refactions; which they had directed tions, that the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this him to report, when the House will please to receive the House, an Account of what Naval Stores have. been con- fame, demned and disposed of, with the Amount thereof, from Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday the 10th of April 1748, to the 16th of this present Morning next.

November. Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Leave to fit again.

Majesty's most Honourable' Privy-Council. Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole French Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be- House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Sh, P*> *5* forc this House, an Account of such French and Spanish Majesty. pure aft . g|j|pSor Vessels of War as have been purchased since the

Commencement of the late War with Spain, together with And then the House adjourned till Monday

the Amount of the Expence thereof, and how many there- Morning next. Nine of the Clock,

of have been made Part of the Royal Navy.

Supply. The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

f' r-

23 Geo. II.

a 7® — % &'Nwem

' 1

OgieJ's, 4e.

jg/.

Ntf.

Laving

Nau

Answer to Addrefi*

Condemned

Stores.

Sapplf.

! Lun<e>i 70 <afa NoveihbVis; M 1

Anno 23° Georgii II^ Regis, 1749.

Pratirs. 4

MR. Colleton presented to the Hosie, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing ‘Thomas Abraham Ogier and Peter Henry Gauvain: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Rejolyed,; That the Bill be read a Second time.

( ' '; .

Mr, Wfiqnington presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for naturalizing Henry joly: And the feme Was received; and read the First time.1

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

1

Ilf r. John Vaughan presented to the 'House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Germam Aficj the

fenfo was received; andiread the'First time. ' '

RefalveiiTha^ the.' Bill be read a JSefofd tiyie. j

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, That his Majesty would be graci-oully pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded hitn to acquaint this House, That he>will give Directiops accordingly.

Resolved, Thai an humble' AdJrefs be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously' pleased to give Di- ' rtftions, that thef proper Officer ot Officers do lay before this Housej an Account of what Provisions or victualling Stores1 have Deeq condemned and difpdfed of, with' the ' Amount thereof, from the 10th of April 1748, to the 16th of this present November.

I Ordered, Thu' the said Addrtfs be presented to lus Mi\je % by such Members of this House, as are of'his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Councif,. ': ZL

Mr* Fane, according1 to1 Order, reported, from' the' Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to contoder-'of the Supply granted to his Majesty^ the . Resolutions which the' Comlnittee had directed hrm to ffcport to the Hoqfe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at thp Clqrk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as followeth j viz. --

! 'Refolded, That it is jthe Opinion; of this Committee,

Tljat Xen thousand Men be employed for the! Sea Service, for the Year 1750, beginning the First ofj January

2749.;. .:

- ReJ'ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That IT Sum, riot ex&eding pour Pounds Man Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Ten thousefld-Men, for Thirteen Months, including the Ordnance for Sea. Service.

I The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the CjueftJon' severally put thereupon, igreed to by the House.

1 1 ‘ J

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to tjis Army Efta- Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di- ‘Mithmenu. reAionseo the proper Officer or Officers to lay before this 1 House the several Establishments of the Army, for the

Years 1714, 1718, and, 1749.

Ordered, That the said Atidress Ipe presented to his Majesty,; by such Members of this House as aije of his Majesty^i mod, Honourable Privy-Council.

And then the House adjourned tity Tomorrow , Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Marlis > 2 8° die Novembris;

Anno123* Georgii 11" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

THE Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Efttmateof executing the -Office of Lord High Admiral of 3ty> ButtU Great Britain, presented ‘to the Houip, pursuant to theft ,#i» Address to his Majesty,'an Eftiraafe of the Charge of ' what may be nCcefiary for the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs of his Majesty's Stiipq, and other extra- '.

"Work, at his Majesty's several Yards, for the Yeajr 1 750,

.over and above what arc proposed to be done on tire;

Head of W#ar and Tear, and Ordinary.

And the Title of the *feid Estimati was read. 1 f

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz. ®r

a

ts.

v r

» t *

1 t

r '

I -

VK*S-

to U

Navy Office, 7Ax ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuilding*, and Repairs of his Majestyrs Ships, and *ther extra-Work, at his Majjeita's VO «yth November, 1749. 5 several Yards, for the Year 1750, over and above what are proposed to be -done on the Head of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary; prepared, in Pursuanc* of an Order 0

I' of the Honourable House of Commons. W

Time when to be Charge of their

Nature of their Repair.

Place where. Guns. Ships Names. t Taken in Hand. Completed* r - Hullt, Ma(b| and Yards. Rigging and SKom. TOTAL

£ d. £ /f.

Deptford 70 Buckingham ... Building - In Hand September next 16,204 — — 6,240 — — 4M44 — —

Swiftfure - Building -) In Hand January next - - 4*336 4.336 — ' —

New Ship proposed in the room January next - June 175a -

of one of the old 3d Rates > Building - 5»33° m 5,33o — —

( ordered to be taken to Pieces -

New Ship proposed in the room 7 October 1750 - April 1753 - *>6*5 M65

of one of the old 3d Rates > Building - -

ordered to be taken to Pieces

New Ship proposed in the room Building - January next - -

of one of the old 3d Rates ordered to be taken to Pieces JnnetTSt - 5*33 A 5,33°

Woolwich - IOO Royal Atm - Building - In Hand October 1753 - 4,000 — — V 4,000 — —

7° Building - In Hand s$ 14 — — 5,614

60 Dunkirk - May 1752 3,000 m 3,000

5° Falmouth - Building- In Hand _ - June 1751 6,000 — — 6,000 — —

Chatham - 90 Prince - Rebuilding In Hand jt/07 next j,o*o 6,745 9*745

New Ship proposed in the room

of one of the old 3d Rates Building - m m m - - 5*33® — — m 5,33° — —

ordered to be taken to Pieces -

70 Bedford Middling Repair In Hand March 1750 - 4,000 — — m mm 4,000

60 Dreadnought - Middling Repair April 1750 April 1730 March 1751 - 6,750 ~m m m m 6,750

Kingston - Middling Repair- September 1750 8,000 — — 3,190 11,190 — —

Charge of rebuilding the South Dock - 1- - - 7,839

Sheerness > m m For preparing a Frame for any I - *,150 1,150 — —

Slip that may be ordered - I April next 6,075

Porfmouth - 7° Grafton - Building -Rebuilding 7 In Hand 7,630 13,705

5° Neweafile - In Hand December 1750 8,636 — — 4.55° 13,186 — —

New Ship proposed in the room t» ON Vi 1 1

of one of the old 3d Rates ordered to be taken to Pieces > Building - - jto/y next " 1,665

74 Terrible - Small Repair April next 3,196 6,2*7 9*4*3

64 Trident - Small Repair July next October next - 3*559 5,215 — «r- 8*784

Plymouth - - - 70 Northumberland - Building - - - In Hand August next - 12,000 — — 6,631 — — 18,631

Magnanime - Middling Repair / - - 6,304 — — 6,304

(0 Weymouth - Building 1. - In Hand 4 ' December >750 13.399 ~ - 6,076- — — 19*475

>C- 197,896

6H1 jr 'sufitaaotf t

*3 Gsp.II.

28* — 39* Nopetttbrh-

903

ABSTRACT.

For the Ships Hulls, Mads, and Yards For the Ships Rigging and Stores - For other extra* Work - -

u

£ * 129,148 — — 60,909 — ' — 7,839 — —

Total - -£.197,896 ——

Viz. The Sum of One hundred Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-six Pounds.

Savage Mtftyn,

Jof. A

Dan. Devert.

mil. Corbett.

Ordered, That the said Edimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. '

Aafwer to Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their Addicfti. Addresses of Yederday, That his Majesty would be gtiaci-ously pleased togive Directions, that the Account and Edablishments therein rel'pectively mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

fetherbad

FWtioa.

A Petition of Lieutenant-General James St. Clair, was presented to the House, and read; complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Shire of Sutherland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Cost-sideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

: t

Comauitccof Ordered, That Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Stewart, Mr.

Fiivilrgct, Ren, Mr. Mackay, Sir Lodowith Grant, Colonel

crombie, be added to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

commencing the 25th Day of December 1717: And also, t i

Edablishment of Guards and Gamfons, 1749 :> And also,

Edablishment of the Forces at Minorca and,

Anno 1749: And also,

Edablishment of the Forces in the Plantations 1749: -And aMo,

Edablishment of the Forces in Cape Breton, Anna 1749: And also,

Edablishment of Twelve Independent Companies of Foot, serving on board the Fleet, Anno 1749.

And the Titles of the said Establishments were read.

Ordered, That the said Edablishments do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Ac.

National

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to iolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take.. intcrConftderafiort'that" Part of his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament which relates to the National Debt;

Ordered, That his Majesty's mod* gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee. '

Ordered, That the Account of such Part Of the National Debt,' which carries an IntCred, or Annuity ader the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent.'per Annum, as it dood at the Exchequer, at Michaelmas 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

ThCn the House resolved itself into the said Committee. <* ' /v

Mr; Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Fane took the Chair of ^he Committee. !;. 1

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chais.1; ,

Mr. Fane reported from 'the Committee, That they had come to feverat Resoludonf j' which they had Hi-reded him to report, Wheri the-House will j/Krajfe to receive the same.'- ' " " ' - f- 1

Ordered, That the Report be received To-mbrrpw' Morning. v > 1 -

T

Ar«v; Mr. Secretary at War presented to the Hoiffc, pursu- EftaUilh- ant to their Address <0 his Majesty,;

Edablishment of Guards and Garrisons, commencing the 2,5th Day of December 1713: Arid also,

- Edablishment of the Forces -in Minorca, Gibraltar,‘ Flanders, and Dunkirk, commencing 25th of December 1713; And also,

: Edablishment of the Forces and Garrisons hr the West Indies, commencing the 2 5t h of December 1713: And also, Edablishment lor his Majesty's Guards, Garrisons, and ' land Forces, in Great Britain, commencing the 25th ' Day of December 1717: And also,

' EftahlithmeOt for the Fortes in Minorca and Vol. 25,

Mercurii, 29* dieNovembris)

Anno 23* Georgii II41 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Inveraray, ^, to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eleding of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Didrid of Burghs of Inveraray, Air, v Itvine Rot he say, and Campbelltoun, in the toom of Charles

Erjiine Esquire, deceased.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the National Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred Debt, to take into Conficjeration that Part of his Majesty's most . graciou^ Speech to both Houses of Parliament which relates to the National Debt, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read'; and are as followeth; viz.' '

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That any Person qr P^rfons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or intit fed: iu At ojany Pirt of the National Debt, redeemable . by Law, Incurred before Michaelmas 1749, which now carHefc ^n intered after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cen- . tum pef Annual, and whdlhall, on or before the 28th Day of Feblkafy 1749,‘subscribe their Names, or signify their

Consent, to accept of an Intered of Three Pounds per CenUmftr Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of December j 7^7,1'ubjed to the same Provilbes, Notices, and Clauses of Redemption, which their respective Four per Cents are ijow liable tb, shall, in lieu of their present Intered, be intitled unto, and receive, an Intered of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till the 25th Day of December 1750; and ffomand after the said 25th Day of December 1750, an Intered of Three Pounds Ten Shilhpga per Centum per Annum,\xnt\\ the said 25th Day of December 1757; and shall not be liable to be redeemed till after the said 25th Day of December 1757.

Resolved,

Googh

Kational

Debt.

904 29* — >$6°

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trusteas, may subscribe or Iignify such Consent for the several Parts of the said Debt, for the holding of which-their Names are made use of respectively.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Duties, Revenues, and Incomes, which now Itand appropriated to the Payment of the saidlnterest of Four PruinrU pg-Centum pen Annumrespectively, shall continue and be appropriated and applied to the payment of the respective Interest of Four Pounds Centum per Annum, Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and Three Pounds per Centum per , in the same manner as the same now Hand appropriated to the Pay-me ni of the said Four Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that the* Surpluses of the said Funds, after the said 2£th pay of December 1750, shall be made Part of the Sinking Fund, and applied in the same manner as the Surpluftea of the said Funds are now applicable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That Book? be opened at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at the Bank of England, and South Sea House, r for receiving the said $ubscriptions or Consent. v The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time;

It was proposed to amend the said Resolution, by io-ferting after the last and" the Words " no Part of the lame, except what is due to the East India Company," and by leaving out the Word " npt

And the Question being put. That the Words M no " Part of the fame, except what is due to the East India *' Company," be inserted after the Word " and It was resolved in the Affirmative.'

And the Question being put. That the Word " not," -stand Part of the said Resolution;

It paired in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, thus amended. That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or intitfod ,upt9,any Part of the National Dabt. redeemable by Law, incurred before Michaelmas 1749, which now carries an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Cent, per num, and who lbal],on or before the 28th Day of February 1749, 'fobscribe their Names, or Iignify their Consent, to accept of an Interest of Three PoundsCentum per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of December 1757, subject to the same Provisoes, Notices, and CUnfits of Redemption, which their respective Four per Cents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their present Interest, be intitled unto, and receive, an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, till the 25th Day of December 1750; and, from and after the said 2 uh Day of December 17^0, an Interest of Three Pounas Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the said 25 th Day-of December *757,; and nft Part of the lame, except what is due to the East India Company, shall be liable to be redeemed till after the said 25th Day of December 1757.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, Being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.:

Ordered, That a' Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Kesolutions; Apd that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of live Exchequer, Mr . Lyttleton, Mr. Grenville, Mt. Campbell of Calder, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr.'

Solicitor-General, Mr . Scrope, Mr. West, and Sir John Barnard, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That, for the immediate taking in of the said Subscriptions and Consent, Copies of the Cud Kesolutions be fort hwith transni.itted to the Auditor of the Receipt of, his Majesty's Exchequer, to the Governor and Company; of the Bank of England, to the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, and to the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to thcSow/A Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fisheries, anti be affixed at the Royal Exchange, and be printed in the London Gazette.'

N&otmbrh. 1749.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolvettself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Guards, Garrisons, and other his Majesty's Land Forces, in Great Britain, for the Year 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, Minorca, and,

for the Year 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the federal Establishments of Guards, Garrisons, and other Forbes, which were Yesterday pre* fented to the House, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Commiue*.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker re fumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Kesolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrb# Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next.rcfoilve ttself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

« --- T-W — ..... - —

Jovisy 30° die Novembris;

Anno 13* Georgii II41 Regis, 1749.

P»a,yer‘s.

MR. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Tablet. Where the same wore read; and are as folio we th 1 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Number of Land Forces, including Eighteen hundred and Fifteen Invalids, amounting to Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven effective Mesni, Comp)if&on and Non-commission Officers included, be employed for the Service of the Year 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commitfeb. That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred' Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred and Thirty Pounds Four Shillings and Seven ;Pence» be granted to his Majesty, for defraying . the C barge, cf tire Eighteen thousand Eight hundred and ' Fiffy-jfeyen effective Men* for Guards, Garrifom, and other his Majesty's Land Forces in Great , Gnern- . fey., an4 Jqrfry, for the Year 17^0.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committed' That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Thirty-six Thousand Four hundfod and Twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Six-pence Half-peny, be granted to hiss Majesty, for maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Gar-rilbhs in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar, and for Provisions for the Garrisons in A ova , Newfoltttd-

laand, Gibraltar, and Providence for the Year 1750.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,: to consider of Ways and Means for fifing the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered,

Supply.

s«ppiy.

Wava

and Meant

93 Geo. II. 30 ° Novem&ris. — i* Decembris. 5705

Funishing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mgy *n<1 punishing Mutiny and Desertion t and fot the better Pay-Dcfcmoa. ment of the Army, and their Quarters: And that Mr.

Secretary at War, Sir William and the Lord

Dupplin, do prepare, and bring in, the £une.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Decembris;

Anno 03* Georgii II. Regis, 1749. Prayers.

CT*HOMAS Abraham Ogier Peter Henry * Henry Jely* and Germain took the Oaths

appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Scrape prefen ted to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Surplusses, dated at Lady-Day 1749: And also, SurphrfTes, dated at Michaelmas 1749.

And the Titles of the said Surpluses were read.

The Abstract of the said Surpluses, dated at Lady-day 1749, is as followeth; viz.

Voi.i5. 10 X ABSTRACT

o

Surpluses,

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Lady-day 1749 j rir.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1.

' Surplus of the South-Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2.

Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3.

To Monies granted out of the Supply 1749, for the Purposes following, per Act 220 Geo. 2dt, Page 879 and 880; viz.

C #. d.

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1747 -

To replace to this Fund the like Surn paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit or Sugar at Michaelmas 1748 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good aYear'sIn-terest, due at Michaelmas 1748, after the Rate of^. 3. 105. per Cent, per Annum, 011 the principal Slim of a Million lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year

1745 ....

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors at Lady-day 1748 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at Midsummer 1748 -

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors, at Midsummer 1748 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, at Michaelmas »748..... -

7,180 5

13*827 11

35,000 —

9>3®8 7

15,297 11

33»8°4 13 28,268 15

8

6

4

ii

5

D

eg'

H*

n'

CD

Q_

cr

0

n

jy

£. s. d. 300,514 12 7

13.03* »9 6$ >78.495 4 5i

49*»°5* >6 7

142,687 5

634.740 2 >i

V0

Per Contra

O

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmas 1748, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent. on the principal Sum of £.600,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Ad 90 Georgii. 2dl, Page 4.92, in that Behalf -

By Haifa Year's Annuity, due at Lady-day 1749, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, on the principal Sum of £.300,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Ad 110 Georgii Page 64.2,

in that Behalf -....

By the Ulher of the Exchequer, for Necessaries furnished the Offices, for paying the aforesaid Annuities -

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Christmai 1748, being after the Rate of £.3 per Cent. on the principal Sum of £. 800,000 lent on Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Ad 15® Georgii 2dt, Page 600 and 601, in that Behalf ——

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Half a Year's Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to answer Half a Year's Interest, due at Lady-day 1749, being'after the Rate of £. 3. 105. per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £. 1,000*000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Indy-dtty 1753,. towards the Supply of the Year 1745, pursuant to the Ad 180 Geo. 2dl; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken in full of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1748, pursuant to the Ad 21° Georgii 2di, Page 747, in that Behalf - -

By Cash taken in Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the , Service of the Year 1749, pursuant to the Ad 22® Georgii 2di, Page 867, in that Behalf - -

£ m

4*50° — ~~ 65 9

1)2,000 — '

17,500 — —

292,876-18 5

298,57* lo

*34,740 2 1

This being the Three-and-fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 90 Georgii 1®1, Page 367, is humbly presented, this First Day of December 1749, by me.

J. Scropc.

- \A. 1749.

The ABSTRACT of the said SUTtPLUSSES, stated tit Michaelmas 1749, is as followeth, viz.

o

t*

LT\

The EXCHEQUER to the SINKING FUND

T»

5.

d.

To Surplus Monies arisen in the Half Year, ended at Michaelmas 1749; viz.

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 1 Surplus of the South-Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 2 Surplus of the General Fund, brought from Account, Fo. 3 -

£. 733«864 *9 U

412,988 16 3 74,891 3 5

245.984 »9 5i

D

cq"

t — h

n'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

FT

Per Contra

By Half a Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1749, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £.600,000, lenton Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1736, pursuant to the Act 9 Geo. 2dl, Page 492, in that Behalf - -

By Haifa Year's Annuity, due at Michaelmas 1749, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of£.300,000, lenton Credit o! this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1738, pursuant to the Art 11* Geo. 2rtl, Page 642, in that Behalf -By the Usher of the Exchequer, for Necefi'aries furnished the Offices, for paying the alnrcsaid Annuities By Haifa Year's Annuity, due at Midsummer 1740, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, on the Principal Sum of £. 800,000, lenton Credit of this Fund, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1742, pursuant to the Art 15° Gea. 2d|, Page boo and 601, in that Behalf - -

By the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Haifa Year's Allowance, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, due at the same time, pursuant to the said Act, Page 607, in that Behalf -By Cash taken to answer Haifa Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 1749, being after the llat^ of £. 3. 10s. per Cent, per Annum, on the PiineipalSum of £.1,000,000 lent on Credit of the Salt Duties, which were continued for Six Years, from Lady-day 1753, towards the Supply of the Year ! 745, pursuant to the Ad ift° Geo. 2dl; which Sura is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, asperClause in the said Act, Page 212, in that Behalf -

By Cash taken to answer Haifa Year's Interest, due at Michaelmas 174 9, being after the Rate oi £. 4 per Cent, per Annum, on the principal Sum of £.3,072,472. os.10 d. the Amount of the Navy, Tran sports, and Victualing Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, subscribed fur Annuities chargeable on this Fund, pursuant to the Act 22* Georgii 2dl, Page 515, in that Behalf ——

By Cash taken to make gtyd the Deficiency of the Duty of 6d. per Ounce on wrought Plate, at Lcdy-day 1749, pursuant to the Ad 6® Georgii imi. Page 294, in that Behalf - -

By Cash taken to make good thn Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas 1748, pursuant to the Ad 40 Georgii 2dl, in that Behalf; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 464 ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties payable to his Majesty for Licences to retail fpiiituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1749, pursuant to the Ad 190 Geo. 2dl, to answer £.4 per Cent. per Annum Interest on £. 986,800 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the Kirfi Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Pa^c 161, in that Behalf -By Cacti taken to make good the Deficiency of kthe additional Duty on Wipes, at Midsummer 1749, pursuant to the Ad 1-8° Geo. 2®*, to answ er Annuities on Single Lives, and other Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. on £.2,000,000 charged thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said A:f, Page 358, in that J.eJialf -By Call) taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duties upon Glass and upon fpifbuous Liquors, at Midsummer 1749, pursuant to the Ad 19° Gen. <1^, to answer Annuities at £.4 pei' Cent, per Annum on £.3,000,000 charged -thereupon; which Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund out of the Fiift Supplies to be granted in Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 291 and 29 2, in that Behalf -By Calli taken to make good the Deficiency of the Duty of 125. /><r Barrel oi) Sw eets or \\rines made from British or foreign Fruit or ^<ugarf at Michaelmas 749, to anivvei £.3 per (Am. per Ann. lute rest on £. 500,000 charged thereupon, pursuant tt> the Ad 100 Geo. 2dl, whh h Sum is to be replaced to the Sinking Fund, out of the First Supplies to be granted ill Parliament, as per Clause in the said Act, Page 551, in that Behalf -Bv Cacti taken in further Part of a Million, for or towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1749, pursuant to the Ad 22w Geo. 2di, Page 867, in that liehulf ——

This being the Four-and-fiftieth Half-yearly Account, made up pursuant to the Ad 9* Geo. 1 Page 367, is humbly presented, this First Day of December 1749, by me,

J. Scrape i

mi

cr

A A

9,000 -

4,500 ——

43 >7 li

12,000 — 225 —

«7.5°o —

61.449 8 9i 5,443 4

5,183 17 8 5.7H 3 9‘ 7,196 4 5i 21,564 2 10$

13,361 10. 1

570,673 9 't

733,864 19 if

\Q

O

23 Geo. II. 1 " Decembris

908 i° Decemhris. 1749*

Ordered, That, the said Surpluses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Surplusses are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ogier's, kc. A Bill for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier and Nat. Peter Henry Gauvain, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Colleton, Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Vaughan, J M r. Neale,

Sir John Cuft, Mr. Heath, Mr. Brooksbank, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Mr. MellijhMr. Mr. Compton,

Mr. West, Mr. Tracy, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hay, Mr. Dumtner, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Vernon, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. Talbot, Colonel Mr. Amyand,

Mr. Cocks, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Robert Long, Mr.

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Plumptre: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Joly's Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Henry was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

nington, Mr. West, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Neale, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Heath, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Compton, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Gray, Sir John Cust, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Fane, Xlr. Fellowes, Mr. Willes, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Earle, Mr. Townshend, Xlr. Carmichael, Sir

Wtm. B. Pro ft or: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

La»ie'» Nat. A Bill for naturalizing Germain Lavie, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. John Vaughan, Mr. West, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fane, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hay, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Heath, Mr. Compton, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Plumptre, Sir John Cust, Mr- Tracy, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Earle, Mr. Amyand, the Earl of Egtnont, Mr. Barne, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Willes, Sir Danvers Osborn, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Frederick, General Onslow, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Coxe, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Palmer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Laws. what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued:

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Fane, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Compton, Sir John Cust, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Thomas Hale, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Proby, Mr. West, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Townsend, Mi. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Turner, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Frankl/tnd, General Onslow, Mr. Nesbitt, Mr. Bacon, Dr. Lee, Mr. Powlett, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr. Southwell, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Comptroller, Sir B.; and all the

Gentleman of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Charabei.

Yarmouth A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and

Haven, tee.Commonalty, of the Town and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, in Common-Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Haven and Piers belonging to the said Town have, for many Years, been repaired and maintained by a Duty imposed by several successive Acts of Parliament upon Coals, and other Goods and Merchandizes imported into the said Haven; and that by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to revive, continue, and amend, an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves at the said Town; and also for preserving Ships wintering in the fai.l Haven from Accidents by Fire: the several Duties granted by the said Act of the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for the Purposes therein mentioned, were revived, and made payable, for the'Perm of Two Yeare, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament:

That the said Haven and Piers were, at the Commencement of the said Act of the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and still continue, in a very ruinous Condition; and will be in Danger of falling in a short time into utter and irreparab e Decay, unlessiome further and more effectual Provision be mad: by Parliament for the Preservation thereof; the Money directed to be applied in repairing, improving, and maintaining the fame, not having been near sufficient for that Purpose; and that the Navigation of the said Rivers will be subject to great Obstructions and Annoyances; and not only Ships wintering in the said Haven, but also the said Town, be exposed to frequent and terrible Accidents by Fire, if the Provisions and Regulations contained in the said Act of the Ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign, for preventing such Obstructions, Annoyances, and Accidents, are not continued and enforced: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Edward Mr;

Amyand, Mr. Char Its Townshend, Mr. West, Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Anson, Mr. Colleton, Lord

Barrington, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Alderman Bethe, Mr. Walpole, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilkinson, Xlr. Fane, Mr. Charlton, Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Thornton, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Willes, Lord Luxborough, Mr. Horatio Walpole junior, Mr. Clevland,

Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Proufe, Mr. Mr.

Heath, Sir Charles Murdaunt, Mr. Mellish, Mr.

Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Legge; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and Cambridge:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Charles Undegren, of London, Merchant* Lindegwu'* was presented to the House, and read; praying. That N*t. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Peter Thompson and Mr. Horsemonden Turner do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to a»ppiT. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Rebuildings, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, and other extra Work at his Majesty's several Yards, for the Year 1750, over and above what are proposed to be done on the Head of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, be referred to the said Committee.

The

Lindegren's

Nat.

A Member takes Oaths.

WV'thy

Harbour.

23 Geo. II. D&tmbris. ^0$

The Question being proposed, That the Efthnate of the Charge of the Qtfiae of Ordnance, for the Year 1750, Land Service, be now referred to the said Committee;

And the House being informed, That one Mr. Abraham Chambers attended at the Dbor, who could give the House some Information relating (o the Method of making Contrafts at the Office of Ordnance;

The laid Abraham Chambers was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the Eftiniato of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1750, Land Service, bp now referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fade took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair-

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane all'o acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wedesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Lunaiy40 die;

Anno 23* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1749. Praters.

SIR Peter Thomson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for naturalizing Charles gren: And the same was received —

And a Member, returned upon a new Writ, having taken die Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and takeu and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, pursuant to the Laws made for those'Purposes; —

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Burgesses, principal Inhabitants, Matters and Owners of Ships, of the Town of,

in the County of Tiirk, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by an Act of Parliament, made in the Fiift Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the P-ers of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York, several Duties were laid upon a.l Ships and Vessels, and upon certain Goods and Merchandizes therein particularly mentioned, landed within the Haven or Piers of the said Port of Whitby, and shipped off from Whitby aforesaid 1 and also a Duty of One Farthing per Chalder on all Coa s leaded at Neivcaft upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Bl)th, Seaton-Since, Culler-Coates, or any other

Harbour, Colliery, or Place, that was, or was reputed to be, a Member of the said Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, for the Term of Nine Years, from the ift Day of May 1702; and that by another Act, made in the 7th Year of her find late Majesty's Reign, the said Act, and all the Powers and Clauses contained therein, and all the Duties thereby granted, were continued and made payable until the First Day of May 1723; and that by an Act made in the 7th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, all the said Duties, except the said Duty of One Fartlung per Chalder, were made perpetual, to the end that the said Piers and Harbour might be preserved and Vol. 25.

kepi in good Repair; and that by another Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for lengthening the West Tier of the Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, > and fbv improving the said Harbour, it was Eoafttd, Tjb*l, suer the First Day of June 1735, the said Duty of O e Far-tbiag per Chalder, which had ceafibd Irotn [the'First A)ay , of May 1723, should be paid to the Trusteefc named;fi or by virtue of the faicf Act of the Seventh Year of hist laid late Majesty's Reign, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, for the Purposes at ore said; and that the said Act of the First Year of her said late Majesty, and all the Clauses, Provisions, and Penalties, contained therein, foui'htitg the said Duty of One Farthing per Chalder, thereby granted,

except as to some particular Powers and Clauses,; Avcre revived and continued for the same Term of Tiii'yriune Years, with several other Powers and Clautes rftatrng to the said Duty and Work proposed to be done, and regulating the said Harbour; and that pursuant tb-fW laid lalLmentioned Act, and by and with the several Duties collected and received by virtue thereof, and <?f the other Acts aforesaid, the said West Pier has be£n lengthened One hundred Yards, and terminated with f-strong circular Head, whereon is erected a commodious Batchy, with a strong Parapet, and Embrafctres for Five Pieces of Cannon, which protests the Entraobe of the Harbour, as also such Ships as may be obliged to take Shelter hi the Road from an Enemy; and that to.carry on th&'laid Work, the Trustees have been neeeflitated.to borrow, at several Times, several Sums of Money oin the said Fund of One Farthing per Chalder; anti! that the Debt.mxw charged thereon is £.6,200; and the said TrustaestfchVe employed the rest of the Duties granted, as aforesaid, as they arose, in rebuilding and repairing other Parts of the said Piers, and in getting up Quarries at the Mouth iof the Harbour, in order to deepen the Channel; which has had so good an Effect, that it has encouraged ..the Inhabitants of Whitby, and others, to build in the Harbour much larger Ships than were formerly ufod there; but as the West and East Piers have been greatly fbaken with the Seas, and the Marl or loft Rock on which they were built is worn away by the great Quantity of Sand scoured out of the- Harbour in several Pldces, which hits occasioned their sinking, and the Walls thereof to!bridge out, and the Communication in a gfeat measure interrupted between the Town and the West Pier; ah'd A the Expence of repairing, railing, and rebuilding, the lame, were needful, and taking away the remaining Parts of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of thdl Harbour, and railing the Way from the West Pier to the Town of

Whitby, and making convenient Moorings for Ships along the said Way, has been estimated at Ten dioufand Pounds, and upwards; and as the perpetualjFund granted by the said Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign (which produces yearly but about One hundred and Twenty Pounds) is far from being sufficient to answer the present Emergencies; and as the said Duty of One Farthing per Chalder will raise little, if any thing, more than will pay the Principal Monies borrowed thereon, and the Interest thereof; Therefore praying the House to grant them such further Aid for repairing, rebuilding, and raising the said Piers where needful, and clearing away the Remainder of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of the said Harbour, and for raising the Way ro the West Pier, from the Town of Whitby, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Comptroller, Mr. , Sir MilesStapylton, Mr. Chetwynd, Lord Mr.

Godolphin, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir Thomas Mr.

West, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Turner, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Legge, Lord Barrington, Mr. Colleton, Lord Parker, Dr. Lee, Mr. Boone, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Neale, :Vlr.

Bttrrard, Mr. Kent, Mr. Deimi, Mr. Gray, Mr

10 Y and

Supply Bill;

Reducing

Annuities.

Supply.

Way*

and Means.

910

»nd all the 'Members who serve {or the Counties of

Durham, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Annum., to the several Rates of Interest therein to be mentioned: And the same was received j and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Re-solutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth *, viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred and Ninety-three thousand Six hundred and Twenty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to'his Majesty, for the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half-pay to Sea Officers, for the Year 175c.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Support of the Royal Hospital at , for the better

Maintenance of the Seamen of the said Hospital, worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Ninety-seven thousand Eight hundred Ninety-six Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards the Buildings, Rebuilding, and Repairs, of his Majesty's Ships, for the Year I75°-

The First Resolutions of the Committee, being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That Part of the Ordinary Estimate of his Majesty's Navy, for the Year 1750, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed j

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That Surpluses, stated at Lady-day 1749, be referred to the said Commitete.

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated at Michaelmas 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Mining.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That be was di-redtal by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Re/jived, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

4° — -5 ‘

A.

1749-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 5° die;

Anno 23* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

/~\RD ERED, That Mr. Thomas Gore be added to the ' Gentlemen who were appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

A Bill for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein to be mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowMoming, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Grown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Port of Rye, in the County of Suffer, in the room of the Right Honourable Sir John Norris Knight, deceased.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom'it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Three Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised, in the Year 1730, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, belaid upon that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solli-citor-General, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

PonUhing Mutiny and Defcnion.

Supply BTiU;

Reducing

Annuities.

Rve Wrk.

Ways and Meant.

Mercurii, 6° die Decembris;

Anno 23® Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Biff;

a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a l-and Tax. Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved,

Westminster Fish Market.

Ogier's, See. Nat.

Supply.

Supply Bill;

Reducing

Annuities.

23 Geo. II. 6 — 7" Decembris. oil

Resolved, That the Bill be read a, Second time.'

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are, thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having, in the last Session of Parliament, applied to the House for a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the said City; and an Act having passed, in the said Session, for making the same upon the Piece of Ground near Rozv, in the Possession of the Commissioners for building Westminster Bridge; the Market has not yet been opened, though the said Act took place at last: And

alleging, That the Fishermen are very, desirous to answer the good Purposes of the said Act, by fiipplying the Cities of London and Westminster with Fish at a reasonable Profit to themselves, and Price to the Consumers, provided the said Market could be immediately opened upon the Ground allotted for that Purpose: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, that the Petitioners may not be dilappointed of the Benefit intended them by the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter , Colonel

hend. General Oglethorpe, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.. Laroche, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Southwell, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Lord Dupplin,

Mr. Nor 1 hey, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr. Plumptre,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thomas Gore, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Mr. Sy-

denham, Lord Hartington, Lord Deerkurjl, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Gray, Mr. Whitworth, Sir Wm. Tonge, Mr. Lewis-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Suffix, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Mr. Colleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier and Peter Henry Gauvain, was committed, 'Hut the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Sp aker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Vol, 25.

Centuni per Annum, to the several Rates of interest therein to be mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 70 dieDece;

Anno 230 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all the Members who serve for Westmioftir the City of London be added to the Committee, to Fish Market, whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said City and Liberty, is referred.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Supply Fill j Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Land Ta*. Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House being informed. That Mr. from Wefbninffer

the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Bridge, Thames, from the City of Westminster to the opposite Snore, in the County of Surrey, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

A State of the Proceedings of the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from December 6th, 1748, to November 28ih, 1749, both inclusive: And also,

Contrafts made by the Commissioners of Bridge, from December 6th, 1748, to November 28th 1749, both inclusive: And also,

Accounts of the Treasurer to the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, from September 29th, 1748,10 September 29th, 1749.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the Books containing the said State,

Contrafts, and Accounts, were read.

Ordered, That the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Books are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Whitby whom the Petition of the Burgesses, principal Inhabitants, Harbour. Mailers and Owners of Ships, of the Town of Whitby, in the County of York, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the several Acts therein mentioned were read; And,

Mr. John , Woollerand Mr. John Biggin severally said.

That, pursuant to the Act of the 8th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the West Pier of the Harbour of Whitby has been lengthened 100 Yards, and terminated with a strong circular Head, whereon is erected a commodious Battery, with a strong Parapet, and Emoratures for Five Pieces of Cannon: That they have Cannon there, and they were uled in the late War, and protested several Ships: That the said Harbour is much improved, and the Tonage of Ships greatly increased.

Tnen Mr. John Wooller laid before the Committee, a general Account of all the Money received and expended in pursuance of the Acts of the Seventh Year of his late

Majesty

Supply.

912

8 £5ecembris.

A. 1749.

Majesty King George the Fitft* Mid tV\e Eighth Tfear of his present Majesty , by which it appeared, That the net Produce of the Duties payable by virtue of the Act of the Seventh Year of his late Majesty King George the First, from the First of May 1735, to the First of June 1749, amounted only to £. 2,1 ie 10 8^:

That the net Produce of the Duty of One Farthing a Chalder on Coals laden at New Sunderland, &c. from the First of June 1735, to the First of June 1749, amounted only to £. 4,926 9 8:

That there has been laid out in lengthening the said West Pier, and other Works, from the lft June 1735, to the lft June 1749, the Sum of 13,409 4 8f; so that there now remains a Debt, on the said Duty of One Farthing a Chalder on Coals, of 6,269 15 4-^.

Mr. Woollerfurther said, That the West and East Piers

of the said Harbour have been greatly (haken with the Seas, and the Marl and soft Rock on which they were built is worn away by the great Quantity of Sand scoured out of the Harbour in several Places, which has occasioned their sinking, and the Walls to bilge out i That the Communication between the West Pier and the Town is greatly interrupted, the Way formerly used being worn away:

That the repairing, railing, and rebuilding, the said Piers where needful, and taking away the remaining Parts of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of the Harbour, and railing the Way from the West Pier to the said Town of Whitby, and making convenient Moorings for Ships along the said Way, will, by the Estimate he laid before the Committee, amount, in the V' hole, to £. 13,960 10 o.

Mr. Charles Labalie laid, That he was at Whitby in the Year 1748: That it's a considerable Town for Shipping: That he was upon the West Pier, and thinks the Work well performed: That he has seen the Estimate of the Work proposed, and thinks the Works judicioully proposed; but cannot speak exactly to the Estimate.

Mr. Zachariah Cockfield and Mr. Nor rif on Cover dale severally said. That they remember the old Way from the West Pier to the Town of , which is now

worn away, and the Communication greatly interrupted thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Repairing and Preserving of the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York: And that Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Sir Miles

ion, and Mr. Vane, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred and Nine thousand Two hundred and Fifty-nine Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land-Service, for the Year 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Four hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expence of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, not provided for by Parliament.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And the House being informed, That Mr. Abraham

Chambers, who was examined before the House upon Friday last, attended at the Door, and could give the House some further Information relating to the Method of making Contracts at the Office of Ordnance }

The said Mr. Abraham Chambers was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 8° die D

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, *749.

Prayers.

f>HARLES JJndegren took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing 'Thomas Abraham OgWs,

Ogier and Peter Henry Gauvain, was read the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier and Peter Henry Gauvain.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles was read a Lindegren'*

Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter Tkompfon, Mr. Gafhry, Mr. West, Mr. Young, Mr.

Mr. Farrington, Sir John Barnard, Mr. Oswald, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Prowfc, Mr. Child, Mr. Lockyer, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Powlett, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Fellowes. Mr.

Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Sir Rich. Wrottesley, Lord Luxborough, Sir A \ch.Bayley, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. L.

Robinson, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Matt. Robinson, Mr.

Hor. Walpole, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Philipfan,

Mr. Belchier, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Geo. Townshend, Mr. Gore, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Willes, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Thornhagh,

Mr. Colleton, Mr. Laroche, Mr. , Mr.

lish. Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Wilkinson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re- §Upply Bill; solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Reducing the Bill for reducing the several Annuities, which now Annuities, carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein to be mentionedj

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax. upon the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be ratfed in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty;

Ordered, That it be an Inftrmftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax for the Year 1748, out of the Supplies granted for the Year 1750.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend meats thereunto^ which they had directed him to report, when the House will pkafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And

Liviei Nat.

LirJrgrcn*

Nat.

Joly'tNal

Supply Bill I L*a4Taju

OM Nani Stores (oLL

French, See. Ships purchased and added Co the Nary.

Ways and Meant.

Supply.

45 Geo. II. 8° — 1 i^-i a® Dtctmbris. $13

And then the House adjourned tiH Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 110 die Decetnbris; Anno 23* Georgii II41 Regis, 1749. Praysks.

MR. John Vaughan reported from the Committeei to

whom the Bill for naturalizing Germain Lavie, was committed. Tint the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same -to be true; and that tue Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Sir Peter Thempfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bdi h r pat ural'zing Charles Lindegren, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment1: And lie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Join Vaughan reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Henry JoJy, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments} be ingrossed.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office ol Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, pr.-fented to the Hoofe, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of old naval Stores fold between the 10th April 1748, and t6th November 1749.

'The Lord Barrington also, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the French and Ships or Vessels of

War as have been purchased since the Commencement of the late War with Spain; together with the Amount of the Expence thereof, and how many thereof have been made Part of the Royal Navy.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to co;i filler further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; Vol. 25.

Resolved, That this House will, 'upon Friday Morning next, resolve-itself into the said Codimittee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into-a Committee of the Supply Bill} whole House, upon the Bjll for reducing the several An- Reducing nuities, which now carry an Intercll after the Rate of Annuities. Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Intercll therein to be mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Fanereported from -the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they Iiad directed him to report, when the House will plcale to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 12° die Dec;

Anno 23 Georgii IIdl Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITIONof the Reverend Roger Pettiward^ Dr.Mort-Doctor in Divinity, heretofore called Roger Mart- lock'* Name. lock, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That Walter Pettiward, late of Enfield, in the County of

Middlesex, Esquire, deceased, the Petitioner's Uncle, made his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the 13th Day of April 174c; and thereby, after giving several pecuniary Legacies ana Annuities, gave, devised, and bequeathed, all the Rest and Residue of his Estate real and personal to the Petitioner his Nephew, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively for ever, subject to the Payment of Two Annuities in the said Will particularly mentioned, upon Condition that the Petitioner took upon himself the Surname of, and wrote himself by the Name of, Pettiward; and, in that Cafe, the Testator made

and appointed the Petitioner Executor of his said Will:

Thar, since the Death of the Testator, the Petitioner, in Gratitude to him, and iiv Compliance with and Performance of his said Will* hath taken upon himself and used the Surname of Pettiward; and is desirous that the same Surname, and also, the Arms, of Pfhould be established upon him, and the Heirs of his Body, by the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying, ThiSt the House will give Leave, that a Bill may be brought;in for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Thomas Townshend and Mr. C o prepare^ and

bring in, the feme. :! !

A Petition of Englebert Hake was presented so the Hake'i Nat. House, and read; praying, That Leave-may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the'Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lyfier and Mr. fellowes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exe- The House curing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great - informed oft tain, acquainted the House, That Complaint having been Member made against the Conduct of Rear-Admiral Knowles, in a Afr"gUa w late Action with a Spanish Fleet off the Havamah, he is now in the Custody of the Marshal of the Admiralty, and taking his Tryal by Court Martial at Deptford: Although this is no more than what is usual in like Cafes, yet, as Rear-Admiral Knowles is now a Member of this House, and as his Confinement may possibly keep him fume time from his Duty here, the Board of Admiralty think it a Respect due to the House, to inform them of this Commitment, and of the Occasion thereof.

10 Z And

914 i a* Decembris.

A. *749.

And the Lord Barring ten also delivered in at the Clerk's Table a Paper, as a true Copy of the Commitment of the said Rear-Admiral Knowles.

And the said Copy was read j and is as followeth;

viz.

By the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland, &c.

Whereas Queries Knowles Esquire, Rear-Admiral of the Red Squadron of his Mqelly's Fleet, (lands charged with bad Conduct in an Action between his Majesty's Squad-ton of Ships and that of Spain, which happened on the ift of October 1748, near the you are hereby

required and directed immediately to take the said Rear-Admiral Knowles into safe Custody, and carry him on board his Majesty's Yacht, the Charlotte, at ,in

order to his being tried at a Court Martial, and dispose of him as Admiral Rowley shall direct: And all Mayors, Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, and others, are hereby required to be aiding and affiding to you, and those employed by you, as they tender his Majesty's Service, and will answer the contrary at their Peril: For which this shall be your Warrant. Given under our Hands, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, the 9th December *749-

Anjon,

To Edward Busby Gentleman, Marshal Barrington.

of the High Court of Admiralty, or IV. Ellis. his Deputy.

By Command of their Lordships.

J. Clevland.

Ordered, That what the Lord Barrington hath now communicated to the House, and also the said Copy, be entered in the Journal of this House.

Yarmouth Mr. Charles Towrshend reported from the Committee, Hmn, Stc. to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burge (Tes, and Commonalty of the Town and Borough of Great Tarmouth, in the County of , in Common-Council assembled, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the (tune* as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Seven! Acts of Parliament, made in the i2d and 29th Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, in the i(t of King James the Second, the 10th and nth of King fViUiam the Third, the 9th of his late Majesty King George the First, and the zoth of his present Majesty were read; whereby it appeared, That several Duties had been, from . time to time, granted for repairing and improving the said Haven and Piers; and that the la(l of the said Acts will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament.

Mr. Charles Labelye was examined: Who said. That he surveyed the Haven in 1747: That the Entrance - into the said Haven was then, and is liable to be very frequently, Hopped up by a (hifting Bar; and that this Bar . may be in a great Degree removed; but the same would occasion the Expenditure of a very considerable Sum of Money:

That the North Pier Was intirely destroyed j but that there would not be any Necessity of rebuilding it, if the South Pier, which is in a very ruinous Condition, was repaired and (Lengthened; and that, in his Opinion, the Expence of effectually repairing and (Irengthening the said Pier, and improving the said Harbour, will amount to upwards of £.20,000.

Mr. Robert Ferrier, Town Clerk of Yarmouth, was also

examined *, and said, That the South Pier is now in a worse Condition than it was in the Year 1747; and that it is in Danger of falling into irreparable Decay, if not Coon repaired.

An Extract from a Book, in which the Accounts

relating to the said Haven are entered, was produced; whereby it appears, That the net Produce of the Duties applicable to the Repair of the said Haven has amounted, upon a Medium of Seven Years, to only £.1,050 per Annum.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from AcA cidents by Fire: And that Mr. C Mr pole, Colonel Towushend, Mr. , Mr. Bacon, Mr.

Hardiuge, and the Lord Dupplindo prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester, and of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Indivilible Trinity, in Gloucester aforesaid, under their Common Seals, and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Trade and Inhabitants of the (kid City are, of late Years, greatly increased: That in the Middle of the upper Part of the Street called The IVAgate Street, are several old decayed Houses or Tenements, One Shed commonly called The King's Board, and a ruinous old Tower commonly called Trinity Tower, which not only (Iraiten the Room for the Markets, but (land so near the Buildings on each Side of the said Street, as that, on the one Side thereof, there is not Room for a Carriage to pals; and that, on the other Side thereof, there is but. barely Room for a Carriage to pals j so that Foot Passengers cannot go by a Carriage there without Danger of their Lives; and several Persons have received Injuries, and some have loll their Lives, by Carriages in their Padage there: That at the upper Ends of the Streets called the East and South-gate Streets, are several old Sheds or Tenements, which Hand so fax out in the same Streets, as not only to (Iraiten the Room for the Markets, but render the Turning of Carriages very difficult and dangerous: That, in the Street called Northgote Street, are several old Tenements,

great Part of which Hand so far out in the said Street as to (Iraiten the Room to the Markets, and very much incommode the Inhabitants of the other Houses in the feme Street: That the Tower called Trinity Tower has no Church belonging to it, and is greatly (hattered and decayed, and the upper Part thereof for about Twenty Feet high, and the Pinacles and Battlements thereof, are in so ruinods a Condition, that they cannot be repaired, and are in great Danger of felling; and the said Shed called The King's Board, is much out of Repair, and now useless: That the Petitioners have treated with the Owners of the several Houses, Tenements, Sheds, and Buildings aforesaid, to purchase and take down the feme, to open the said Streets and Market Places, and render the feme more commodious; but some of the said Houses, Tenements, Sheds, and Buildings, belong to the said Dean and Chapter, and other incorporated Bodies; others to Infants, and others are in Settlement (b that the Petitioners cannot carry on or execute their feid Design, which will be greatly for the Accommodation of the inhabitants of the said City, and others that come there, and for the carrying on the Trade and Bulinefe thereof, without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill to enable the Owners of the said foufes. Tenements, Sheds, and, Buildings, and of the Ground whereon the same (land, to contract with the Petitioners for the Sale of the fame, in order that such Houses, Tenements, Sheds, and Buildings, may be taken down to widen the said Streets and Market Places, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And- that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And

Gkracrfler Street*, ice.

23 Geo. II.

And it is referred to Colonel Selwyn, Mr.

Mr. John Selwyn, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Thomas Townshend, Mr. Scrope, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. , Mr. Bacon, Sir IVm. B. Pro£lor, Lord Egmont, Colonel , Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Cox, Mr. Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sydenham, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Lyster, Colonel,

Mr. Hunter, Mr. Wodehouse, Lord Barrington, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gore, Mr. Henry Finch, Colonel Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Mr. Torke, Mr.

Kent, Mr. Geo. Augufius Selwyn, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Townshend, Mr. and all the Mem-

bers who serve for the Counties of Ct/oucester and Wilts: And they ate to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock) in the Speaker's Chamber: And hate Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records

Bntise Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Prisoner* in Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-

Mwocco. reftions, that there may be laid before this House, Copies of all Letters, Memorials, and Representations, from his Majesty's Minister to the Emperor of Morocco, or hit Agent, to his Majesty's Ministers here, relating to the Re* demption of British Captives; together with Copies of the Answers to, and Orders given inconsequenceof, such Letters, Memorials, and Representations.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

BuUdi*# of . Re/ohed, That an humble Address be presented to his

Poctu, Ice. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of what Sum or Sums of Money have been expended. Cnee the Gommencent of the late War with Spain to this time, for the Building of Docks, Wharfs, Store-houses, Fortifications, or other Edifices, so far as the same have been charged to the Account of the Navy, and how near the said Buildings are to the being completed'; together with the several Estimates relating to the lame, and all Orders whatsoever for the undertaking of carrying on the said Works t as allb Copies of all Letters from any Offices, or Commanders or Officers, relating the reunto.

I.«r Sofa Re/ohed, That an humble Address be presented to his tet, the Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Di-"v>' red ions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Monies which have been paid or charged on account of any Law-Suits or Controversies which have arisen in . any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, so far as they relate to his Majesty's Navy since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to this present Time; together with Copies of all Letters from any Offices, or Commanders or Officers, relating the reunto.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

Surely B.H i Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Reducing Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for re* Anuuuic. <jucing the several Annuities, which now carry an fnterest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein to be mentioned, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee bad made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout and then a Second time, one by ope; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

9*5

Mircuriiy 130 die Decembrist

Anno S3* Georgii IId! Regis, 1749.

PlAYEXS.

AN ingrafted Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty Supply Bin j by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty.

OrderedfYh&t Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for reducing the several Annuities, Bill} wh ich now carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds Reducing per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest Annuitfe*. therein to be mentioned, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 9. L. 31. After Chancery," to insert " and the Deputy Remembrancer of his Majesty's Court of " Exchequer:"

Pr. 10. L. 7. After " Chancery," to insert " and of the said Court of Exchequer

L. 11. After " General," to insert " and " Deputy Remembrancer

Line 42. After the First of," to insert such of the said Annuities of Four Pounds per Centum per " Annum as shall not be subscribed, in case any shall be unsubscribed, and also of

Pr. 11. L. 8. After " the," to insert " laid - feribed Annuities, and of the

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates or Interest therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Lyster presented to the House, according to Order, Hake'sNab a Bill for naturalizing Englebert Hake: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Henry was read Joly'i Nat. the Third time.

Re/elved, Thit the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Henry Joly.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Charles Lindegitn1*

was read the Third time. Nat

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Charles Lmdegren.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Thompson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrences

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Germain Lavie, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that die Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Germain Lavie.

Ordered, That Mr. Winnington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

1 a* — 130 Decembris.

Vol. 2£.

916

i j* Ekcemh

A. 1749.

Trades, whereby the said Town is become a Nursery for Seamen, and brings many Advantages to the Kingdom in general, and to all the neighbouring Counties in particular i And that the Petitioners, Time out of Mind, have received certain Duties called Quayage, or Wharfage, upon the Importation and Exportation of all Goods and Merchandizes into, and out of the Harbour of aforesaid;

and ako certain other Duties there called Boonaage and Ballad Duty, which have been constantly under the Ma-. , . nagement of the Mayor and Corporation of the said Town

An Twer to , r* JFomfP^o er reported to the House, I hat theif of and by them'applied towards repairing the Wharfs Addresses. Addreucs of Tuesday last, That his Majesty would be gra- ancj 0^\ier publick Works there: And that, of late Years, ciously pleased to give Directions, That the Copies and several. Persons have refuted to pay the said Duties, and Accounts therein respectively mentioned might be laid infiftjThat the Corporation of the said Town have no just before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and Right to claim and demand such Duties, they having no that k>s Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this Act of Parliament for supporting or establishing the fame: House, That he will give Directions accordingly. ~ '

Vi eneris, 150 dieDecembris; Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

T'NGLBERTHAKE took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

Whitby

Harbour.

Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of in the County of

York: And the same was received; and read therirft time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And that the Petitioners, to support their ancient prescriptive Right to the said Duties, have brought several Actions for recovering the fame; but, by reason of the great Expence and Difficulties, in regard to Evidence, no Inhabitant of the said Town being admitted as a competent Witness, the Petitioners have been quite remediless in their Pofecutions, by means whereof the Quays, Wharfs,

and publick Passages leading thereto, are in a very ruinous . Condition, and for want of a proper Fund, will be intirely

Mr, Thomas Towshend presented to the House, accord- destroyed, and this useful Harbour be totally rendered

Dr. Mort-

lock's Name, ing to Order, a Bill, to enable Doftoij in

Divinity, now called Roger and the Heirs of

his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms PeUitvard: And the same was received; and read the First time. 1

Refthed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Christ- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do ifluehis Warrant to ChurchWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for the Ekcting of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Christ Church, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Sir Thomas Robinson, Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Keeper of his Majesty's Great Wardrobe.

Hailing*

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings in the County of Sussex, in the Room of Andrezv Stone Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Port, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations.

unserviceable: And therefore praying the House to take thi Premises into Consideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof t and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gulflone, Sir John Mr. Thomas Townshend, General Onslow, Mr. Wtnnington, Mr. West, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Belckier, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Child, Lord Baltimore, Mr. , Mr.

Amy and, - Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Legge, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gore, Mr. Sdzvyn, Pwr. Campbell, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fane, M r. Brooljbank, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Gray, Mr. Potter, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Robinson, Sir Piter; and all

the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, and Wilts: And*they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Export*, Src.

A Petition of Francis Blake Delaval Esquire, was pre- Ando»er fented to the House, and read; letting forth. That anew Election. Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Writ having this Session Issued for the Electing of a

fromSweden. before this House, an Account of the Exports and Im- BurgeCs to serve in this present Parliament for' the Bo-

French, &e. Ships purchased and added to the Navy.

ports to and from Sweden, for Ten Years last pall, distin-

gtiishing each Year, and each Species of Goods.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Dilutions, that there be laid before this House, an Account

rough of Andover, in the County of Southampton, in the room of the Right Honourable John Wallop Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Lymington, deceased, the Election came on, on thi 28th Day of November last, when the Petitioner and John Griffin Griffin Esquire, were severally nominated Candidates to represent the said Bo-of what Number of French or Spanish Vessels of War, rough: And that thereupon, a Poll being demanded, was

purchased since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, are at this present Time Part of the Royal Navy; as likewise what Number of Ships belonging to his Majesty's Navy have been condemned or disposed of, and are not at this Time Part of the Royal Navy.

Ordered, That the said Addrets be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

the same Day proceeded upon: That at the Time of such Election, the Petitioner insisted, That the said John Griffin Griffin was not qualified to be defied a Member of this House, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Statute, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act for securing the Freedom of " Parliaments, by the further qualifying the Members to " fit in the House of Commons:" And that the said John

Pi>ole >* arbour - Duties.

Griffin Griffin being present at the said Election, the Peti-A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Com- tioner then requested him to specify and swear to his Qua-monalty, of the Town of Poole, in the County of the same lification, according to the Directions of the said Act; and Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting that thereupon the said./M« GrffinGriffin then made Oath, -forth. That the Port or Harbour of Poole is an ancient before the Returning Officer, That he had such an Estate Port, very useful to Navigation, and is a Place of the in Law or Equity, to and for his-own Use and Benefit, in greatest Trade and Commerce in the County of Dorset, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above

which, through the Industry of the Inhabitants, is now very much increnfed, by their employing a great Number of Ships in the Newfoundland Fishery, and other foreign

what would satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that might affect the fame, of the annual Value of£.300, above Ke-prizes, as qualified him to be elected and returned to

serve

18° Decembris.

23 Geo. II.

15

serve as a Member for the said Borough, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the Act of Parliament in that Behalf; and that his said I^ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, arc lying or being in the several Parishes, Town-Blips. or Precincts, of Walden, otherwise Saffron-Walden, Litt/ekmj, Little Ch-.fierferd, Great and Wenden, in the County of alter which, the

Poll pro<ceded, and several of the Electors voted for the said John Griffin Griffin-, and that, after One of the said

Electors had \ oted for the Petitioner, he, intending to rest the Merits of the hud Election on the said John Griffin Griffin's Want of a proper Qualification to be elected a Member of this House, publickly declined polling any more Votes; and thereupon the said John Griffin Griffin was declared to have the Majority of Votes; and hath since been rcturnd as a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament lor the said Borough: And alleging, That since the said Return, the Petitioner, upon the bell Inquiry, finds and has great Keaton to believe, that the said John Griffin Griffin had not, at the time of the said Election and Return, an Estate Freehold or Copyhold, lor his own Life, or ior any greater Ellate, either in Law or Equity, to and for ins own Ufc or Benefit, of or in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above what will satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that affect the fame, lying in the said Parishes, Townships, or Precincts, of Walden, otherwise Saffron-Walden, Litt/e-bury, Little Chesterford, Great Newport, and

Wenden, or in any of them, of the annual Value of £. 300, above Reprizes; and that the Petitioner therefore being, as he is advit'ed, the only Candidate who was capable of being chose at the said Election, conceives that he was duly elected, and ought to fit, as a Member for the said Borough, in this House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall feeni meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear the Matter of the said Petition upon Wednesday the 10th Day of January next.

Punishinf The Lord Duppl'm presented to the House, according

Mutiny and to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion;

Desertion. ancj jJr t;lc better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the Fiill time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

The Orders of the Day being read;

That this House will, upon Wednesday Means. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sapper. ResolveeJ, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luftec, 18* Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii IF* Regis, 1749. Prayers.

TSr. Bcatkuw fiRDERED, That the Reverend Doctor Bent ham, of '°ihTCk °n Oriel College, in the University of Oxford, be defued 3° Jan* to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's,

upon Tut [day the 30th Day of January next: And that Mr. Godolphin and Mr. do acquaint him therewith.

Vol. 25.

917

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Land- BidfWd, beholders, and other Inhabitants, in the Counties of Bedford Roads, and Northampton, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from WeJ'twood Gate, in the P.irish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditcliford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and , in the said County of Northampton, to the Town of Harbcrough, in the County of Leicester, is a great Road from London to the said Towns of Kettering,

Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, Mane heft er,&c.: and that

the said Road is become so deep and ruinous, that it

is almoll impassable for Coaches, Waggons, and other

Carriages, and is very dangerous to Persons travelling bn

Horlcback; and that the same cannot be put in luffiucnt t

Repair by the ordinary Means already provided by the

Laws of this Realm, without the Aid of Parliament:

And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in for repairing the said Road, in such manner as to the House shall fcem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Gore, General Onslow,

Mr. Offley, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr. Bacon,

Sir Danvers Osborne, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Mr. John

Gore, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Lyster, Sir Wm. B. Procter,

Mr. Prcwfe, Mr. Kane, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Jenyns, Mr.

Godolphin, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pye,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Comptroller, Mr.

Wilkinson. Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Thornton, Mr.

Mr. Plumer, Mr. Child, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Comyn, Mr.

Bante, Sir John Cttft, Lord Vere Beauclerk, Mr. Southwell,

Mr. Bet hell, Mr. Finch, Sir Wm. Blacket, Mr. Hume, Sir Charles Wyndham; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Leicester, and Nottingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Sehvyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Butgesses of the City of Str<ret"kc.

Gloucester, and of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Indivisible Trinity, in Gloucester aforesaid, under their Common Seals, and of several of the principal Inhabitants of the same City, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Thomas Vernon Esquire, and Mr. Thomas Bingham: Who, being l'cverally examined, said, That the Trade of the said City, and inhabitants thereof, are of late Years greatly increased:

That there arc Four chief Streets within that City, commonly called East, West, North, and South Gate Streets, which meet and crolseach other in the Centre of the same City: That in the Middle of the Upper Part of the West Gate Street are several old decayed Houses or Tenements, One Shed called The King's Board, and a ruinous old Tower called Trinity Tower, which not only llraiten the Room for the Markets; but stand so near to the Buildings on each Side of the Street, that on one Side of the said Street there is not Room for a Carriage to pass, and on the other Side thereof there is only Room for a Carriage; so that Foot Passengers cannot go by a Carriage so -passing, without great Danger, several Persons having been hurt, and some have lost their Lives, by Carriages passing through the fame.

11 A

And

Denbigh

Writ.

Hake's Nat.

Punishing

Mutiny and PelcrJon.

Call of the House.

18° — 190 Decembris. . 1749.

And they further laid, That at the Upper Ends of the East and South-Gate Streets there are several old Sheds and Tenements; which Hand so far out in the same Streets, as not only to straiten the Room for the Markets, but make the Turning of Carriages, out of One of the said Streets into the other of them, very difficult and danger* ous: That, in th z North-Gate Street, there are likewise

several old Tenements, many Parts whereof extend so far out, that the same are also very prejudicial to the Markets, and greatly incommode the Inhabitants of other Houses in the same Street.

And they also gave Evidence, That 'trinity Tower (mentioned in the Petition) has no Church belonging to it: That it is very much decayed; and the upper Part (above Twenty Feet) and also the Pinnacles and Battlements thereof, are in so ruinous a Condition, that the same cannot be repaired: That the Shed called The King's Board is so much out of Repair, as it is now become useless.

And Mr. Vernon said. That the Owners of several of the Houses, Tenements, Sheds, and Buildings aforesaid, had been treated with, in order to purchase and take down the lame, to make the said Streets and Market Places more commodious; and that such Owners, as had been treated with, are consenting to such Proposals; but that as several of the said Houses, Tenements, Sheds, and Buildings, proposed to be pulled down, belong to the Dean and Chapter of Gloucester, and other incorporated Bodies, and other Persons disabled by Law to dispose of the fame, the Design of the Petitioners cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for# taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City And that

Mr. Selwyn and Sir William Calvert do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, in the room of Packard Myddleton Esquire; who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward of his Majesty's Lordships and Manors of -field and Tale, in the said County of Denbigh.

A Bill for naturalizing Englebert , was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ljfter, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Wilkinson, Colonel Mr. Syden-

ham, Sir Robert Burden, Lord Barrington, Colonel Mostyn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. PhWipfon, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Walpole, Mr.

Mr. Townftiend, Mr. Hay, Mr. Williams, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Thornton, Sir John Cust, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Torke, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bayntun: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday the 16th

Day of Januarynext, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday the 15th Day of January next.

Ordered, That such Members, as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Charles TownJbeuJ presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Tar mouth; and for depthening, and making

more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Buller have Leave to go into the Country for Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 19® die Decembris;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

A /TR. Comptroller reported to the House, That their JLvA Address of Friday lad, That his Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Account, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, bad been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Bill to enable Roger Mort, Dofcor in Divinity, now called Roger Pettiward, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Pettiward, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Townsend, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Comptroller, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Henley, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gore, Mr. West, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Williams, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Hay, Lord Geo. Sackville, Lord Egmont, Mr.

Banker, Mr. Maitland, Mr. , Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Shirley, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Carmichael, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. John Selwyn, Sit Danvers Osborne, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Charles Townshend, Colonel Townfitend, Sir John Cufi, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Banks Hodgkinson, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Kent and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surry, Middlesex, and Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whith, in the County of York, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to - Mr. Comptroller, Mr. West, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Nugent, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Banker, Mr. Wilkinson, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Thornton, Lord Egmont, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Peter Warren, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Vane, Mr. Hill, Mr. Lafcells, Lord Barrington, Mr. Banks Hodgkinson, Colonel Haldane, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Smith, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Lyster, Mr. , Sir Richard

Lloyd, Mr. Pye, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Harris, Sir Charles Wyndham, Mr. Torke, Mr. Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Finch, Mr. Kent, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.;

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Yarmooth

Haven.

Lrave of Absence.

Answer to Address.

Dr.

Mortlocks

Name.

Whitby

Harbour.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to Welhninft«r whom the Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the City Fish Mwket. and Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto

subscribed,

23 Geo. II.

subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants c.f the said City and Liberty, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matterof the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; with a Plan annexed: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the Committee examined several Witnesses thereupon: And

Thomas Smith Esquire, being examined, relating to the" Ground for the Holding of a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminsteron the Piece of Ground near Cation Row, allotted by Act of Parliament for that Purpose, said, That, by the Act, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of

Westminster, which Act was to take Place at Michaelmas last, the Commissioners of the Bridge are authorized and impowered to make a Grant of a Piece of Ground they are possessed of, near Canon Row, to be made use of for holding a Fish-Markef, for the Grant of which Ground the Trustees of the said Market were to pay to the Commissioners of the Bridge Five Pounds, as the Consideration or Purchase Money for the fame, which Ground is as followeth:

East Front to the Thames 71 Feet 3 Inches: From the North Side, next to Manchester Court, from East to West, 265 Feet 6 Inches: The West Side, next Can:n Row, 87 Feet 6 Inches: South Side, next Bridge Street, to the Two new Houses already granted by the Commis*

' lioners of the Bridge to private People, 137 Feet 9 Inche;: From the East of the said Houses to the Thames 77 Feet 8 Inches: The Two said Houses, already lett, are 57 Feet from North to South, and from West to East 38 Feet, including the 7 Feet 7 Inches in Depth, granted since the said Act passed. He further said. That he was ordered by the Trustees, on the First Monday in August last, to attend the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge, and to make a Tender of the Five Pounds; but tlrere was no Board held till the 28th of November last.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Minutes of the Trustees of the said Market, That, at a Meeting of the said Trustees, on Monday the 27 th Day of November 1749, it was resolved, " That George Harrison, William " Lowndes, Thomas Smith, Harman Henry Cheere,

u Daniel Gell, Francis Hut chief on, William Pearce, Esquires,

" and the Reverend Doctor or any Three of

" them, be desired and required to wait upon the Commissioners for Westminster Bridge, and acquaint them, " That the Trustees under the Act, passed the last Session " of Parliament, for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster, have been attended by several Fishermen from Harwich, Gravesend, and other " Places, who are desirous to answer the good Purposes " of the said Act, by supplying the Cities of London and " Westminster with Fish at a reasonable Profit to themselves, and Price to the Consumers, provided the Market at Westminster could be immediately opened upon

" the Ground allotted by Parliament for that Purpose; " and as the said Commissioners are authorized and impowered, by the said Act, to grant the Ground near " Canon Row, which they are possessed of, for holding " the said intended Market; and it being Enacted, by " the said Act, That the said Trustees shall pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of Five Pounds, as the " Consideration or Purchase Money for the fame; therefore the Trustees are ready to pay the said Consideration " Money, and desire that the proper Conveyances may " be prepared and executed."

To which the Trustees received this Answer as follows: Westminster Bridge Office, November 28th 1749.

The Committee of the Trustees for the free Fish Market in Westminster, attended and delivered in their " Resolution of applying to the Board for the preparing Vot.. 25.

919

" and executing Conveyances of the Ground near Westminster " Canon Row, in order to open a Fish Market on that Fish Market.

" Place.

" The Board took the same into Consideration, and " do give for Answer;

" That they will convey the same to the Trustees appointed by Parliament for the Fish Market, as soon as the necessary Works towards finishing Westminster Bridge will permit.

" J. Bowack, Cl. Assistant."

Mr. Smith bein£ further examined, in relation to the Reasons why the said Fish Market was not opened by the Trustees, he shewed their having taken all Measures for (o doing.

And further laid. That they had also borrowed the Sum of£. 400, upon the Credit of the said Act, at £ 5 per Cent, for carrying the same into Execution, of which they had expended about £. 200 for the Palling the said Act, and other Expences, and that about^.200 remains now in Hand for the Carrying the Act for the said Market into Execution.

And to the same Point why the said Market was not opened:

The Reverend Doctor Wilson, one of the Trustees of the said Market, said, That Application had been made to the Commissioners of the Bridge by the said Trustees:

That they were told by the said Commissioners, That they could not lett the Ground go out of their Hands, nor any Part of it, till the said Bridge was finished, nor even then, left some Accident should happen, as the Sinking of a Pier, or any other Difaiter: And that the said Commissioners have had no Board since the First Monday In July last, till the 28th of November last, when a Committee of the Trustees waited upon them.

And it appeared by the Examination of

Mr. Walter Taylor, Mr. Arnold ThompfonMr. Augustine Styles, Mr. John Deale, and Mr. Joseph Oliver, being a Committee on behalf of the whole Body of the Cod and other Fisheries, for Harwich, London, and Gravesend,

That the Fishermen are desirous to furnish the Cities of London and Westminster with Fi lb, at reasonable Rates, provided the said Market could be immediately opened upon the Ground allotted for that Purpose: And they further laid. That if this Market was opened, it would give more Encouragement to the Fishery, and the Cities of London and Westminster would lie thereby furnished at a better and a cheaper Rate, and the Benefit arising by opening this Market would give such Encouragement, as to enable several Fishermen to enter into an Agreement and subscribe a Sum of Money, in order to try for the Turbot Fishery, which happeneth in the Summer Season, when the Fishermen have little else to do in other Fisheries: The said Turbot Fishery is now all in the Hands of Foreigners: And that they believe the English can carry on that Fishery: And they unanimously declared.

That the Success of the said Market depends upon its being immediately opened: And if it was Hopped for One Year, it would come to nothing.

Tney further said, That they had viewed the Ground intended for the Market; and the whole Ground would be a very commodious Place; but at present the adjoining Stairs, and Landing Place, and the Head of the Stairs on the North Side the Bridge, with the Slip, would serve to make a hard Shift, till the whole Ground could be had; and if that Place was opened, they would bring Fish to the Market directly; That this will only lerve for the Use of small Craft, but when the whole Ground is given it will be convenient for large Craft.

And being asked if the Building of the Bridge can be carried on if the Market should be opened on the Stairs and Slip? They answered, Yes: For they can move the Boats immediately: And they apprehend it would not hinder the carrying on the Works of the Bridge, because it is very inconvenient to move the Timber over the Stairs, as the left Side of the Wharf is more convenient.

19° Decembris.

Wellminfte

Fish Market.

920 19* Decembris. J. 1749.

And your Committee further inquired whether the Market could be immediately opened upon the Ground allotted for that Purpose; and examined.

Mr. James Stedman, Surveyor and Carpenter: Who said. That he had surveyed the Ground, and taken the several Dimensions, which are set down upon a Plan; which he delivered in, and is hereunto annexed.

And being aiked, if there was Room to open a Fish Market, and carry on the Works of the Bridge at the same time? he said, Yes;* as there is 71 Feet 3 Inches in Front next the Thames, on the Wharf, East-ward; and there is Feet 6 Inches Return at the North Side, adjoining to the Houses at the End of Court: That, at the West End of the Two Houses which are built from the North End of the Yards to the North Side of the Ground next is 43

Feet 5 Inches; so that making a parallel Line, by the North Side down the River, will leave about a8 Feet for the Use of the Market at present: That, on the West End of the Ground, there are Two Centres almost finished, which, when taken away, will leave Room enough to frame Four Centres, if wanted: That there is an. old Building, which is about 76 Feet by 33, and some Sheds adjoining, which are 61 Feet by 13, or thereabout, which are of no present Use to the Bridge; and, if taken down, would make Room enough to frame Two Centres more, or, at least, to remove the Timbers which lie next the Water Side, which will give more Room to remove the Frame of the Centres to the Water Side: That Two Centres are already finished, and Two others almost finished; and that Six more will be wanted: That Four more may be finished at one time, after the Two which are in Hand are taken away: That the Centres are the largest Timber that will be wanted for the Bridge; and that, when any Centres are finished, they are removed upon the Wharf, near the Water Side, to make Room to frame others; and that the Centres may be finished and taken away, and the Fish Market held at the same time, as there is 43 Feet between the North Wall of the Ground between Manchester , and the present Wall of the Yard already built: That there is a large Quantity of Stone, which the Witness apprehends to be of no Use to the Bridge; and, as to the Chequc-house, it may stand as it does, and there is Room enough to open a Fish Market, and to come to the same without any Hindrance to the Works of the Bridge:

That there is Room enough to frame Two Centres more, and for all the necessary Works of the Bridge, without pulling dowh the Sheds; which Sheds, as the Witness is informed, are filled with Deals, and other Materials, which are the Property of private Persons, and not intended for the Use of the Bridge; and that there is no other Place in Westminster so convenient for the said intended Market.

Thomas Smith Esquire being aiked if any Part of the Ground allotted for the said Market is lett by the Commissioners of the Bridge? he said, That a Carpenter lays a great many Materials upon the Ground, which he don't apprehend belongs to the Bridge, but does not know that the Commissioners draw any Advantage therefrom; and if the said Commissioners would make a Conveyance of the Ground allotted by Parliament immediately to the Trustees, they could make a Shift with the Stairs, the Landing-place, the Head of the Stairs, with such Part of the North Side of Bridge Street as should be convenient for the said Market.

Mr. Henry Cor dwell and Mr. Thomas Radcliffe, Surveyors and Carpenters, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Stedman in every Particular.

Mr. John Snow, Builder, who a (lifted Mr. Stedman in taking the aforesaid Plan, laid. That there is sufficient Room for a temporary Market, without obstructing the Works of the Bridge; and that a great deal more Room might be made, by pulling down the old Building and Sheds; and that there is likewise a great Quantity of 'Stone on the Premises, which the Witness apprehends to 15

be the Property of private Peluns, and not designed for the Use of the Bridge.

11 having been moved t o your Committee, That Charles Labelye Esquire should be examined, on the bthalfof the Commissioners of the Bridge, in relation to the Inconveniencies that might arise to the Building of the Bridge, by giving immediate Possession of the Ground allotted by Parliament to the Trustees for the Fish -Market: And the said

Charles Labelye Esquire being called, and Mr. Sted~ man's Evidence being read, he said, The Dimensions of the Ground laid down by Mr. Stedman were right; but that That Part of the Ground next the Stairs, together with the said Stairs, is, of all other Ground in the Power of the Commissioners, the most wanted, and will be the longest wanted: And he delivered in a Plan of the said Ground, which he explained to your Committee:

That the Commissioners now pay jf. 158 a Year for Ground on the other Side of the Water; and that, for want of Room, the whole Bridge is now incumbered with Materials: That the Commissioners had indeed fold some Ground before the Sinking of the Pier, when they imagined they should have no further Occasion for it; but that the Witness is not in a Situation to know any thing of the Commissioners letting Ground, Mr. being the proper Person to apply to for Information on that Head.

Being aiked if Timbers are carried down the Stairs? he answered. That the large Timbers are carried by the Wharf; but small Materials are carried down the Stairs: That several of the Piles which are used have been carried through the Water Gate, and down the Stairs; and several others must be carried the same Way: That Three or Four of them are carried in a Day, which are for immediate Use: and, if such Piles were to be carried off the Wharf, they must necessarily stay for High Water, and lose Half their Time; and, in the Opinion of the Witness, those Piles could not be carried down the Stairs, if the Market was held there.

Mr. Walter Taylor, being'further required to inform your Committee, whether it would be inconvenient for Fishermen to go through Bridge with their Boats ? he laid, It would, lor the following Reasons — There is some Difficulty in/hooting the Bridge; and, after the Boats are through, it would be very inconvenient for them to lay at the Landing-place above Bridge in bad Weather, being more exposed to South-eastdrly Winds than below Bridge; but he knows of no Accident that ever happened to any Boat there: That the Witness has founded the Water, and has found it much shallower, being not Half so deep at the Stairs above as at the Stairs below Bridge: That it is uncertain how long Vessels may be obliged to lie at the Market; but that Boats may come to the lower Stairs at Low-water, when they cannot come to the upper Stairs: That, at the Off-Side of the upper Stairs, there is a Shelf or Sand Bank which runs towards the Bridge; and at (ometimes you may comean Hour, sometimes an Hour and an Half, sooner to the lower Stairs than to the upper.

And being aiked, whether those Inconveniencies might not be dispensed with for'Three or Four Months ? he answered, I cannot say.

And being a/ked, whether Vessels laden with other Materials had not lain at the upper Stairs? he said. He could not tell.

Mr. Styles, being examined as to the Difference between the landing at the lower Stairs and the upper, laid. It is very considerable; since the short Tide that goes through the Bridge would often oblige the Boats to go beyond the Stairs, for Fear of Damage, which would prevent their being at Market, and occasion the spoiling the Fish.

Mr. Labelye, being further examined, said, That there

is the same Depth of Water at the Stairs above Bridge as below 5 and that he does not know of any Inconve-niency which would occur to the Wbrks of the Bridge,

from

2 3 Geo. II. 19* — 20 92,1

from holding the Market at the Place proposed, except the Expence of making a Pair of temporary Stairs, and another Cheque: That he cannot say what the Expence of another Cheque would amount unto; but the Stairs would cost between 50 and £. 100.

Mr. James SteJman being asked the same Question, he laid, That the Expence of such a Pair of Stairs would be about £. 10; and that he, the Witness himself, would undertake to make such Stairs for £.:

That Boats lying at such Stairs would be Ibrne Obstruction t but if the Stairs were made at the lower Side of the Wharf, the Obstruction would be less.

Mr. Labelye further informed your Committee, That 40 Foot along Bridge St, from the Corner of the House, upwards, making a Triangle within; and 40 Foot from the Corner of Canon , downwards, making a Triangle inward; may be allowed, though with some Inconveniency; and that the Witness should not be against the immediate conveying the Land,- under a Reservation of the Use thereof for the Bridge for One Year.

Thomas Ledtard Esquire, Surveyor to the said Commissioners, being aiked, whether all the Materials, which liein the Sheds on the (aid Ground, belong to the Bridge? he said, That great Part of them do; but that a private Person has the Occupation of the said Sheds and Ground; and he believes some of the Materials are his own.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the forthwithOpening of a FreeMarket for the Sale of Fish, in the City oi upon the Piece of Ground allotted by Act of Parliament, will be of Utility to the Publick, and conduce to the lowering the Price of Fish, and the Encouraging of the Fishery,

which is a great Nursery for Seamen.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all that Piece of Ground near Canon Row, which was in the Possession of the Commissioners of the Bridge when the Act passed for making a free Market for the Sale of FHh within the City of Westmitjler, &c. ought immediately to be conveyed to the Trustees for the said Market, upon their paying the Consideration Money in the said Act mentioned; but that, for the better carrying on and finishing the Works of the said Bridge, there ought to be a Clause in the said Conveyance, reserving to the Commissioners of the Bridge the Use of Part thereof for a Wharf and Working Yard for one Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the opening forthwith of a free Market for Fish, until the said Land can be entirely surrendered to the Use of the Fish Market, it will be necessary that the Ground 40 Foot in Front, along the North Side of Bridge Street, from the Corner of the House upwards, making a Triangle within, and 40 Foot from the Corner of Canon Row, downwards, making a Triangle inwards with a Communication between the said Two Pieces of Ground, being Part of the said Ground for the said Fish Market, be immediately put into the Possession of the said Trustees, that a temporary Market may be forthwith erected thereupon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trustees for the said Market shall forthwith have free Liberty of the Stairs and Landing-places of the said Stairs on the North Side of the Bridge for the Use of the said Market.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Land Ta*.' for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One

V01. 45.

thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, without any Amend, ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act |"PPty for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry Annuities. Interest. after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest; therein mentioned, without any Amendment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lindegren'i for naturalizing Charles Lindegren, without any Amend- Nat. ment: And alto,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Henry Joly, without any Amendment: Nat*

And also, 'j no

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Lavie'a for naturalizing Germain Lavie, without any Amend* Nat* ment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ogier's, &c. for naturalizing Tkmas Abraham Ogier and Peter Hinry. ° Nat. Gauvain, with some Amendments: To:which Amend-.' meats the Lords define the Concurrence of this HoafeJ And then the Messengers withdrew. ' t

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the *>itt». Amendments, made by the Lords, to thi' Bill, intituled;

An Act for naturalizing Thomas Abraham Ogier and Peter Henry Ganvain:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as fot. loweth; viz.

Prels 1. L. 6. After " Poitou" -leave out "and," and insert " \n. FranceV" -

L. 9. After " Poitou, " insert " aforesaid;

" Magdalen Lefebure, Daughter of Samuel Ltfebmre- by 1 '

Elizabeth Henrietta his Wife, Horn at Harlem to " land; Lewis Chauvet, Son of John , byf Mary

his Wife, born in St. Fort furGikond in the Province of Xaintonge in France; Peter Ogier, Son of " Ogier, by Catherine his Wife, born at Moncoutand, -in

" the Province of Poitou aforesaid; and Georgi Stockfleth,

" Son of Hans Stockfleth, by Regiha his Wife, born " at Hamburgh

L. a 1. Leave out and and, after

vain," insert " Magdalen Lefebure, Lewis Chauvet,

" Peter Ogier, aj»d George Stockfleth :,r '

L. 25. After *‘ Ogier," leave out " and;" and, in the same line, after " Gakvain," insert " -

len Lefebure, Lewis Chauvet,' Peter Ogier, and George

Stockfleth :" -

Press 2. L. 27. After " Ogier," leave out "and

L. *8. After " Gauvain," insert Magdalen " Lefebure, Lewis Chauvet, Peter Ogier, and George " Stockfleth:"

L. 36. After " Ogier," leave out and L. 37. After " Gauvain," insert " Magdalen " Lefebure, Lewis Chauvet, Peter Ogier, and George

« Stockfleth :"

In the Title of the Bill, L. 3. Leave out* and;" and, at the End, add " and others."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. fVimtington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. \

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 20° die Decembrist

Anno 11* Georgii II. Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to Westw00<£ whom the Petition of the GentlenJen, Freehold- Sec. ers, Landholders, and other Inhabitants, in the Counties Roadt. of Bedford and Northampton,.^ofc Names are thereunto

11 B subscribed.

Condemned

Scores.

Tower Ham-leu Small Debts.

922 lo'Decembris. — 90 Januarii. A. 1749.

subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed hifn to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Arthur Brooke was examined: Who said. That the said Road is a publick Highway, and is in many Parts thereof in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Satute-work is not sufficient to put the same in good Repair.

Being further examined, he laid. That a Toll is taken on the behalf of the Marquis of , at Ditch-

ford Bridge, upon some Carriages; but that the same is,

notwithstanding, deemed a public Highway.

Mr. Thomas Eyre was also examined; and said. That the said Road extends 24 Miles and an Half in Length; and is, for about Three Miles at each End thereof, in a very ruinous Condition; and that some of the Inhabitants Lave not only performed their Statute-work, but also raised Six Pence in the Pound, which has not been sufficient to repair their Part of the said Road.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Westwood Gale, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of over

Ditchford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of , to the Town

of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester: And that Mr. Thomas Gere, Sir J , Mr. Offfey, and Mr. Alftone, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of Provisions and Victualing Stores that have been condemned and disposed of, between the xoth April 1748, and the 16th November 1 749, with the Amount thereof.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

9

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-men, Housholders, and Shopkeepers, within the Tower Hamlets, in the County of Middlesex, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of , whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That in the said Hamlets are carried on several large Manufactories, which employ great Numbers of Artificers and Handicraft People, who cannot support themselves and their Families without Ctedit; and that many of the Petitioners lie under great Discouragement from giving Credit for small Sums to such working Persons, and others, who, although well able to pay, yet frequently refuse so to do, presuming on the Difficulty their Creditors lie under, from the Charge and Expence in fuingfor such Debts, and the Delays even after obtaining Judgment; and that the giving Tr&defmen, and others, an easy and speedy Method for recovering their just Debts at a small Expence, will, as the Petitioners apprehend, greatly tend to the promoting Ihdustry, and supporting useful Credit: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy"Recovery of small Debts within the said Hamlets; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conli-deration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smithson, Colonel bert, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. H-ardtnge, Mr. Sy-5

denham, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. , Mr. IVe/l, Mr,

Prowse, Sir Peter Thompson, Sir John , Mr.

ter, Mr. Browne, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Elliot, Sir Robert Burden, Mr. , Lord Geo. ville, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Compti oiler, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Compton, Sir IVMr.

Metcalfe, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Plumer-, and all the Members who Live for the Counties of , Essex, and

Surry, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Weeks, resolveitfelfinto aCommitteeof the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Henry Be/leuden, Gentleman-Ulhcr of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,.

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year Or.e thousand Seven hundred and Fifty:

An Act for reducing the several Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned:

An Act for naturalizing Thomas Abraham , Peter Henry Gauvain, and others:

An Act for naturalizing Charles Lindegren:

An Act for naturalizing Henry Joly:

An Act for naturalizing Germain Lavie:

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Fortnight, the 9 th Day of next. Nine of the

Clock in the Morning.

Martis, 90 die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Francis Blake DcJaval Esquire beat Liberty to withdraw his Petition, complaining of an undue Election and Return for the Borough in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Totness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir John Strange Knight; who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Matter and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery. '

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament

Way* and Mean*.

Supply.

Royal Assent to Bill*.

Andortr

Elt&iou.

Totnefi

Writ.

Lancaster

Writ.

23 Geo. II. 90---11

Parliament for the County of in the room of

Richard Shuttleworth Esquire, deceased.

Ynrmonth A Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending.

Haven, &c. maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of1 Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and all'o for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. IVodehouJe, Mr. IVa!pole, Mr. Hume

Campbell, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Chauncy Townsend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Mr. Met-

calfe, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Thomas Metcalfe, Mr.

Winnington, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mitchell, S]mfohti,

Mr. Hora. IValpolejunior, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mr.

Pytt, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Mr. Vane, Mr. West,'

Mr. Nortl.ey, Mr. Stone, Mr. Compton, Mr. Ashe, Mr. Richards, Mr. Prowse, Admiral , Lord Bal-

timore, Mr. Fellowes; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

South Shields A Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants Road. within the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, the Road leading from South Shields, in the County of Durham, to Monk IVearmouth Shore, and from thence to Newcastle upon Tyne, by reason of the Deepness of the Soil, and many heavy Carriages passing along the fame, is become very ruinous, and much out of Repair; and that, in the Winter Seafori, many Parts thereof arc l'o bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pal's along the same without Danger: And therefore, in regard the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, be effectually amended without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, being not of Ability to amend the fame, praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a bill for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid, by such Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Oldered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Vane, Mr. West, Mr. Stone, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir John Cust, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Harris, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. Vane junior, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Winning!on, Mr. Edw. Walpole, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Pytt, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Mitchell, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Lewis, Mr.

y Januarii 913

lift, Mr. Child, Mir. Hamilton, Mr. Northey, Mr. Lyf-ter, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProRor, Sir Thomas Rhbinfonand all the Members who serve for the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay. before thi* Dutiei on House, an Accobnt of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749* Gla&, &c. of the Income of the additional Rates and Dufies on Glass Wares and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the le-; veral Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock'.

Mercurii, 10° die Januartt;

Anno 23"- Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Praters.

H E Orders of the Day being read;

X Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Ways Morning next, refofve itself into a Committee of the an<* Means, whole House, to consider further, of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to.his Majesty.

Resolved, That this Hofue will, upon Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grapted to his Majesty.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant CheUca Pen-to their Address to his Majesty, sioners, tec.

Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1750.

He also presented to the House, by his Majesty's Command, Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1750: And also,

By his Majesty's Command, presented likewise a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1750.

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Lift were read.

The Estimate of Allowances, and the said Lift, are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

And the other Estimate is as followeth;

ESTIM A T E of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1750.

Per Diem. For 365 Dayi.

9,087 Out-pensioners, (landing at present upon the Books of the Hospital, £> d- £. s. d.

at 5 d. per Diem each ----- --- 189 6 3 69,099 1 3

100 Letter-men, at 12 d. per Diem each ----- -- 5 1,825

31 Serjeants, at yd. per Dim each - - - - 1 3 3 424 6 3

From which Deduct, 198 9 6 71,348 7 6

The Sum of Six thousand Five hundred Pounds, which, by Estimation, may be applicable towards defraying this Expence, out of the Poundage of the Forces, for the Year 1750' ----- -- 6,500 — —

Remains to be granted upon account for the Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hof-pi tal, for the Year 1750 ----- ----- £ 64,848 7 6

War Office,

9th Day of January 174'.

V OL. 25.

H. Fox.

Ordered,

924 10° — ii Janmrii. A. 1749-

Duties on Glass,

Ordered, That the said Estimate? and Lift do lie upon the Table*-to be perused by the Members of the House.

; And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovisy ii° die Janvarii;

Anno 23* Georgii II4' Regis, 1749. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door)

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the Income of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass Wares and spirituous Uquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and But^Tbs, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the Income of the additional Rates and Duties on Glass Wares and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign; viz.

For Annuities for Lives -

For the Bank, for Annuities at £ 4. per Cent, per Annum

For Charges of Management - - - - _ -

For the Ulher -

' In Calli, at Christmas 1749; viz.

Additional Duty on low Wines, since Lady-day 1746 Ditto on British Spirits since D# - -

Duty on Glass £nce D* -

I-

- 21,815 *5 —

- 60,000 — —

- 843 15 —

10 17 6

- 8,686 — 91

- 18,287 — 3

- 16,065 *9 7

£. s. d. 82,670 7 6

43.°39 — 7>

Deficiency at Christmas 1749 Exchequer, nth January 1749.

R'. Jennings.

39.631

6 10J-

Hake's

Nat.

Hampton

Bridge.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bill for naturalizing Englebert Hake mas committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Petition of James Clarke, of East Moullfey, in the Country of Surry, Esquire, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read j setting forth. That King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent under his Great Seal, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of March, in the 29th Year of his Reign, granted and

demised to Sir James Clarke, the Petitioner's Grandfather,

since deceased? amongst other Things, all the Manor'of East Moullfey, with the Appurtenances, in the County of

Surry j and also all those Passages of Water upon the River Thames, called Hampton Court , between East Moullfey and Hampton Court; and Hampton Ferry, between Moullfey and Hampton Town, and the Boats thereto belonging; and all Customs, Tolls, and Profits, whatsoever, thereunto appertaining, being Part of the Manor of East Moullfey, in the County of Surry aforesaid, and Parcel of the Pof-sessions of the Honour of Hampton Court aforesaid; to hold the said Manory Passages, and Ferries, with the Appurtenances, unto the said ‘Sir James Clarke, his Executors, Ad-fiaTnistrators, and Assigns, from the Expiration of a certain Term of Years before granted, unto the said Sir James Clarke, which expired in the Year 1698, for and during a long Term of Years, at and under certain yearly Rents

in the said Letters Patent reserved; and that the said Sir James Clarke, the Petitioner's Grandfather, held and enjoyed the said Manor, Ferries, and Premises, under the said Letters Patent, to the Time of his Death, which happened on or about the 31 ft Day of March 1703; and that, upon the Death of the said Sir James Clarke his Son, Sir James Clarke, the Petitioner's Father, since also deceased, entered upon and enjoyed the said Manor, Ferries, and Premises, to the time of his Death, which happened on or about the 16th Day of April 1^28; and that, upon the Death of the Petitioner's said bather, the Petitioner became intitled to the said Manor, Ferries, and Premises, for the Remainder of the said Term of Years granted, and demised by his late Majesty, as aforesaid: That the Two said Ferries now are, and for many Years last part have been, lett to Persons who have, or ought to have, made it their constant Business to attend, and carry over Persons, Cattle, and Carriages, passing and repassing at the said Ferries: And that passing of Rivers by Ferries being at bed very tedious, and, in time of Floods and high Winds, exceedingly troublesome, and sometimes very dangerous, many Applications have been made to the Petitioner, for building a Bridge at Hampton Court, as a Matter that would be of general Use and Advantage to the Publick, and particularly to all Persons having Occasion frequently to pass and repass the said River; and that, upon such Application, and in order to contribute every thing in the Petitioner's Power for effecting so de-firable a Work, the Petitioner caused a View to be taken of the Place'proposed for building the said Bridge, and finds the same every Way proper for the Purpose, as well in respect to the Navigation, as to the Bed and Banks of the said River, such Bed and Banks being a very strong and firm Gravel; and at East Moullfey, where One Foot of the intended Bridge is proposed to stand, all Barges and other Vessels going up the River, and requiring Cattle to draw them, always take fresh Horses; and that the Petitioner therefore is advised, and apprehends, that a Bridge built from Hampton Court to East Moullfey will not be the least Obstruction to the Navigation of the said River; and that the Petitioner, in order to promote to the utmost-of his Power every thing that may be advantageous

23 Geo. II.

geous to the Publick, upon a reasonable Satisfaction being made for the Loss of the Profits arising by the said Ferries, is willing, on his Part, to erect, or cause or permit to be erected, a Bridge over the River of Thames, from Hampton Court to ' East Moullfey aforesaid; but as the Place where the said Bridge is to be built is not only very near One of the Royal Palaces, but also is Part of the Inheritance of the Crown; and such Bridge cannot be erected without the Aid of an Act of Parliament: Therefore praying, That the House will be pleased to take the Premises into Consideration; and give Leave that a Bill may be brought in lor the Purpose aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Gore, General

Onslow, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Mr. Mr. , Mr. Chauncey Townsend, Mr. West, Sir Peter Mr. Hay, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Mr.

Hume, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr. Hill, Mr.

reau, Colonel Abercrombie, Lord Mr. Frederick,

Mr. Martini Mr. Compton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. chier, Mr. Thornton, Kir. , Mr. Sir Miles

Stapylton, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Fletcher, Mr. A ledlycot, Mr. Mr. Villiers;

and all the Members who serve (or the Counties of Middlesex, and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

French Ship?, The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exe-

andadded*to^ cu*'nS Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Bri-the Navy. tainypresented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of the Number of French or Spanish Vessels of War purchased since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, that are at this present time Part of the Royal Navy; as likewise what Number of Ships belonging to his Majesty's Navy have been condemned or disposed of, and are not at this time Part of the Royal Navy. '

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Sessioti.

Kendall's A Petition of Beckford Kendall Cater Esquire, hereto-Name. fore called Beckford Kendall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Cater, late of ston, in the County of Bedford, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-second Day of June 1726, gave all his Messuages and Hereditaments to his Cousin Robert Kendall, for his Life; with Remainder to his First and other Son fuc-cefiively, in Tail Male; and, for want of such Issue, then to the Petitioner, for his Life; with Remainder to his First. and every other Son successively, in Tail Male; with Remainders over; upon Condition that the said Robert Kendall and the Petitioner, and their respective Sons, as they came into Possession of the said Estate, should take upon them the Surname and Arms of Cater, and procure an Act of Parliament for that Purpose as loon as conveniently might be; and that the said Robert Kendall, being in Possession of the said Premises, did, in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, obtain an Act of Parliament, whereby the Surname and Arms of Cater was settled upon the said Robert Kendall (then called Robert Cater) and his Issue Male: That the said Robert Cater, afterwards Sir Robert Cater, who is deceased, had Issue Male One Son only, viz. Oxwicke Cater; and that the said Oxtvicke Cater died on or about the Fifth Day of May 1749, without Issue Male; upon whole Death the Petitioner entered on the said Premises; and hath ever since been, and now is, in Possession thereof; and took upon himself, and used, the Surname and Arms of Cater, in Vot. *5.

5

Performance of the Condition contained in the said Will; and is desirous that the said Surname and Arms of Cater may be established on him and his Issue Male by Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave to bring in a Bill for enabling the Petitioner, and jiis Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Lyfler, Mr. Fellowes, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of John PeterMandrot and Lewis Mnndrot'*,

was presented to the House, and read; praying, That &c. Nat. Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Hay and Mr. Hardinge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That M x.Winnington, Mr. Mr. Colleton, Tower Ham-

Admiral Vernon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Gildart, Sir Richard let* Small

Lloyd, General Oglethorpe, Mr. IVtlkinfor, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. ®ebts*

Kent, Mr. Richards, Sir Francis Poole, Sir Stapylton,

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Sandy s, Mr. Lamb ton, Mr. Mr.

Pitt, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Vaughan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, Householders, and Shopkeepers, within the Tower Hamlets, in the county of ,

and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes,

Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, is referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V1enerisy 120 die J;

Anno 23* Georgii if* Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Townshendjtpottt^ from the Committee, Dr. Mort-to whom the Bill to enable Roger , Doctor k>ck's Name,

in Divinity, now called Roger Pettiward, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of liward, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fime to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingross'ed.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Englebert Hake, was Make'* Nat. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pdfs: And that the Title be.

An Act for naturalizing Englebert Hake.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Grand Jury, Freeholders, and Inha- M;dd|ff(.x bitants, of the County of Middlesex, whose Names are Small Debt*, thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the Laws now in being, the Petitioners, and the other Inhabilants within the said County, are without any Remedy for the Recovery of small Debts within the said County, but such as is greatly burthensome and expensive to the Suitor, and greatly of-prelflve to the poor Debtors within the said County; a^»d that, from Time immemorial, the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex hath held and kept a County Court before the Freeholders of the said County, where to all the said Freeholders and Inhabitants have had a Right to sue for the

11 C Recovery

1i° — 12°

V

20 is — xj° JanuariL 1749*

Recovery of their Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings; but that the Proceedings in the said Court, being according to the strict Rules of the Common Law, have been found to be of little Advantage to the Trades-men and other Creditors, and greatly oppressive to the poor Debtors within the said County; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said County Court might, by the Wisdom of Parliament, be put under such Regulation and Restraint as might make it an ufefnl and equitable Judicature for the Recovery of small Debts, at an easy Expence, within the said County: And therefore praying the House to give Leave, That a Bill be brought in for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesex; and for the more easy Recovery of small Debts within the said County; or that the House will give such other Relief in the Premises as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir , Mr.

Mr. Page, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Francis , Mr.

Norlhey, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. of Calder, Sir John

Barnard, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Clift, Mr.

Selwyn, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Lev. Gower, Sir Tynt'e, Mr. Hill, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Tracey, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Mcilish, Mr. Bath Sir Miles Mr.

Moretou, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Martin, Sir fVm. Calvert, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Phillipson, Lord

Dupp/in, Mr. Carmichael, S\rFrancis Mr.

Mr. Townshend, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Mr.

lycot, Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Alderman Bethel/, Mr. Tonfon, Mr. Alderman Janjfcn, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charles Mr

Mr. Belchier, Mr. White, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Mr. Montague, Mr. Hor, Walpole junior, Sir John Saville, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Frankland, Lord Colonel,

Sir "John Turner, General Onslow, Colonel Holmes, Mr. zakerley, Mr. Child; and all the Members, who. serve for the County of Middlesex:And they are to meet this

Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty concluded at Whitehall, the 27th April 1744, with the Elector of Mentz, and Translation (presented to the House upon tire 28th Day of January 1744) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Act of Prolongation of the Treaty of Friendship and Alliance between his Majesty the King of Great Britain and his Electoral Highness of Mentz, concluded and signed at Whitehall, 17th June 1747, and Translation (presented to the House upon the 19th Day of January 1747) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Treaty of Friendship, good L'nderstanding, and Subsidy between his Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesse the States General, on the One Part, and his Serene High-ness the Elector of Bavaria, On the other Part; by virtue whereof, and for the Subsidies therein stipulated, his most Serene and Electoral Highness yields to the Pay of the States General, for the Term of Four Years, a Body of Infantry, with its Staff, Artillery, (Ac. to be employed during this time in the Service of the maritime Powers, Munich, the 21st of July 1746, and Translation (presented to the House upon the zid Day of January 1746) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Subsidiary Convention between his Majesty and the States General, on the One Part, and the Duke of Wolfenbuttle, on the other; signed

at the Hague, the ill of February 1748, N. S. and Translation (presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1747) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Out-pensioners of Chesta Hospital, for the Year 1750, be. referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge for Allowances unto the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and unto the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That a List of the Widows of such reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines who died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Britain, and who were married to them before the 25th December 1716; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof for the Year 1750; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the Income of the additional Rates and Duties on Glals Wares and spirituous Liquors, for satisfying the several Annuities chargeable thereupon by an Act ol Parliament of the 19th Year of his Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses dated at Lady-day 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses ftaced at Michaelmas 1749, he referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr Fane also acquainted the House, That he waa directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn-next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 150 die Jamtarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Pr A YBRS.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Oxenford, imports, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended to Swede*, at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, purfoant to their Order, an Account of the Imports and Exports from and to Sweden, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and each S, ecies of Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Merchants, Owners of Ships, and i0yn? others, of the Town and Port of La in the County Xavjg«tio*. Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Trade and Commerce of the said Town and Port of Lancaster, to and from the West Indies, and many other Parts, has of late Years, by

the

33 Geo. II. 150 Januarii. 927

the Spirit and Industry of its Inhabitants, been very con- the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power lidcrably advanced, to the great Encouragement and In- to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, crease of the Mariners and Seamen in those Parts; and

that the River Loyne, which is navigable from the Bridge A Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto Manchester at Lancaster, and communicates with the Sea, is at pre- subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parlia- Roads,

sent, in many Places, extremely dangerous and difficult ment, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his pre* to Ships entering and failing up and down the said River; lent Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and ‘ and that the only Place of Anchorage at the said Town of amending the Roads leading from the Town of Man-Lancaster is, by reason of the Shoals, and Inequality of chester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ground, very unlafe for the Mooring of Ships deeply Ashton under and Parish of Mottram Longdendale,

laden, on their first Arrival; and that, by the Frequency and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine and Rapidity of the Land Floods or Freshes, the Shoals of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting and Banks have beeh violently torn up and carried away, forth, That, by the said Act, several Tolls and Powers and many Ships thereby overset, or otherwise much da- were granted to Trustees therein mentioned, for the Term . maged in their Hulls and Cargoes; and that, for want of of Twenty-one Years, commencing from the First Day proper and convenient Quays and Wharfs for taking in of May 1732, for repairing the said Highways; and that and dischargingGoods and Merchandizes, the Loading and the Trustees, the better to enable them to answer the Unloading of Ships has been rendered very tedious and Intention of the said Act, by carrying on the Repairs of precarious, to the great Detriment of the Merchant, as the said Reads with Effect, have, from time to time, taken well as often to the Loss of the Revenue; and that, for up at Interest considerable Sums of Money on the Credit preventing the like Inconveniences for the future, the Pe- of the said Act; and have duly applied the fame, together titioners have agreed for a certain Parcel of Land, with the with the Money arising by the said 'Polls, to the several several Parties interested therein, lying on the South-weft Purposes by the said Act directed; notwithstandingwhich.

Side of the said River, in order to erect proper and com- the said Roads are (from the many heavy Carriages which modious Quays and Wharfs, with other Conveniencies, for daily pass through them from and other Parts,

the Use and Improvement of the said Navigation, under in the County of York, to the Towns of Manchester and and subject to a certain annual and improved Rent; and Warringin the County of Lancaster, and particularly that it is absolutely necessary, for the Preservation of the during the late War, when the Sea Trade was obiftrufted)

Shipping, that Buoys should be placed at the Entrance of continually breaking up in different Places, and thereby the Channel, and many other Parts of the said River, and rendered very bad, especially in the Winter Season; and Land-marks erected, for guiding and directing the Sea- such Parts thereof as have been already amended will, in a men to and from the said Town; and that a Place of short time, become ruinous again, if Care be not taken Safety should be made for the Reception of Vessels at the constantly to repair the fame; and that the Petitioners Mouth of the said River, or thereabouts, on their first find, from the yearly Account of the said Toll, that the Arrival from Sea, until, by putting up of the Spring Repairs of the said Roads, directed to be amended by Tides, the said Vessels may be enabled to pursue their the said Act, cannot, during the Term aforesaid, be Voyage to the said intended Quays or Wharfs at Lancaster; completed, and the Debt due be repaid, unless the Term and that such a Place of Safety, at or about the Mouth and Powers granted by the said Act be enlarged: And of the said River, would not only be of Service to the therefore praying. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Ships trading to and from the said Town and Port of for enlarging the Term, andcontinuing the Powers, granted Lancaster, but would afford a Shelter or Protection to his in and by the said Act, in such Manner, and for such Majesty's Ships of War, or Merchant Ships not belong- Term,- as to the House shall seem meet, ing to the said Town of Lancaster, which should be forced Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

in there through Distress of Weather, or otherwise; and sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine that the Petitioners judge it impracticable to carry into the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear Execution the said Projects, for the Benefit and Advantage to them, to the House:

of the said Navigation, unless a Duty or Tonnage is let And it is referred to Lord Strange, Admiral , and imposed upon every Ship or Ships trading or coming General Onftow, Mr. , Mr. P/umer, Mr. Hay, Mr. into the said River with any Goods or Merchandize: Warburton, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sir Francis Poole,

And therefore praying the House will give Leave, That a Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Nesbitt,

Bill may be brought in for building a Quay or Wharf, Lord Parker, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Colonel

with other Conveniencies, upon the said Land agreed Elliot, Mr. Mr. Mr. Compton, Mr.

upon for that Purpose, subject to an annual Rent, and Comyns, Mr. Mr. , Colonel Leslie, Lord

for securing the fame; and for placing Buoys, erecting EgmontSir Mr. Mr.

Land-marks, and making such Place or Places of Safety, Mr. Proby, Sir John Cud; and all the Members who serve

at the Mouth of the said River, or thereabouts, as shall be for the Counties of Chester, and York: And

found necessary; and likewise for laying a Tonnage on they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in

all Ships trading or coming into the said River with any the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for

Goods or Merchandize, to be veiled in Trustees, accord- Persons, Papers, and Records.

ing to such Rates, and with such Powers, Provisions, and

Authorities, as to the House shall seem meet. A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Leicester

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ancient Borough of and other Inhabitants of Streets-

Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Parts adjoining to the said Borough, was presented to the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall the House, and read; setting forth, That the Borough appear to them, to the House: of Leicester, and the Parts adjoining to the said Borough,

And it is referred to Mr. Reynolds, Colonel Haldane, is become a Place of great Extent, and very numerous

Mr. Marlon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Thorn- in its Buildings and Inhabitants; and that, by reason of hagh, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Monckton, Lord Strange, Mr. many Robberies and Burglaries which of late Years have Phil/ipfon, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Humfreys, Sir John Cust, Sir been committed in the Night, there is great Need of a James Lowlher, Mr. Hay, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fox, Ad- regular and constant Watch to be kept there, and also miral Vernon, Mr. Hardinge, Mr, Warburton, Mr. White, Lamps to enlighten the Streets, Lanes, and publick Lord Gage, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Places; and that by reason of the great Quantities of Dirt Martin, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. and Filth that lies there, which renders the Place unhealth-

Alderman Betkell; and all the Members who serve for ful, there is great Need of publick Scavengers to cleanse the Counties of Lancaster, WeJlmoreland, Cumberland, and the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Places; and that, in York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the said Borough, and Parts adjoining, there are several '

Vol. 25. - publick

t

pi8y i'50 JanUarji. A. 1740;

publick Pumps and Wells, which, in calc of Fire, and many other Occasions, are very useful and serviceable to the said Inhabitants, the necessary Repairs of which are not sufficiently provided for by Law: And that the said Borough and Parts adjoining have no Power to make Rates, or oblige the Inhabitants to pay towards a nightly Watch, or to enlighten and cleanse the Streets, or repair the publick Pumps and Wells, without the Aid and Affi (lance of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and give the Petitioners such Reiief as to the House dull seem fit, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Lord , Sir

John CuJI, Mr. Smith, Mr. , Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Feilowes, General Onslow, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Thomas Mr.

Tlumptre, Mr. Fyner, General , Mr. Mr.

Hay, Mr. Knight ley. Sir RBurdett, Mr. Mar ton, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Whittington, Sir Lionel , Mr. Bacon,

Mr. Fenton, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Martin, Mr. Faughan, Mr. Filliers, Mr. Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Bankes, Mr Archer-, and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Leicester, Nand And

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speller's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

MarHrot's, Mr. Hay presented to the House, according to Order, See.Nat. ;i Bill for naturalizing John Peter and Lewis

Chabanel:And the same was received; and read the Fnft

time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

York Roads. A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and others, the principal Inhabitants of the North-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the High Road leading from a Place called Burton St, at the South Ead End of Clifton, in the North-Iliding of the County of adjoining upon the Suburbs of the City of York, to the Towns of -Ship/on, Eajingwo/d, and Thornton le Street, and

from thence to the South East End of in

the said Riding, (being the nearest Road from the said City of 7ork to the City of the Town of

castle upon Tyne, and the City of is, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous and much out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, is lb very bad, that Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pals along the same without great Difficulty, and the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be nude for railing Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing and amending the Roads aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration ofa Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir

Miles Stapy/toii, Mr. Gwy Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Hay, Lord Dupplin, General , Mr. Humfreys,

Mr. Hill, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Richards, Mr. Mr. Wat Jon,

Mr. Winnington, Mr. Smithe, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Charles Fenton, Mr. A'jlabie, Mr. Edmund Waller, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hope IP dr, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Charles Kent. Tyn/e, Mr. Wright, Mr. Mr. Turner,

Mr. Faughan, Mr. Compt, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Clayton, Mr. Yorke, Sir James Loivther, General Oglethorpe, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. War burton, Mr.

Lister, Lord Strange-, and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of York, Lincoln, Durham, Northumberland, and Westmoreland, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons,

Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- British night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *<&«/

to consider of the State of the Bri E ilhery.

A Pet ition of the Bailiffs, C hamberlains, Commonalty, Ditto,

and Fishermen, of the Town and Corporation of wold, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of South-wold hath, for Time out of Mind, been an ancient Filliing Town for Herrings and Sprats, which are redded by the Merchants, Fishermen, and others, residing in and near the said Town; and also for catching Cods, Skates, and other Line Fish, which has been the only Support of a great Number of Families, forfeveral Years iad pall: And that, to the Surprize of the Petitioners, the Dutch have, for better than Eight Years pad, lished in their Schuytes lb near the Shore, that their Nets have iv.ept upon the Ground; which not only sweeps the Herring Fish out of the Bay, but also hinders the Petitioners in laying Lines for Cod, Skates, and other Fish, as there have been One hundred Dutch Schuytes at a Time anchoring and driving in the said Bay, in Two or Three Fathom Water; so that the Petitioners, to their great Loss, cannot fish by Night or by Day: And that, if at any time the Petitioners inform them thereof, or give them the lead Umbrage for their foul Fishing, they threaten torun over them, and fink their Boats, or tear their Nets with their Lee Boards; which Proceedings, the Petitioners are informed, are contrary to Treaties, and, if not prevented, in future will be the intire Ruin of a great Number of Families: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and grant them such Relief as to the House shall seem meet:

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whol-r House, to whom it is referred to consider of the State of the British Fishery.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Poole County of Southampton be added to the Committee to H«rbour,4c-whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the Town of Poole, in the County of the same Town, is referred.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt of His Majesty's State of the Navy, as it flood at Christmas lad, be laid before this Navy Debt House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Limmn* limiting respective Times at, and Conditions upon which. Service in the every Non-commission Officer or Soldier now, or who rm*‘ may hereafter be such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be intitled to be discharged from the said Service, notwithstanding a Number of Forces by Land shall, by Authority of Parliament, be kept on Foot: And that Mr. Thomas Pitt, the Lord Baltimore, and Mr. Sydenham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Supply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-two thousand Three hundred Seventy-two Pounds Three Shillings and One Peny Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty.

Resolved,

43 Geo. II.

15° JanuariL

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-nipe thousan Nine hundred Ninety-three Pounds Three Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good his Majesty's Engagements with his most Serene Highness the Duke of Brunswick Wd/enbuttle, pursuant to Treaty

or Wines, made from British or foreign Fruit Or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Five, hundred Sixty-four Pounds Two Shillings and Ten Pence Half-peny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the

Resolve That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Six hundred good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glassahd spirituous and Twenty Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to make Liquors, at 1749.

good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of , That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Mentz, pursuant to Treaty. That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Six

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, hundred Thirty-one Pounds Six Shillings and Ten Pence That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hun- Half-peny. be granted to his Majesty, for making good died and Seventy-four Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, the Deficiency, at 1749, of the Duties on Glass

for paying of Pensions to the Widows of such reduced and spirituous Liquors.

Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, as The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second died upon the Establishment of Half-pay in Great Bri- time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, tain, and who were married to them before the Twenty- agreed to by the House. fifth of December 1716, for the Year 1750.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sura, not exceeding Five thousand One hundred and Seventeen Pounds Eleven Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the Charge for Allowances to the several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse, reduced, and to the superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Forty-nine thousand Eight

A Petition of the Honourable Edward Esquire,

being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr, Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty'l Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, hav* ing been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Petition was brought up, add read j set ting forth, That his present Majesty, by his Letters Patent,

W, lookS Grant from the Crowd*

hundred and Forty-eight Pounds Seven Shillings and Six under the Seal of his Court of Exchequer, bearing Date Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, to- the Third Thy of February, in the Fifteenth Year of his. wards defraying the Charge of Out-pensioners of Qkel/ea Reign, did demise and grant, for the Considerations there-Hospital, for the Year 1750. in mentioned, unto William Hall Esquire, the Manor of

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, in the County of Lancaster, with the Rights,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be Members, and Appurtenances, thereto belonging, and granted to his Majesty (out of the Monies, or Savings, *lfo a Messuage, or Tenement, with the Appurtenances arising from the Contingencies of the Army, in the Hands in Newbigginge, in Lon/dale, in the County of We/tmori-of the Paymaster General of his Majesty's Land Forces) land, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, from the 29th towards defraying the Charge of Out-pensioners of Chel- Day of September 1737: And that, on the 16th Day of fea Hospital, for the Year *750. 1742, the said William Hall assigned the said Prc*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, miles unto the Petitioner for the then Remainder of the That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-five thousand Pounds, said Term of Thirty-one Years: And that, upon the 22d be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund Day of October 1747, the Petitioner surrendered and re-the like Sum, paid out of the lame, to answer One Year's leased all his Interest in the said Premises'unto his Ma-Interest, due at Michaelmas 1749, after the Rate of Three jesty, who was thereupon gradously pleased, in Confide-Pounds Ten ShiHings per Centum per Annum, on the ration of the said Surrender, and of a considerable Fine, principal Sum of One million, lent on Credit of the Salt tore-demifeandgrant, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the Duties, which were continued for Six Years from Lady- laid i2d Day of October 1747, the said Premises unto the day 1753, towards the Supply for the Year 1745. Petitioner, for the Term of Thirty-one Years, upon a re-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, served Rent of Ten Pounds Eight Shillings per Annum, That a Sum* not exceeding Five thousand One hundred and upon other Conditions in the said Letters Patent par-Eighty-three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight Pence, ticularly mentioned: And that the Petitioner hath not

be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum, paid out of the Dame, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties at Christmas *748. _

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, common High Road from London to the West of

been able to find out or discover the said Messuage of Hewbigginge; and consequently no Advantage hath arisetl to him from that Part of the said Grant: And that the Town of Gar/tang is a Market Town, situated in the

That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Seven hundred Twenty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence, be granted *0 his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Duty on Licences for retailing of spirituous Liquors, at Lady-day 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

land, and in the Center of a Circuit of above 20 Miles, in which there is no other Market Town: And that, if the said Town was improved, it would be of publick 'Utility, and greatly tend to the Encouragement and ln-crease of Trade and Manufactures in the said Town, and the adjacent Country; but that the said Edward Walpole, being only possessed of the Premises for the Remainder of

That a Sum, not exceeding Seven thousand One hundred the said Term, is discouraged from any Attempt to make Ninety-six Pounds Four Shillings and Five Pence Half- such Improvements: And therefore praying. That Leave peny, be granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking may be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty to Fund the like Sum paid out of the lame, to make good grant the Inheritance of the said Estate to the Petitioner the Deficiency of the additional Duties on Wines at upon such a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for

fiftd/ummer 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Three hundred Sixty-one Pounds Ten Shillings and One Peny, be

granted to his Majesty, to replace to the Sinking Fund the and Mr. do prepare, and bring in,

like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Defici- fame, epey of the Duty of Twelve Shillings a Barrel on Sweets

Voi.. 2^. - 11 D , A Petition

the fame, as shall be estimated and valued by the proper Officers of the Crown.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: AnJ that Mr.

the

939

i s" — 16°

A. 1^49*

Fulham . A Petition of the Tnaftees, whose Names are thereunto Road, 'subscribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his

Srelent Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the oad leading from the Town of , in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammerin the said County, was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by

Marti s, 16° die;

Anno 43° Georgii lidI Regjis, 1749!

Pray rr$.

A PETITION of federal of the Tniftees. appointed to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the Ond the said Act, several Tolls and Duties were granted and passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George made payable, for the Repair of the said Road; and feve- the First, and t he other in t he Twtlft h Year of the Rfeign tal Powers were given, which were to take Place and have of his present Majesty, for amending‘the High way sleadi

D ramp; on B) idge

Koous«

Continuance only from and after the Twentieth Day of flfay 1731, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years: And that the Petitioners, finding the said Read in a very ruinous Condition, and the annual Income arising by the said Tolls and Duties granted by the said Act not

ing from Brampton Bridge to Wei ford. Bridge, in 4he County of Non/tampion, and the great Poll Road from' Morter-pitt Hill, to Chain Brid, leading into' Market-Harborough, in the County of and of several

other Persons living in the Counties of Northampton*

being sufficient, the Petitioners have been obliged to bor- apd Nottingham, frequently passing through the

fow a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the said Roads, and also through the Roads leading from' said Act, for putting the said Road into Repair: And Morter-pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge* to the Town of that the Sum of Five hundred and Fifty Pounds princi- Northampton, whose Names are thoneunto subscribed, was pal Money is now due on the Credit of the said Act, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Thac the which Sum, together with the Income of the said Toll, Petitioners, the Trustees, find that the Tolls and Duties bath been duly applied towards the Repair of the said granted and continued by virtue of the said AftswiH not Road, and in discharging the Interest of the said principal raise a sufficient Sum of Money to complete the Repairs Money borrowed: And that although the said principal ot all the said Roads, during the fubfiUing Term granted, Sum of Five hundred apd Fifty Popads hath been duly several Parts of the same Roads being still in a ruinous applied, together with thelncome arising by the said Tolls Condition in the W inter Sealon, and cannot beeffectually' and Duties, towards repairing the said Road, yet such amended, during the Continuance of the said Acts, unless Road is a: present far from being sufficiently repaired, fbme further Powers be granted by Parliament for repair-nor can the same be effectually amended and kept in ing the fame: And that such Persons as frequently travel Repair for the future, of the aforesaid Debt be paid off, through the said Road, leading from Morter-pitt Hill and* 'unless the Term granted by the said Act, and the Powers Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton (which'

fiven thereby, be enlarged: And therefore praying, That Roads are much out of Repair) are desirous to have the ,eave may be given to bring io a Bill for enlarging the said Roads amended and made commodious for all 'Term' and Powers granted by the said Act, for so long Travellers, but that the same cannot be done unfeft some Tune, and in such Manner, as to the House shall feera Provision be made for railing Money for.that Purpose: 'meet. And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring

in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by the said former Acts, and for making the ' same Acts more effectual; and that Provision may be made in the said Bill for repairing the Roads leading from

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that, they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

( And it is referred to Sir Hugh Smilhfon, Mr. Frederick, Morter-pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Air, West, Mr. Wiwington, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Earle, Mr. Northampton aforesakl.

W % M f? / / % if /I f # t /) O 9 J M mm. /«

Bayntun, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Cufl, Sir Fdinund Thomas, Mr. Brookfbauk, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Hay, Lord Parker, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Wm. Beauchamp Procter, Mr. White, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Sir Rob.

Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Mar, Mr. Lyster, Admiral Vernon, Sir Dan. Osborne, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Fel/owes, Mr. Townshend,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edm. lfham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Cilrzon, Mr. Gybhon, Sir Nath. Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Ly/ler, Mr. Burrell, Mr. General

Mr. Ord, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Carmichael,

C 'H of th: House.

Lord Gage, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Smyth, Mr. Sir John Mr. Mr. Earle^ Mr. Maitland,

Mr. Bankes, Lord Mr. Mr. Child,

Mr. Bacon, Lord , Mr. Air. Setivyn, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Lord Mr. , Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Barry, Mr. Conyers, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Toung, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. blurt on, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Mr. Tracey: and all the

Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton, Lancajlar, Derby, Nottingham, and Bucks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Humfreys, Mr. Dodinglon, Mr. Lejlie, Sir Lionel Piikington,

Sir William Irby; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers* and Records.

The House was, according to Order, called over: And the Names of such Members, as made default to appear, were taken down.

Ordered, That the Names of such Members, as have made default to appear, be called over upon this Day Fortnight.

Way* ad Mean*.

A Petition of William Dicconfon Esquire, Metiora Die-confon his Wife, and John Chadwick Gentleman, Commit-The other Order of the Day being read; tees of the Reifon and Estate of Richard Stanley Esquire,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday a Lunatick, Lord of the Manor of CuU betk, in the County Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the of Lancaster, and of Sir Thomas Standish baronet. Lord of whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the Manor of John Blackbumei Esquire, Lord

o 1 ' 1 ' of the Manor of and Esquire, Lord

of the Manor of Holcroft, all in the County of Lancaster, and of the several other Persons, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, having Hight of Common in and upon

raising the Supply granted to his Majesty

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine of the Clock.

certain Commons and Walls Lands called Higher and Lower Twist, otherwise Twijfe Green, and a Common 12 ' called

Stanley's

Ellate.

Uaddingtoun

kokis.

Ho®ds.

23 Geo. II. i 6* yanuhrii 1 93?

called Fozvlcy Common, in the Parish of IVinwicJ, in the

laid County, was presented to the Iloufe, and read; letting forth, That by Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Twenty-sixth Day of December last, it was agreed. That the said Commons or Waste Lands should be divided and inclosed, for the mutual Benefit and Advantage of all the Parties concerned therein: And that, in order to avoid Difficulties and Disputes, touching such Division and In-t^ofure, the Commoners have, by the said Articles, referred the same to the final Determination of certain Per-' fons, thereby appointed, to apportion and divide the said Commons or Wade Hind*, to and among the Comtnon-er*. claiming Right therein, and to allot and layout Ways,

P iths, and Passages, to and for such Apportionments and Di visionsiefpedlivtly; but that, although carrying the said Articles into Execution will be of great Advantage to all tfic Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their several Properties, yet, by reafp 1 of the Disabilities of several of them, the same cannot be eflfedlually established, toan-lwer the good Intention of the Persons intcrcffed therein, without the Aid and Authority of Pailianjtnt: And therefore proving, That Leave may be given to bring in a Btirffir confirming and establishing the said Articles, and the ferern! Al'otmerits to be nude for the U'.c of the respective Parties concerned in the Trendies, in such manner as to the House shall teem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to 'the Prayer of th. fa:d I*etition: And that Mr.

Clayton and Mr. Bar.v do prcpaic, and bring in, the lame.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Heretors of the County of Haddingtowt, whole Names arc thereunto sub-

Icribed, was pafented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from Bridge, being

the Eastmost Limits of the said County, to a final 1 Brook called Raveljhauchburn, being the Westmost Limits of

the said County, is the Poll Road from London to Edinburgh: And that the said Road is become lo deep and ruinous, that it isalmoR impassable for Coaches, Waggons, and other Carriages, and is even dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and that the la.ne cannot be put in funreient Repair by the ordinar) Means already provided by the Laws in Force in that Part of the united Kingdom call.d Scotland, without the A.d of Parliament: And therefore praying t' e H lufc to take the Pr. mills info Consideration; and give Leave, That a B.!I may be b1 ought in fur repairing the fiv ' Ro-J in f..e., manner as to the Houfl fiuil f ern meet.

Ordered, That the said Peritlt n be referred to th.- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Mat ret- thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir High Mr. Sehvxn,

Mr. Ofwa'd, Mr.' Hay, Lo-d Eg m cut. Sir James Law t her, L.O'd Da,f"ith.Mr. Sydeniam, Mr Mr. IV 11 jo n.

Sir John Pr-ruzton, Mr. Thomas Toicnjhtnd. Lord Cage,

Lord Harle\, Lord Parker, Lord Strange, Admiral

Sir Tho. Hal s, Sir Peter Thompfca id all the Membcis

who f rve for North Britain, an I the Counties of Northumberland, Cvra^erland, and Westmoreland: And they are to meet this Alf.-rnoon at Five of the Clo k, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Record*.

A Portion of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Freeholder*, and other*. Inhabitants of the County of Cumberland, was pre'o.ted to the Iloufe, and read; letting f'lih. That the H'gh Roads leading from to E'ndtkn Bridge, Santrn Bridge, and ,in the County of :.'o:rla:ui (being the great Carriage Roads between ll'ldt. haven and the Towns of Lancaster and

Kenda,!)are very ruinous and out ot Repair, and, in many Places, to narrow, fur llvenl hundred Yards together, that Two Carii.iges cannot possibly pass by each oilier: And that the or:!.nary Court- :> appointed by the Ijwsand Statute* of tins Realm are n-.t fulTicient cftcdtualty to amend and widen the fame, the Inhabitants of the several Pari the*

V- i. 25.

and Places, through which such.lloatls do lead, filing un-ableto complete the Repairs thereof, without some further Aid by Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to^bring in a Bill, to impower Trustees to erect One or more Toli Gate or Toll Gates on ai)d cross t he said Roads; and to receive and take such Tolls and Duties, for the 1'peedy amending and keeping in Repair the said Roads, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to theiConsideration of a Committee: And that tjrey do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same, as it shall appear to them, to the Iloufe: ri

And it is referred to Sir James Colonel

den, Mr. Hoziard, Mr. Smith, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Colleton, Colonel Stannix, Mr Hay, Lord , Lord Par-

ker, Mr. Lewis, Mr. Harding;, Mr. Child, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Monday, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Dan. borne, Sir John Cust, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Al/tone, Mr. Mr. Dal/t one, Mr. Hoblyu, Mr. T Lord

Sackville, Mr. Fomreau, Mr KMr. Povtney, Boone, General Handajyde, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Feilo Mr. ^Ad-

miral Vernon, M . Frankland, Mr, Hill, General Oglethorpe-, and all the Members who-serve lor the Counties of Curbberland, Westmoreland, York, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, jn, the' Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Pajjers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the T ruflees, whose Names are thereunto subse-ibed, appointed to put in Execution Tvvcj several Acts of Parliament for repairing, widening, and amendingfthe Roads from fVigan to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, leading through the Towns of Standish, Cop-pul, Ghorley, Charnock, Euxton, Ley land, Clayton, Cuerdern,

Walton in le Dale, and Fishwick, and also through Charley, iValton in le Dale, and Fishwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Adit, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George -, as also by an Act, passed in the

Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, leyeral Tolls and Powers were granted for repairing the said Roads, which laid last Act was to take Place and have Continuance only from and after the First Day of June 1731, for and during the Term of O.ie-and-twenty Years: And that, the better to ai fiver the Intcutious of the said Act*, by carrying on the Repairs of the said Roads with Speed and Lffidt, the Trustees in-pow. red to put the said Acts in Execution have borrowed the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, upon the Credit thereof, and have applied the lame, together with the Money arising by the said Tolls, according to the Directions of the said Acts, not-witliffa ding which some Pans of the said Roads are, it* the Winter oeaion, by means of many heavy Carriages passing through the fame, very bad and ruinous, and such Parts thereof as have been amended will, in a ftiort time, become ruinous again, if constant Care be not taken to repair the fame: And t!iat the Petitioners find the Repairs of the said Roads, cannot, during the fub.sifting-Term, be completed, and the Money due on the Credit of the said Acts be repaid, unless the Term an.d Powers thereby granted be enlarged, and the said Acts made more elf dluai: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given t) bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Power* granted by the said Acts, for fuel) further Time or Term of Years, and in such manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-. sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to . them, to the House.

And it is referred to Lord Strange, Mr. Clayton, Mr: Barry, Sir John Cujt, Sir Thomas Eger ton, Mr. Prowse,

M r. Kynaston, Mr. El or they, Mr. Mr. 'Townshend,

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Tracey, M.. Mr.

Earle, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Lyjtcr, SwNath. Crvzon, Mr. Smyth. Mr. Fellowes, Lord

Wigan

Roads.

9J2

i (> Januarii. A. 1749.

Harley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Of-wild, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. West. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Boone, Mr. S Lord Parker, Gene* ral Oglethorpe, Mr. Page: And all the Members who

fetve for the Counties of Lancaster and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Water-Car- A Petition of sundry Bargemasters and Navijzators of the viage on die River Thames, whose Names are t hereunto subscribed, on Thames. behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That several Acts of Parliament have been made, and several Powers have been granted, from time to time, for settling tile Rate of Locks, for ascertaining the Price of Freight, and for making certain Rules and Orders to regulate the Navigation of the River Thames; and though these have not answered all the good Purposes they were intended to procure, yet it is undeniably true, that they have prevented a great Number of Evils, which must have otherwise accrued; but that as thefeAdf sand Orders will all be expired in a few Months, the Petitioners are under very alarming Apprehensions of the mischievous Consequences which must ensue; for that when the Rates of the Locks shall be subject to no Limitations, and the Barges in their Navigation regulated by " no Rules or Orders, great Obstructions must attend the Commerce, carried on by Water, between the City of London and the several Counties bordering upon the River Thames', which cannot but be exceedingly detrimental to Trade m general, and absolutely ruinous to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying. That, the Premises being taken into Consideration, the Evils the Petitioners point out may be guarded against by such Methods as the Parliament shall lee meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Powney, Mr. , Mr.

Godolphin, Lord Parker, Sir fVm. Irby, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Pye, Lord Egmont, Sir Beau.

Sir Rob. Burdelt, Mr. , Lord IVenman, Lord

Baltimore, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Leveson Gower, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Child, Mr. Gore, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Mellish , And all the Members whoserve for the Counties of Berks, Bucks, Oxford, Middlesex, Surrey, Gloucester, and Wilts, and for the

City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Francis Scott Esquire, commonly called Duke of Earl of Dalkeith, being offered to be presented to the Monmouth'* House;

Etatt*. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's

Command, acquainted the Ho,use, That his Majesty, having been acquainted with the Contents of the said Petition, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is con cemed, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit: Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the First, by his Letters Patent, dated the Thirtieth Day of August, in the Fifth Year of his Reign, did grant unto Henry late Earl of and others (inter alia) the Manors of Spalding and Hol-bech, with the Lands and Appurtenances thereof, in the County of Lincoln, to hold for Ninety-nine Years, from Michaelmas then last, in Trull, for the then Queen, for her Life} Remainder to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors: And that after the Death of the said Queen, the Trustees of tire said Term, by Indenture, dated the Thirty-first of July, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, assigned the said Term to other Trustees, in Trust, for the then Queen Consort of King Charles the Second, for Life; Remainder to the Crown: And that King Charles the Second, by Indenture, dated the Thirteenth of Attgtft, in the Twenty-fifth Year of his

Reign, granted unto the feme Trustees a further Term of Forty-three Years, in the Premises, to commence from the Expiration or Other Determination of the said Ninety-nine Years, upon the feme Trulls: And that King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent, dated the Twenty-firstof September, in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Reign, did grant unto James late Duke of Monmouth the said Manors and Premises, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to- be accounted from the Death of the said Queen Consort: And his feid Majesty did thereby also grant and declare the Trail of the said fird-mentioned Term of Ninety-mine Years, and of the said Forty-three Years after the Death of the said Queen, in Trail, for the said Duke of Monmouth, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns: And that at a general Session of Oyer and Terminer, held for the City of London, at Justice Hall in the Old Anno Domini 1683, the said Duke of Monmouth was inditted of High Treason, and did not appear thereto, or on the Capias, but made default till Exigent, whereby the said Leases and Estates, and the Traits thereof, became forfeited to the Crown: And that King Charles the Second, by Letters Patent, dated the Twenty*eighth Day of January, in the Thirty-sixth Year of his Reign, taking Notice of the said Indictment, Capias, Exigent, and Forfeiture thereon, granted the said Manors and Premises to Truf* tees, for Ninety-nine Years, to commence from the Death of the said Queen Consort, in Trull, to attend the Inheritance } and thereby granted the Inheritance, in Trull, for Anne late Duchess of Monmouth, for her Life; Remainder to James Scott, commonly called Earl of since

deceased, in Tail Male, with several Remainders over; under which last mentioned Grant, and by virtue of several Conveyances, and an Act, passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, the Petitioner is become intitled to the Fee-simple and Inheritance of the Premises, subject to a Mortgage of Fifty thousand Pounds, and Interest, made to Alexander Wilson Esquire: And that the Petitioner, being so intitled, hath contrafted and agreed for the absolute Sale thereof to Samson Gid of Lincoln's Inn Fields, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire; but Search having been made for the Record of the said Indictment, , and Exigent, against the said Duke of Monmouth, the same is loft, mislaid, or at present cannot be found; which, it is apprehended, may render the Proof of the said Indictment, and Process thereon, difficult or uncertain, and the Forfeiture of the said Leases and Estates, and the Trulls thereof, by the Award of the said Exigent, questionable; although the said Process, and Forfeiture thereon, are expressly recited in the said Letters Patent of the said Twenty-eighth Day ah January, in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and Copies of the said Indictment, Ctfp/aj, and Exigent, now remain in the Hands of the Clerk of the Peace for the City of London, or life Deputy; and there is no Doubt of the Truth of the said Duke of Monmouth's having been indicted, and put inExi-gent, as before recited, or that t he feid Leases and Estates, and the Trulls thereof, were not forfeited by Law; and that the Defect or Want of the said Record cannot be remedied or supplied, unless his Majesty will please to consent that an Act shall pass in Parliament for that Purpose; and that his Majesty, having been applied to for that Purpose, has been graciously pleased to give Orders to signify his Consent to such Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given that a Bill be brought into the House for vesting in Trustees the said Leases and Estates so forfeited by the said late Duke of,

to the Intent that the Lot's of t lie Record of the said Indictment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, to the End the Petitioner may make good his Agreement with the said Samson Gideon.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Earle, Mr. West, Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Soil;* citor-General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Doctorin

Di vinity, now called Roger Reuixvard, and the H^irs of

hi*

Dr. Mow* IuU'iNuM-

a3 Geo. II. 16° Januarii. 933

his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Petti war 4, was read the Third time.

Refohed»That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Roger Doctor in Divinity,

now called Roger Pettiward, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pettiward.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tower Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to Hamlets whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-Small Debts. men> Housholders, and Shopkeepers, within the Tower Hamlets, in the County of , and in the Liberty

of his Majesty's lower of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition { and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Robert Day said. That several large Manufactories are carried on within the Tower Hamlets: That in the Parish of Christ-Church Spittlcfields, where he has lived 26 Years, there are 2,400 Houses, 1,000 of which are not rated to the Poor, being inhabited by Journeymen Weavers and other Artificers and Labourers, who cannot support themselves and their Families, without Credit for small Sums:

That the Petitioners lay under great Discouragements from giving Credit to such Persons, who frequently refuse to pay their Creditors, presuming on the Difficulties they labour under, from the Charge infuing for such small Debts, the Charge in suing a Person to Execution in the Marshalsea Court, or the Court, the only

effectual Courts they have resort to, to recover such small Debts, being from Three to Four Pounds.

Mr. William Hollier, Sailcloth-maker, said. That in the Tower Hamlets several Manufactories are carried on; That in his Business sometimes near a,oooo Persons are employed, who cannot support themselves and their Families without Credit for small Sums: That he has loft, in the Three Years past. Twenty Pounds, by lending small Sums from Five Shillings to Twenty Shillings, not thinking them worth his suing for, by reason of the great Expence attending the suing for them: That when he has applied to some of his Debtors to pay him in small Sums weekly, they have refuted him, and defied him to sue them.

Mr. William Carter, and Mr. Joshua Wood, being severally examined, confirmed the Evidence of the aforesaid Witnesses, with regard to the Difficulty in suing Persons for Sums under Forty Shillings.

Mr. William Carter further said, That after Judgment obtained, in either of the aforesaid Courts, a Writ of Error may be brought in the Court of King's Bench, by which Means the Debtor has an Opportunity of getting off; which has been practised.

All the aforesaid Witnesses severally said, That a more ealy and speedy Method of recovering small Debts will greatly tend to the Promoting of Industry, and support useful Credit, within the said Hamlets.

Upon the whole, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a BiH for the more ea(y and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Vol. 25.

more easy and speedy Recovery ot small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Brookfbank, and Sir William Beauchamp ProElor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters, Growth of Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, s>lk jn in behalf of themselves and many Thousand labouring Amer, ca* People, depending on the Silk Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have, within these few Years, improved the Manufacture of raw Silk into thrown, and afterwards into plain and wrought Silks and Velvets, so as not only to supply our home Consumption, but to export great Quantities, whereby several Thousands of Persons have been employed:

And that the Supply of fine short raw Silk has been heretofore from Italy and Spain, (except a small precarious Portion thereof from China) the Throwing of which gave Employment to great Numbers of young and infirm People: And that the Spaniards are vigorously attempting the Increase and Improvement of the Manufacture of wrought Silks and Velvets in that Kingdom; for the Encouragement whereof, the Exportation of raw Silk thence is absolutely prohibited t, and the raw short Silk of Italy, which has been always freely exported, except from Piedmont, has this Year been also prohibited to be exported from any of those Territories; where great Encouragement is given to promote the Manufacture of wrought Silks and Velvets, having now a favourable Opportunity by great Numbers of Weavers, late Inhabitants of Genoa, who, during the intestine Troubles there, ftieltered themselves in many other Towns through the Italian Dominions: And that the Price of thrown Silk, the only Species now allowed to be exported from Italy, is lately risen from 30 to 40 per Cent, which has already occasioned the putting down a great many Looms, and will soon occasion the putting down many more, to the great Prejudice of the Silk Manufacture, and the Ruin of great Numbers of poor Families, who, for want of Employ, must become burthensome to their respective Parishes:

And that the Petit ioners apprehend it to be of the utmost Importance to secure to these Kingdoms so valuable a Branch of Business as the Silk Manufacture is; which, nothing can more certainlyeffect, than producing a Supply of raw Silk in fomfe of his Majesty's Dominions; and which, the Petitioners are informed, from undoubted Authority, may be done in the Southern Colonies of America, where the Soil and Climate are as favourable as in any Part of Italy, for the quick Growth of Mulberry Trees, and the Breeding and Nurture of Silk Worms; and from whence Five hundred Pounds Weight of raw Silk has been imported into London, from Carolina and Georgia since the late general Peace, which, upon Trial, has been found to answer, in the several Operations, all the Purposes of the best Italian Organzine: And that the Petitioners conceive if proper Encouragement was given to the Production of raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies in America, it would be a Means, in a few Years, of securing a constant and considerable Supply thereof for the Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and be a Saving to the Nation of some hundred thousand Pounds, annually t

paid to Italy and Spain, for their thrown and raw Silks, besides many other great and national Advantages which would accrue by the Returns thereof in Goods to America:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to give such Relief therein as the Nature of the same shall require.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir William Calvert, Mr. Walpole,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Matt. Robinson, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hay, Mr. M. Burrell, Mr. Bacon,

Lord Baltimore, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. John,

11 E Mr.

934 i6* — i7°J

Mr. Vyner, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Mr-

Charles Townshend, Mr. , Lord Strange, Mr.

Gyhhou, Mr. Rrookjbank, Sir Mr. S out hell.

Colonel Towttjhend, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mr. Fane,

Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Cujl, Lord Gage, Mr. Littleton, Mr. Gulfton, Admiral Vernon, Lord Parker, Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Ockenden, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. , Mr.

Hume, Sir IVm. Codrington, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

Mr. Gray, Sir James Sir fVm. Beauchamp

Proctor, Mr. Powney; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Export and Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this ,mP°J of House, an. Account of the Quantity of wrought Silks, 1K‘ or Goods mixed with Silk, which have been exported from the Port of London, for which a Drawback or Bounty has been paid to the Exporter, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1749, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of raw, thrown, and wrought, Silks, which have been annually imported into the Port of London from Spain and Italy, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1743, both inclusive, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from China, with the Duty paid for the same, for Seven Years last part, distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing how much has been re-exported during the same time, with the Drawback allowed thereupon.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from Spain, Italy, Turkey, and for

Seven Years last pall, with the Duties paid for the same, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country.

Sale of Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Naval Store*. Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account shewing how the Monies have been disposed of which have arisen from the Sale of old Naval and Victualling Stores, from Christmas 1740, to 1749.

Ordered, That the faicj Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's raoft Honourable Privy-Council.

Seamen Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this employed. House, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 31st of December 1748, to the 31st of December 1749, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mustered, in the Service.

The Order of the Day being read;

Punishing The pjoiife resolved itself into a Committee of the Dcrfmion"1 whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army,

and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vanuatu. . 1749.

Mercuriiy 17® die Januarit;

Anno *3* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

CjtOHN Peter Mandrot and Lewis Chabanel took the J Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and In- Sr. Georg* habitants, of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Storey, was presented to the Maintenance House, and read; letting forth. That a proper Maintenance and a Support of Parish Ministers, who have large Cures of Souls, and an amicable Settlement and Adjustment <Jf all Differences and Disputes with respect to their Tythes, Dues, and Demands, tend greatly to promote and establish a Parochial Unity, Peace, and Harmony, and to prevent the Odium which arises from vexatious and litigious Suits and Controvedies; and that the said Parish of Saint George is a Rectory in the Gift of the Crown, and is very populous and extensive; and the Minister's Duty so very great and laborious, as to require a Curate or Assistant for the due and regular Performance thereof; and that there is not a suitable and effectual Provision for the Rector, nor any P&rfonage-house erected or to be found within the said Parish; and that no Rector hath for many Years resided in the said Parish, except One Rector about Ten Years since, forafmall time; and that the Reverend Doctor LeonasdHoward, the present Rector, being now

resident in the said Parish, the Petitioners, on the Twenty-sixth Day of December last, did, in publick Vestry, appoint a Committee to examine into the Nature, Custom, and Manner, of paying Tythes to the said Rector; but could find no legal Modus, or any certain or unvaried Custom, of paying such Tythes, but the same to be very unequal and uncertain, some few paying largely, others very little, and others nothing at all, to the said Rector; and that the said Tythes or Payments scarcely amount to the annual Sum of Seventy Pounds, having greatly diminished in a few Years; and are likely to fall much lower, being almost grown a voluntary Payment, at the Pleasure of the Parish-toners; and no visible Right appears to the Petitioners, in the Rector, to demand any certain Tythes or Stipend for his large Duty, as aforesaid, but that he is intirely remediless, except by commencing a long, expensive, and disagreeable Law-Suit, with his Parishoners; and that the Parish Church of Saint George aforesaid was rebuilt, by Act of Parliament, about the Year 1733, as One of the Fifty new Churches; but there being at that time no resident Minister, the Consideration of his Income or Support was neglected, and no Clause for that Purpose was inierted, as in other Bills of the like Nature; and that the Petitioners are much affected with the present bad State and Condition of the said Rectory, and are most willing and desirous to do what in them lies towards the Maintenance and Support of their Re Cl or and his Successors, and to encourage his and their llclidence in the said Parish: And therefore praying, That Leave may be

fiven to bring in a Bill for the settling some Stipend or laintenance for the said Rector and his Successors, to be raised within the said Parish, and in such Manner as the House shall think proper; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Belchier, Mr. Hay, Mr.

Hume, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Baltimore, Admiral,

Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Taaffe, Sir Francis Poole,

Sir Peter Warren, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr.

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Townshend', Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr.

Frederick, General Onslow, Lord Sir John Cust,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Sandys, Lord , Mr.

Mr. Bathurst, Mr. Warburton. Colonel Littelton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Lloyd, Sir Wm. Tonge-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey,

Dolcheftrr Channel Navigation, &c.

13 Geo. II.

17 ° Januarii.

935

Kent, and Suffer, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the surviving Commissioners for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Hit he, in the Borough of Colchefi, in the County of Essex, to IVivenhot, in the same County, and of several of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them-lelves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Towns adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King James the First, for repairing and amending the said Channel, and for the Paving of the said Town, whereby certain Duties were laid on, and made payable to the Bailiffs of the said Town, for Goods and Merchandizes, for the Term of Fifteen Years, for repairing and maintaining the said Channel; and that, by the same Act, the Streets and Lanes of the said Towns were to be paved and maintained, from time to time, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, payable to, and recoverable by, the Bailiffs of the said Town, as by the said Act is directed: And that another Act passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King the Third,

for cleansing and making navigable the Channel from the Rithe, at Colchester, to Wivenh whereby several other Duties were laid on, and made payable for. Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, for the Term of Twenty-one Years, for the Purposes therein mentioned j and several Powers were thereby given to the Mayor, Aldermen, Ash Hants, and Common-Council, of Cole, for appointing Col-leftors and Receivers of the said Duties, and for recovering the same in Manner therein mentioned; which laid last mentioned Act, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby given, and One Moiety of the Duties thereby granted and made payable, were, by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, continued in Force until the First Day of May 1740, with Powers to the said Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester for recovering and receiving the fame: And that another Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the lleign of his present Majesty, whereby it was Enacted, That the Two last mentioned Acts, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby respectively given, together with such additional Powers as are in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty mentioned, should be continued, and be in Force, from the First Day of May 1740, for ever; and that the Duty on Sea Coals should, from and after the said First Day of May 1740, be Three Pence a Chaldron, and no more; which laid Duty should continue, and be paid, from the said First Day of May 1740, for Forty Years, and no other Duty (except the Arrears due under the said Two last mentioned Acts, or either of them) should be raised upon any other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things; which said Duty of Three Pence upon every Chaldron of Sea Coals, and the Duties which were or should be in Arrear as aforesaid, should and might be raised, levied, and recovered, in such manner as prescribed by the said Two last mentioned Acts: And the said Mayor and Commonalty were, by the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty, vested with further Power for suing for and recovering the said Duty thereby granted, and the Arrears thereof: That, many Years since, a very large Lock was erected in the said Channel, and found to be of very great Use and Service to the Navigation; but the same being now out of Repair, and the said Channel in Danger of choaking up, and the Navigation thereof greatly obstructed; and there being'great Arrears of the said Duties due and unpaid, and also a large Sum of Money remaining in the Hands of the Representatives of the late General Receiver, which ought to have been recovered and applied for amending and keeping in Repair, the said Lock, and in cleansing and supporting the Navigation of the said Vol, 25.

Channel; but as the Power and Authority of the Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester hath ceased for several Years last past (in whose Names the said Duties could be recovered and received, and legal Discharges given for the same by and under the Authorities of the said several Acts) the said Lock cannot be now supported, nor the Channel kept cleansed, and fit for Navigation, unfefs some further Provision be made by the Aid of Parliament: And that, for several Years last past, the Pavements of the Streets and Lanes in the said Town, and the Liberties thereof, have been decaying; and are now in so bad and ruinous a Condition, and so covered with Dirt and Filth, that it is dangerous to Persons passing and repalling in and through the said Town (a Mile of which Pavement is in the direct Road from London to Harwich) and the Power and Authority of the said Mayor and Commonalty having ceased, as aforesaid, the same must remain in such Condition, unless some further Power is given to compel the Repair and Cleansing thereof, there not being sufficient Power in the Law now in being effectually to remedy the lame: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying the Defects of the said former Acts, and for the effectual repairing the said Lock, and cleansing the Channel aforesaid; and for the cleansing, repairing, and amending, the Pavements of the said Streets and Lanes; or to grant such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-lider^tion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Nassau, Sir John Mr.

Rigby, Lord Londonderry, Mr. Gray, Mr. White, Mr.

Taaffe, Mr. Martin, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sir

Nath. Curzon, Mr. Moreton, Lord Strange, Mr. -her ley, Mr. Pye, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Phillip-

Jon, Mr. Colleton, Lord Parker, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. Elliot, Mr.

Frederick, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Walpole, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Maitland, Sir JJonel Pilkington, Mr.

Burrell, Sir Francis Poole, Lord Harley, Mr. Lord Dalkeith, Lord Egmont, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Willes, Lord Hobart, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. DowdeJwell, Mr. Popkam, Mr.

Bayntun, Mr. Powney, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Brookjbank, Sir Hugh Smith/on, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Erfitine; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Suffolk, and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Rules for Majesty's Command, Rules and Articles for the better governing the Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and AnnJr* all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, Dominions beyond the Seas, and foreign Parts, Anno 1749.

And the Title of the Book, containing the said Rules and Articles, was read.

Ordered, That the said Book be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Comptroller reported to the House, That their AnfWr to Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be gra- Addrtfs. cioully pleased to give Directions, that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, That he will give Directions accordingly.

A Petition of several Persons, whole Names are there- Westminster unto subscribed, being Traders inhabiting within the City Small Debts, of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as adjoineth to the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; letting

o

93 6 170 Januarii. A. 1749.

' ting forth. That the Petitioners, in the Course of their

Dealings, give Credit to many of the labouring poor Artificers, and Manufacturers, who otherwise would oftentimes be subject to great Distresses; but that the Petitioners suffer considerable Losses, by reason many Persons, after obtaining such Credit, evade the Payment of the Debts they contract, presuming on the Expence, Delay, and Difficulty, which attends the Recovery thereof in a Court of Law; and that, if a Judicature was to be ella-blithed for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of small Debts in a summary Way, the industrious Poor would more readily find Credit under any unavoidable Necessities or Misfortunes, and would not be constrained to make use / of such Methods to relieve their Wants, as, in the end, are productive of Ruin to themselves and Families; and that the great Utility of such a Judicature has already been . fully experienced in the City of , and many other

opulent and trading Cities and Towns as well

as in the whole Kingdom of Inland: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City of Westminster, and Liberties thereof, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as adjoineth to the Liberty of Westminster.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the , Saint

George Hanover Square, Saint , Saint Martin in the Fields, Saint Paul Covent Garden, Saint Saint Cle-

ment Danes, Saint Mary le Strand, within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and of that Part of the Duchy of

Lancaster which lies within the said Parish of Saint Clement Danes, and adjoins to the said City and Liberties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, and Ducbv, wasalfopresented to the House^and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, in Support of their Trade, are under a Necessity of giving Credit for small Sums of Money, which subjeeb them to considerable Lodes, from the Discouragements they meet with in the great Expence and Delays unavoidably attending Suits at Law, for the Recovery of such Debts; and that the Petitioners conceive, that nothing can contribute more to promote Industry, and supportufeful Credit, than to provide a cheap as weil as speedy Method of recovering such Debts in a summary Way: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of final! Debts; and that the House will give such Relief in the Premises as they shall think most meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Confident ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Mr. Hay, Sir

Hugh Smithson, Sir James Lowther, Admiral , Mr.

Belchier, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Ftllowes, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Provife, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Dalkeith, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Elliot, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Najau, Mr. Tracey, Mr. Mr, Taafft, Mr. Page,

Mr. West, Mr. Child, Mr. Lord Strange, Mr.

Martin, Mr. Boone, Mr. Neale, Mr. Peachy, Mr. Comp-' troller, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Mr. Bur-

rell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Essex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sr Martin i Petition of the several Persons whose Names are there-the Fields unto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Martin Poor. in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of

fter, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the find Parish, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields is a very extensiveand populous Parish; and that a great Number of poor Persons reside therein, who by the Laws now in being, are intitled to Relief from the Inhabitants of the said Parish, liable to be assessed and to contribute towards the same; and that of late Years the several Streets and publick Ways within the said Parish have been kept in so dirty and disorderly a Manner, as to render them a Nuisance^and Obstruction to the Inhabitants and other People passing through the fame; and that it hath been found by Experience, that for want of proper Remedies, Provisions, and Regulations, in the Laws now in being for the Relief of the Poor, cleansing the Streets, and keeping a Nightly Watch in the said Parish, the said Laws are not sufficient to answer the Purposes thereby intended: And therefore praying, That a Bill may be brought in for making a better and more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor, for the cleansing the Streets, and for keeping a Nightly Watch within the said Parish, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideratioti of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Belchier,

Mr. Child, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Martin, Mr. Gore,

Mr. Locke, Sir Thomas Bobinfon, Mr. Talbot, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hay, Mr. West, Mr.

Sir Wm. Beauchamp ProRor, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Vernon, Sir John Cuft, Mr. Vyner, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. Powney, Sir John Aftley, Mr. Moreton, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Bayntun, Lord Egmont-,

Sir Hugh Smithson, Lord Strange, Mr. Winning ton, Mr.

Fellowes, Mr. Frederick, Admiral Vernon, Mr.

Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Robinson, Mr. Allgood, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Nassau,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Townshend, Admiral Mitchell, Lord

Londonderry, Mr. Burrell % and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, and Essex, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Earle presented to the House, according to Order, Duke of a Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Leases and Estates, Monmouth1* therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbtch , and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln, which were forfeited by James late Duke of Monmouth, put in Exigent upon an Indictment of High Treason, to the Intent that the Loss of the Rccord of such Indictment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may befupplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Clergy, Gen- penriTh tleraen. Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Roads. Cumberland, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That the High Road from the Market Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, to Workington, in the said County, leading through the Towns and Villages of Stainton, Penruddock, Thrclk, Keswick, Brath-waite, Lerten, Cocker mouth, and Bridge Foot, of Thirty

Miles in Length, and upwards, being the ancient and accustomed ltoad from Penrith, to the Sea-port Towns of Whitehaven and Workington aforesaid, in the said County, and the common Poll Road from all the said Towns and Places towards London; and also the Road from EUonby, in the Parish of Skelton, in the said County, to the Market Town of Penrith aforesaid; and also the Road from Tewes Bridge, in the Parish of ♦, in the said County, to the Market Town of Cockermouth aforesaid; are become ruinous, and almost impalTable, especially in the Winter Season; and many Parts thereof are so narrow, that Coaches and Carriages cannot pais by one another; and that the ordinary Provisions made by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, now in Force, are not sufficient for the effectual enlarging and repairing the Highways and i ' Roads

o

oovie

Limiting Service in the Amy.

23 Geo. II.

170 Janua

95 7

Roads aforesaid; neither are the Inhabitants of the feve- some here, which might have been the Cafe, had they been ral Parishes and Townships, thereby liable to repair the brought to England; and that the Petitioners have also fame, of Ability so to do, without some other Provi- been enabled to procure certain Portions of Provisions al-fion be made for that Purpose: And therefore praying, lowed for the Year 1749 (besides the Government's Pay) That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to impower for the Detachments of Soldiers doing Duty in Georgia, Trustees to erect a Turnpike or Turnpikes, and appoint to preserve the Possession thereof, which it was thought such Person or Persons, as they shall think fit, to colleA proper the Trustees should undertake; and that, in the a Toll or Tolls in such Part or Parts of the said Roads as iaft Year, they have sent over Sixty-three German Promay be moil convenient, that the same may be speedily testants to Georgia, and have likewise been enabled to bear amended, widened, and kept in good Repair. the Expence of maintaining the Civil Government there-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- of; which they are unable to continue to do for the Year fiderat ion of a Committee: And that they do examine the 1750, without the further Assistance of the House: And Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear representing to the House, That the Attention and En-to them, to the House: deavours of the Petitioners have been greatly applied to

And it is referred to Sir James Lozvtber, Mr. Colleton, the Promoting of the Culture of raw Silk in Georgia; and Mr. Wilson, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Hugh Smilhfon, Mr. with such Success, that, by the Specimens sent over, they Gray, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Barry, Lord Par- can, by undeniable Evidence, make it appear, to the Sa-

ker, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Baltimore, Sir Peter Thomtfon, tisfaction of the House, that the said Silk is equal in Fine-

Mr. Thornton, Lord Strange, Lord Egment, Lord Har- ncls and Goodness to any that Spain and Italy can pro-ley, Mr. Powney, Mr. West, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Bur- duce: And therefore praying the House to take the Prc-

mises into Consideration, and to do therein as they shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

rell. General Onslow, Mr. Townfltend, Mr. Fellowes, Sir John Pennington, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Allgood, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Gore, Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Robinson, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Watson, Mr. Leveson Gower, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Fa-

zakerley, Mr. Knight ley; and all the Members who serve his Majesty. for the Counties of Cumberland, Westmoreland, Lane after, and York:And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five A Petition of the Commissioners for building Westminflw

of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

have

fter Bridge, being offered to be presented to the House 5 Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, Mr. Thomas Pitt presented to the House, according to having been informed of the Contents of the said Peti-Order, a Bill for limiting respective Times at, and Con- tion, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, ditions upon, which every Non-commission Officer or to do therein as they shall think fit:

Soldier now, or who may hereafter be such, in his Ma- Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; set-jesty's Land Service, shall be intided to be discharged ting forth, That the Petitioners are, by several Acts of from the said Service, notwithstanding a Number of Parliament, passed in the Reign of his present Majesty, con-Forces by Land shall, by Authority of Parliament, be stituted and continued Commissioners for buildinga Bridge kept on Foot: And the same was received; and read the cross the River Thames, from the or there-

First time. . abouts, in the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. in the County of Surrey, and for maintaining, support-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, ing, and preferring, the fame, when built; and are also That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill be printed, impowered to design, assign, and lay out, such Ways, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the Streets, and Passages, as they should think proper to be House; opened and made on each Side the River leading

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Quef- to and from the said Bridge, the Courts of Justice, both tion, by inserting, after the Word " Copies," the Words Houses of Parliament, and the Parts adjacent} and toagree " of the enacting Part and the Provisofor and purchase such Houses and Ground, within certain And the Question being put. That those Words be Limits by the said Acts prescribed, as they shall think there inserted; proper to be possessed of; and that the Petitioners have

In passed in the Negative. purchased several Houses and Ground for opening, widen-

Then the main Question being put. That such a Num- ing, and rendering convenient, the said Ways, Streets, and ber of Copies of the said Bill be printed, as shall be fuf- Passages; and have likewise proceeded with the utmost

Bridge.

ficient for the Use of the Members of the House; The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Noes,j So it passed in the Negative.

99.

192.

Colony of Georgia.

Care and Precaution in building, repairing, and towards completing, the said Bridge; and that the Petitioners have acted with the greatest Care and Frugality in laying out and expending the Monies already granted for discharging the several Trusts reposed in them; notwithstanding which, they find that the necessary Expences of finishing the said Bridge, and discharging the several Trusts reposed in the Petitioners, will amount to a greater Sum than is now in the Hands of the Petitioners; and that therefore A Representation and Petition of the Trustees for efta- they are under a Necessity of applying to the House for blishing the Colony of Georgia, in America, being offered such further Sums of Money as the House shall judge proto be presented to the House; per, that a Work so useful and advantageous to the Pub-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's lick may not be (topped for want thereof: And therefore Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, praying, That the House will take the Premises into Con-having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, sideration, and grant the Petitioners such further Sums of recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do Money as to the House shall seem meet, therein as they shall think fit: Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-

Then the said Representation and Petition was brought sideration of the Committee of the whole House, to up, and read; setting forth. That, by the Assistance of whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply this House, for the Year 1749, the Petitioners have been granted to his Majesty. enabled to encourage 151 of the late disbanded Soldiers,

with their Families (making 248 Persons) today and cul- The Order of the Day being read, for the House to tivate Lands in the Colony, by allowing them Subsistence resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to for a Year, and thereby preventing their being burthen- consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty; Vol. 25. 11 F Resolved,

Supply-

Ways and Means,

Puniftiing Mutiny and Desertion.

Colony of Georgia.

Pownoll's

Ballast

Engine.

958 170 — 18°

Resolved, Tint this. House will, upon Monday Morning . next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Ordered That Mr. Tracy have Leave to make a ‘Motion, it bing after Five of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Money granted, in the last Session of Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 18° die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

P a A T E R S.

A PETITION of Philemon Pownoll,

Jacob Pickering, and Elizabeth his Wife, which laid Philemon Pownoll, israel Pownoll, and Elizabeth are all the surviving Children of israel Pownoll, deceased, late Ship-Builder of his Majesty's Yard at Plymouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners said Father, by many Years Labour, and at a very great Expence, invented an Engine for raising Ballad, Sullage, and Sand, and removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, and thereby cleaning, deepening, and opening, the fame, and for performing other Works of that Kind, for which he obtained a Patent in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne; but died before he could put the same in Execution, leaving several young Children, of which the Petitioners are the only surviving; and

Januarii . 1749.

the Time for which the said Patent was granted expiring before any of the.Petitioners came of Age, the said Invention, or any Part thereof, hath never been yet put in Practice; and that the said Engine exceeds all others hitherto made use of for such Purposes, in the following Particulars, among many others; viz: That it can work at the Depth of Twenty-one Feet under Water, and raises Sixty Ton an Hour, which it discharges with equal Expedition, at the Edge of High-water Mark, by Boats of a new Invention for that Purpose; and that the said Engine does not leave Holes or Depths, but levels the Ground where it has wrought; and may be applied in tearing up and dispersing Banks and Shoals at Sea at the Didance of several Leagues from the Shore; and that the Petitioners Father greatly lessencd his Fortune by carrying on the said Invention; and the fame, though completed, cannot be carried into Practice without a further Expence of feme Thousand Pounds; and there is no Probability that the Petitioners can ever be reimbursed the feme, or what has been already expended by their said,

Father, unless the Property and Benefit of the said Invention be secured to them for some time to come: and that the Petitioners are advised, that the Property or Benefit of the said Invention cannot now be secured to, or veded in, them, but by the Aid and Afiidance of Parliament; And, forasmuch as the Petitioners will be great Losers by what their Father so expended in Pursuit of so useful an Invention, and the Publick will likewise be deprived of the Benefit thereof, without the Aid and Afiidance of Parliament; therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting the Property of the said Invention in the Petitioners, for such Term of Years as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred (o the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Plumptre,

Lord Baltimore, Lord Egmont, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Mr. Moreton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Compton, Sir Nath.

Curzon, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Chttwynd, Mr. Boone, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Carmichael, Mr; Pitt, Mr. Cholmondley,

Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Humphrey, Mr.

Lord Robert Manners; and all the Members who serve for the City of London, and for the Coad Counties: And. they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the said Committee are to have Voices.

The House being informed. That Mr. from the Colony of

Trudces for establishing the Colony of Georgia, in tiwpa. America', attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account shewing how the Money, granted in the said Session of Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by the Trudces for establishing the said Colony.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The feid Account is as followeth; viz.

23 Geo. II.

18° Januarii.

9 39

An ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia, in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony; viz.

Applied in America:

For the following annual Expences defrayed in Georgia, from Michaelmas 1748, and defrayable there to Lady-day 1750, betides the other Charges within that time, which cannot be herein ascertained for want of the Accounts of the Particulars thereof from Georgia} viz.

Salaries and Allowances to the President, Assistants, Magistrates, and other Officers, reading at Savannah ——

Salaries to the Secretary in the Colony, and his Clerk -The Maintenance and Clothing of Two Men Servants employed in cultivating Lands for the Use of the redding Minister at Savannah The additional Allowance to the said Minister (betides the Allowance from the Incorporated Society) from Christmas 1749, he having been paid in England, to that time, in Advance ——

Allowances to the Schoolmasters at Savannah, and Vernonburg and Afiton, the Parish Clerk, publick Midwife, and Gardener, at Savannah Allowances to the Pilots at Tybee and Jekyll, at the First of which Places a Light-house is erected for a Sea*mark, to the great Security of the Navigation on that Coast ——

Allowances to the Constable, Parish Clerk, and publick Midwife, at Frederica Allowance to the Clerk of the Accounts in Georgia

£. s. d.

577

187

15 — 10 —

36 10 —

12 10 —

78 ——

*35

30

60

For Provisions for a Year, to 151 of the late disbanded Soldiers, with their Families, making 248 Persons, who chose to (lay and cultivate Lands in Georgia, which, at 6 a Day each for the

Men, and *d.a Day each for their Families, amounts to - -

For certain Portions of Provisions (betides their Pay) allowed to the Detachments of Soldiers doing Duty in Georgia, to keep the Possession thereof, computed for 100 Men, at 2 a Day each, for a Year ——

Applied in England:

For the following Expences, from Michaelmas 1748:

For Freight of 63 foreign Protestants, and Two sent to Georgia;

and for Freight, Iufurance, and Charges of shipping several Parcels of Lading for the Colony ——

For subsisting the said Passengers until they embarked, and Necessaries in their Voyage ——

For Necessaries sent to Georgia for the Use of the Inhabitants For the additional Allowarxce to the Missionary in Georgia, paid him when here - -

For Charges incurred by giving a Bounty upon the Cocoons, to encourage the . railing Silk in Georgia, and for providing and fending over proper Copper Batons necessary for the winding off the Silk from the Cocoons For Custom and Charges on the last raw Silk imported from Georgia, the former Parcels having been delivered Duty-free - -

For Stationary Ware and Printing - -

House Rent, Servants, Coals, and Candles, for the Office, and incident Charges Charges in making out Sola Bills of Exchange sent to to be issued

there for the Service of the Colony, instead of permitting the drawing Bills , on the Trustees ——

Salaries to the Secretary and Accountant, being for One Year and a Quarter -Rewards to several Persons, for their Service for the Trust, and for Clerkship -

d.

3*3 5 4

t, U7 5 —

1,967 19 2

3°4 3 4

& 3>3®9 7 6

61

64

10

*3

5

10

37.10 —

ia8 13

9

*9

126

11

3

8

11

8

3

7

'41

375

177

4 —

For further Charges, to Lady-day 1750

Georgia Trustees Office,

Queen Square, Westminster.

'January 18th, 1749.

Harman Vereljt, Accountant.

L

1,424 1

4,813 8 8

490 14 8

5>3°4 3 4

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kingston A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of upon Halt Kingston upon Hull, was presented 10 the House, and

Xtreet,*c- read: letting forth. That for many Years pad it hath been customary for the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town, when in Common-Council assembled, to order and direct the Streets therein to be new paved or repaired, from time to time, as Occasion required, by such Workmen as they thought bed (killed for that Purpose, and in such Manner as was by them deemed most for the Ornament of the said Town, and Eafeand Convenience of the Inhabitants therein; and that the said Mayor and Alder-Vol. 25.

men have usually provided, out of the Corporation Stock, Cobles, Gravel, Sand, and other Materials, for the Pavement of the said Streets; and only charged the Owners of Houses and Tenements therein with the Payment of the Workmen's Wages, in proportion to the Quantity of Ground lying betwixt their said respective Houses and Tenements, and the Middle of the Streets in which they are situate, according to a Rate settled by the said Mayor and Aldermen, by which Method most of the Streets in the said Town have been heretofore kept handsomely and regularly paved, with a very small Charge to the Owners; but that of late several of the Inhabitants of the said Town having refuled to pay their respective Proportions of the Workmen's Wages in paving and repairing of the Streets

thereof,

Kendall's

Name.

Lang's Salt-making.

940 180 Jamarii. A. 1749.

thereof, and the same being frequently torn up and dam* nified by Brick Carts, and other Carts and Carriages, made use of for carrying Goods and Merchandizes from one Part of the said Town to another, by reason of the excessive Loads usually laid thereon, and of the Wheels thereof being made very narrow, and bound with Iron, the said Mayor and Aldermen, for want of Power cocompel the Payment of the said Workmen's Wages, and to regulate the said Carriages, cannot, by the Means aforesaid, keep the said Streets in good and sufficient Repair; and that, for want of a publick Scavenger to clean the Streets of the said Town, and of Conveniencies for carrying away the Dirt therein, and tire Ashes, Dust, Dirt, and other Filth out of the Houses of the Inhabitants thereof; and by reason that many of them not only neglect to sweep the Streets before their Houses, but also privately carry' the Dirt out of their Houses, and lay the same in the said Streets, the same are in general become very filthy and dirty, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants, and others, resorting to the said Town; and that there is no sufficient Provision made by Law for enlightening the Streets of the said Town, and for keeping and maintaining a well-regulated Watch in the Night-time therein; both which would greatly tend to the Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Security of their Persons and Properties; and that the Haven of the said Town lies all along One Side thereof, and great Numbers of Ships are continually lying in the said Haven, and so close to one another, and so very near to the Houses and Warehouses in that Part of the said Town, that if a Fire should happen in any of the said Ships, not only all the Ships in the said Haven, but the whole Town, would be in Danger of being consumed thereby; and that no sufficient Provision is made by Law for preventing of Dangers by Fire in the said Haven: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to remedy and supply the Grievances, Inconveniencies, and Defc&s aforesaid, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the lame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Robert Manners, Mr.

Mr. Colleton Mr. IViUes, Mr. Wilson, General Onslow,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Gtdolphm, Mr. Mr. Child, Mr.

Ft Howes, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. John

cawen. Colonel Bofcawtn, Lord , Lord Bury, Sir Nathanael Curzon, Mr. Carter, Mr. Mr.

Farrington, Colonel Scudamore, Mr. Frankland, Earl of Granby, Colonel Haldane, Colonel Halyburton, Mr.

Herbert, Mr. Hunter, Mr. Lefl Mr. Boone, Mr. Lyfler, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Mr.; and all the Members who ferae for the Counties of York, , and

Lincoln: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Lyfler presented to the House, according to Order* a Bill for enabling Beck/ord Kendall Esquire, now called Beck/ord Kendall Cater, and his Issue Male, to take and ule the Surname and Arms of Cater: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Robert Lang, &nd Partners, Merchants in

Glasgow, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, on the WesternCoaft of Scotland, the most populous Part of that Kingdom, great Quantities of Salt are used in the Herring and other Fisheries, as well as for Home Consumption; which Salt being at present clandestinely run in from Ireland, to avoid paying the Duty, and the fame, by reason of its Mixture with Rock-Salt, being not only preferable in Quality to what is made in Scotland at the Salt-works along the Forth, but also cheaper, for the Reason before-mentioned, as well as others.

the same greatly discourages the erecting of Salt-pans upon the said Western Coast, for making white Salt for the aforesaid Purposes; and that the Petitioners, notwithstanding these Difficulties, are willing to erect Saltpans at Port Glasgow, provided Liberty was given them to bring Rock Salt from England to be refined there, chargeable with the same Duties as are now paid, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, for securing the Payment thereof, as shall be thought necessary; by which means not only his Majesty's Revenue will be much increased, but great Advantages accrue to the Publick; but that, by the Laws now in being, Rock-Salt cannot be carried above Ten Miles Distance from the Pit: And. therefore praying the House to grant the Petitioners the Liberty of carrying Rock-Salt to Port Glasgow -, or such Relief in the Premises as to che House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General O, Mr. uoell, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Selwyn, Lord Baltimore, Sir Erf-

kine, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Comyns, Mr. Godol-phrn, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mr.

Kynaflou, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Sandys.

Colonel Leighton, Sir Thomas Mostyn, Sir Peter Warren,

General Onslow, Mr. Willes, Mr. , Mr.

Mr. Lyfler, Mr. Dodinglon, Mr. Morton, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Finch, Colonel Elliot, Mr. Page; and all the Members who serve for North , and for the Counties of Chester and Worcester: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, William Nether Hargrave, Clerk, and of the several other Persons whose TH^ford Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Pro- Inclosure* prietors of, and intitled to Lands, Grounds, and Common Right, in the common and open Fields, and other commonable Places, within the Manor of Nether Hey/ord, in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are* together, seised of, or intitled unto, all or the greatest Part of the Lands and Grounds lying within the Manor of Nether Hey/ord, in the Parishes of Nether Hey/ord, Stow, and Bugbrooke, in the said County of Northampton, in which several Persons have a Right of Common for their Cattle at certain Times in the Year; and that William Hargrave, Clerk, William Lloyd, Clerk, and Samuel Clerk, are Redtors of the Parish Churches of Nether Hey/ord, Stow, and Bugbrooke, and, in Right of the said Churches are intitled to Glebe Lands and Tythes in the common Fields called Nether Hey/ord and that the several Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and other Freeholders and Land-owners, lie intermixed and dif-perfect in several Parcels in and over the said common Fields; and are most of them inconveniently situated with respect to their several Houses in the said Parish, and, by reason thereof, frequent Trespasses ihd Disputes arise among the several Proprietors; and, as long as the said Fields and Grounds lie open, commonable, and uninclosed, they produce very little Profit to the respective Land-owners, and are rendered incapable of Improvement; and that the Petitioners are desirous that the said common Fields may be fevered and divided by Commissioners in that behalf to be appointed, in order to be inclosed; and that the several Shares and Allotments retaking from such inclosure and Division may be held in Severalty by the respective.Proprietors, according to their several Shares and Proportions in the said Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided, and that all Right of Common within the said Manor may be extinguished; and that a Recompence and Satisfaction may be made to the said Rcfton* in respect of their Tythes, and to other Persons intitled a t»

3 Geo. II. 18* Januarii.

941

LeiceBrr

Street!.

Prince Frederick and Duke Flivvers*

to such Right of Common aforesaid, in respect of such Common Right: But that although the said Inclosurcand Division will tend to the nublick Good and be of great Advantage to the f.vcral Parties concerned, and an Improvement of their respective Interedsand Projierties in the said Parish; yet the same cannot be effectually eda-blished, to anftver the Intention of the Parties interested in the fame, without the Aid and Authority of an Act of Parliament: And therefore praying. Leave may be given that a Bill may be brought in lor the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Fe/lozves, Mr. Giax, and Mr. DcziJ<fzu/I, do prepare,

and biing in, the fame.

Mr, Wright reported f in the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Bai.ifL, and Burgessis, of the ancient Btrmgii < f l.C i Jhr, and other Inhabitants of the Parts adjoin!rg *o the said Bon ugh, was referred, Thar the Convv.itrc. had examined tlicMatterof the said Petition; and had diufled him to report the fame, asit appeared to them, to the I In fe; and he read the Rep art in his Place; and :iterw..rdsdc!ivired it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wa-. read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove tl c Allegan- ns of the said Petition, a Wit-neb was caibd; viz.

Mr. Jofl.ua Goodridge :Who, bring examined, said. That the Town of Liecejtcr, and the Parts adjoining to the lame, are o1" late Years much enlarged in its Buildings, and the Inhabitants greatly increas'd; and that, for want of keeping a regular and constant Watch within those Places, many Robberies and P.urglaries have, in the Night-time, been frequently committed: And a'fa said, That if the Streets, Lanes, and Publick Places, w ithin the Town and Parts adjoining were enlightened, the same would be of great L fe to the Inhabitants, and prevent many Inconveniencies which have happened for want thereof.

And he likewise gave Evidence, that the said Streets, Lanes, and publick Places, are become very unhealthful, by reason great Quantities of Dirt, Filth, and Soil, are swept up in Heaps in the Middle of the Streets, there being no Power vested in the Corporation for appointing Persons as Scavengers to carry the same away.

And t! ,c same Witness added, That within the said Borough, and Places aforesaid. There are several publick Pumps and Weils, which, in case of Fire, and many other Occasions. might be of great Service to the Inhabitants, if constantly kepa in good Order; but, as the same are now out of Repair, are become of little or no Lie.

And further said, That the Corporation have no Power to make Rates for railing Money to defray the Expences of performing the Works aforesaid, unless empowered so to do by Authority of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing a regular and able Watch in the Borough of L.iccfcr; and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets there; an.i fir repairing the publick Pumps and Wells within the said Borough and Parts thereunto adjoining: And that Mr. Wright, Mr. Smith, and Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the fame

A Petition of several Persons who lately served on board the Prince Frederick and the Duke private Ships of War, in bchdf of themselves, and of all the other Mariners who served onboard the said Ships, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That in the Year 1745 the Ships the Prince Frederick and Duke were fitted out by the Subscription of private Adventurers tocruife on the Enemy; and that, in order to man the said Ships, certain Articles and Proposals were printed and dispersed, whereby it was expressly stipulated, that One Moiety of all the Prizes taken in the said Cruile should be allowed Vol. 25.

in lieu of Wages to the Officers and Seamen who should embark and be employed in that Service, in such Shares and Proportions as in the said printed Articles and Proposals were particularly expressed; and that the Petitioners, and several other Mariners, did, upon the Faith of the said printed Articles and Proposals, engage in the said Undertaking; but that, after the said Ships had failed from the Places where they were fitted out, and immediately before they proceeded to Sea, other Articles, ready prepared and mgrofled, were produced, and impoftd upon the Petitioners, and the relt of the said Mariners, by which Articles teveral of the Owners were appointed Attornies and Agents for the Management and Sale of such Prizes as should be taken, and Five per Cent, reserved to the Commander in Chief of the said Ships, out of the Shares which the Petitioners were to be intithd to; and that the said Ships, in their Cruise, made Capture of the Lezvis Erasmus and the Marquis Two French Merchant Ships, laden with Money and Elfects to a very great Value; which Captures were carried in in the

Kingdom of Ireland, and there condemned, though they might with equal Eafeand Safety have been brought into England; and that the Petitioners have Ileaion to apprehend, that, during the Stay of the Captures at K.injale % great Part of their Cargoes were embezzled; and untrue Accounts, lessening their real Value, were at that time industricully propagated; and several of the Mariners, being thereby imposed upon and deceived, were induced, to part with their Shares for One Quarter of their Value , and that the said Captures were brought to England in the Month of September 1745, and consigned to the said Agents, who delayed the Making of any Dividend until January following, when £. 400 was issued upon each Share, as was also another Dividend of £. ,00 in August 1746; and that aConted having arisen touching the Legality of the Sentence of Condemnation in Ireland, the fame, after very great Delays on the Part of the Managers, was, upon the pressing Applications of the Petitioners, brought to an Issue, and determined, in July 1748, in favour of the said Sentence; and in September following another Dividend o{£. 60 upon each Share was obtained;

since which the said Agents have not made any further Oi-vidend; and that the said Agents, upon the Payment of all the said Dividends, not only took and deduced the Five perCent. which wasreferved by the Articles imposed upon the Petitioners, and the other Mariner^, in Manner before-mentioned; but have also, by various Artifices and Pretences, oppressed and taken from the Petitioners, and the said other Mariners, large Sums of Money; and that the said Agents, having dill a very great Balance in their Hands, refule to come toa fair Account for the lame, and bid the Petitioners Defiance, well knowing the lnabiuty of most of the Petit ioners to go through t he burthensome and expenfivcChanccrySuits that are necessary for each of their obtaining Justice: and alleging, That by reason of the Variety of the Claims, and the great Number of Persons interested therein, and the Extenlivencfs of the Accounts of the said Agents, it will be utterly impracticable for the Petitioners to obtain any final Determination of this Matter, in the ordinary Course of Proceedings; and therefore, as the Legislature has thought proper to grant Relief in finular Cates, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that the House will think this Cate a proper Object of their Justice and Compassion; and that they will not suffer a Body of Men who have added Riches to the Nation by the Spoils of its Enemies, to lofc the Property they have so acquired and w'on at the Hazard of their Lives; the Petitioners hereby offering to allow, out of the Monies in the said Managers Hands, the necessary Charges ofexecuting any Commission for the Petitioners Relief, in a summary Way: Ami therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for determining the Petitioners Demands on the said Managers, and intered in the said Prizes, in a summary Way; or that furh other Relief may be given the Petitioners in the Pren:i*es, as to the House shall lcem meet.

11 G A Motion

942 18° Januarii. . 1749.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof s and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Half-pay Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant

to their Addrefe to his Majesty, a List of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain; with an Estimate of the Charge thereof; for the Year 1750.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lift is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ways Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Com-

and Means, mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which by an Act of Parliament, of the Twenty-second Year of his Majesty's Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1750, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall -be made for Sale within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Twenty-third Day of June 1750, to the Twenty-fourth Day of June 1751.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Sollicitor-Gene-ral, Mr. Scrope, and Mr. West, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England,

Company, offered to be presented to the House.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House, to do therein as they shall think fit:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; setting forth. That the great and heavy Charges of maintaining the Forts belonging to the Petitioners, since the Trade to Africa has been free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, have not only been the principal Means of ex-haufting the Capitals that have been, from time to time, paid in and subscribed by the Petitioners, but the Petitioners have also been obliged to contract many and great Debts to the Amount of about One hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds, which they are unable to Pay and fe-tisfy, or make any Agreement for the fame, without the Aid of this House: And that the many Dangers to which the African Trade, especially that of the Gold Coast, is now exposed, is too well known: And that the Preservation thereof intirely depends upon the speedy Aid of Parliament, in makingan effectualProvision for the Maintenance and Support of the British Forts and Castles belonging to the Petitioners: And that the Trade for Negroes on the Gold Coast, which are the best and most valuable Negroes for the British Colonies, and which are now greatly wanted; and also the Inland Trade for Gold, Ivory, Bees-wax, Dying-woods, Gums and other Commodities, is capable of being greatly extended and im-

proved, by a Joint-stock Company: And, if the House shall think fit to make a sufficient and effectual Provision for the Maintenance of the Petitioners Forrs and Castles, so that the Burthen thereof may not lie on the Trade, the Petitioners are ready and able, and offer, to procure a Subscription of a sufficient Joint-stock, to be employed in the said Trade, under, and subject to, all reasonable Regulations; and also to take upon themselves the Satisfying of the Debts owing by the Petitioners, and submitting it to the Consideration of the House, whether such ajoint-stock to be actually employed in the said Trade is not, in the Nature of Things, the best and most effectual Security that can be given to the Nation, for the due Application of the Money to be granted for the Maintenance of the said Forts: And further setting forth, That the Petitioners are also ready to submit to all such Regulations on behalf of the separate Traders, as the House shall think fit:

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration, and make such effectual Provision for the Maintenance of the said Forts and Castles as the House shall think most conducive to the Retrieving, Extending, and Preferring, of the said Trade; and to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Merchants in London, trading [mportatta to his Majesty's Colonies in Americawas presented to the °> Salt from House, and read; letting forth, That the Inhabitants of those Colonies are frequently under great Difficulties for want of Salt proper to cure and preserve Fish aftd other Provisions, which useful and necessary Commodity is often so scarce, andat such exorbitant Prices, that the Petitioners are thereby prevented from improving the AdvantagesNa-ture has so liberally bestowed on them of Fish and other Kinds of Provisions in great Plenty: And that thebeftSalt for such Uses in those Climates is found by Experience to be that made in the South Parts of Euro, which, by the Act, 15 Car. 1. Chap. 7 several of the Colonies are deprived of t he Liberty of importing, without being first landed in Great Britain: And as it is a bulky, coarse, and perishable Commodity, will, by no means bear the Charges attending the Transportation to different Countries: And that as the Freight and Charges of transportingSa.lt ic often more than the first Cost, so, in the Course of our Trade to America, most of that Expence would be saved; for that many Ships fail from England annually, laden with C^rn to several Ports in Europe, where the best Salt is made, and from thence proceed, in Ballast, to North America, in order to return to Great Britain laden with the Produce of those Colonies: And that, were they allowed to carry Salt in Place of Ballast, it would not only lave the whole Freight of such Salt, but also the Expence of purchasing Ballast, which they are now obliged to load in those Parts:

And that the Necessity of such Salt in America does evidently appear by the said Act 15 Car. 1. wherein Liberty is granted to carry Salt from any Part of Europe, directly, to New England and Newfoundland:And that by the Act

13 Geo. 1. Chap 5. it is given to; and also

by Act 3. Geo. 2. Chap ia. the feme Liberty is granted to New Fork: And as the Reasons for this Indulgence to Pensilvania and New Fork arc full as strong. in respect to the other Northern Colonies, it is presumed the same Liberty would have been granted to them all, without Distinction, had any Application been then made: And therefore praying the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into any of his Majesty's Colonies in Americ; or that, the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to General Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Charles Townsend, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Fel-lowes, Lord Baltimore, Admiral , Lord Gage, Mr.

23 Geo. II.

Bathurjt, Lord Harley, Mr. Gore, Sir Francis , Mr.

Plumptre. Mr. Walpole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Sir Henry

Marshall; and all the Merchants of the House, and all the Members who l'crve for the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Seven of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Saikln'h A Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manu-lfcaufcfture. fast i.rers of British Sailcloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Manufacture of British Sailcloth did, by the Encouragement given toit by Parliament, come toaereat Perfection, in a very short Time, and has been of great Advantage to this Kingdom, by fully supplying the Royal Navy with the bed of Sailcloth, at a much cheaper Rate than when served by Foreigners, before this Manufactory was set up, and by employing many Thou lands of poor People of both Sexes, from the Age of Seven to Seventy, which otherw.fc mull have become burthensome to the several Parishes to which they belonged: And that this Manufactory, so beneficial to this Nation, will be inevitably ruined without the further Aid of Parliament, by reason that, in Ti.-.e of Peace, there is little or no Demand from the Royal Navy for Sailcloth; and the lrijlt Parliament having thought proper to grant a large Bounty upon all Sailcloth exported out of that Kingdom, by means of which the Irish can underlell the British in the Plantations, (even if the Bounty of Two Pence per Ell, given to the British, upon Exportation, was paid,1 and much more so in Britain, where the British have no Bounty upon home Consumption; which will, in a great measur, deprive the British of the home Consumption and Exportation: And that the Fund, out of which the Bounty of Two Pence perYLW, granted to the British by Parliament upon Exportation, being become deficient, the Petitionen, for some time, have not been paid the said Bounty, without which it will be impossible for them to export any more for the future; the Consequence of which must be, that the Irish, Holland, tad RSailcloth mud be sent to the

Plantations, in lieu of BritiAnd that this Manufactory is at present in a very low State, and mud daily decreale, several very considerable Manufacturers having become Bankrupts within thele Twelve Months, and now not half the Hands employed in it thatufed to be: And that Sailcloth is told for less than it colt the Manufacturer in making up: And that, should this Manufactory be ruined, it may greatly didress the Royal Navy; because, upon several Emergencies, in Time of War, they could not be supplied with Sailcloth from Abroad, but with great Difficulty, and at a great Expence: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to grant the Petitioners such Relief as to the House dull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

943

consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris^ 19° die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Thomas Gore presented to the House, according weAwood to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road leading Gate, &c. from WejizvoodGate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the Road$*

County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and Rcthwell, in the County of ampton, to the Town of Market Hat borough, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received j and read the First time*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for naturalizing John PeterMandrot and Lewis Mandrot'*, Chabanel, was read a Second time. &c* Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr Carmichael, Mr. Compton, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Robinson, Mr L\fter, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Gibbon, Mr. inge, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. E'liot, Sir John

Barrington, Sir Francis Poole, Admiral, Mitchell, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Wright, Colonel Holmes, L->rd Egmont, Sir John Cuj't, Mr. Moreton, Mr. Boone, Mr. Marlon, Colonel Maden, Mr. Gore, Mr. Myddchon, Sir Hen. Monro, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Tow field, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Alftone,

Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Smithe, Mr. Powney,

Mr. Peachy, Sir Wm. Bea. ProElcr, Mr. Mr.

Finch, Lord Parker: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, Supply Biflj a Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Ser- Ma*l» &c. vice of the Year 1750: And the same was received 1 and read the Fird time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exe- Seamen cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great , employed,

presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, from the 3id of December 1748, to the 3rd of December 1749, upon a Medium of each Month; distinguishing what Number were borne, and what mudered, in the Service.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as followeth

18° — 190

'Pufufluag The other Order of the Day being read;

Mutiny and Rejo/ved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Defeat ion. ref0jvc itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Vox.. 35*

Yarmouth Haven, Arc.

Punching Mutiny and Desertion.

S>44 *9* — 2 2° Januarii. A. 1749.

Navy-Oflice 17 th-)An ACCOUNT of the Number of Seamen employed in the Service of the Royal Navy, January 1749. j from the 31 ft of December 1748, to the 3 ift of December 1749, upon a Medium of each Month, distinguishing what Number were borne, and what muttered, in the Service; prepared pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 16th instant.

MONTHS.

January 1748 -

February -

March 1749 -

April ——

May ——

June....

J«(y....

August ——

September - -

October -

November -

December -

Upon a Medium

Sea - - men. ^. Soldiers and Marines, Part of Complement.

r A r \

Borne. Muttered. Borne. Muttered.

20,508 19,690 1,817 1.745

20,375 18,908 *,649 1,603

18,91 y 17.949 1,500 1*452

*9*334 17,787 *.234 1,206

18,243 17,165 1,058 J>°35

*7*705 16,625 9:3 941

*6,979 15,948 845 800

16,586 *5,086 842 797

15.578 *4.763 842 797

5.45 6 14,617 842 795

15,287 14.375 8*/ 772

*5>°5° 13,990 8*7 77-

210,020 197. *°3 13,216 *,7*5

*7,501 *0,425 1,101 *°59

Savage Mostyn, JoJ. Allin, Dan. DIVill. , R.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Charles Townshend reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confide-ration upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of {he Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TueJ'day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna.2 2° die "Januarii;

Anno 230 Georgii IF*' Regis, 1749.

Prayers,

f\RDERED, That Lord Geo. Lord Strange, Fclfarn

Mr. Lewis, Mr. Bodville, Mr. Hay, Mr. damort, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Morgan, Mr. , Mr.

Chau. Townshend. Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Rich. Lxttelton, Mr.

Marton, Mr. Fazaker/cy, Mr. Reynolds, Sir Nath. Curzcn,

Mr. Gildart, Mr. Mundy, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Rxecution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King the Second, for

repairing the Road leading from the t own of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Hoad near the Pound at 1 Iain the said

County, is referred.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Gentle- WeGwood men, and other principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, on behalf of themselves, Road* and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That there is an ancient Road leading from the Northern Parts of England, through the Towns of Leicester,

Northampton, Newport-Pagnell, IVoburn, and

so to London; for the better repairing of several Parts of which laid Road several Acts of Parliament have been made, and the Terms and Powers thereby granted have been enlarged by subsequent Acts, and several Turnpikes have been erected thereon, in pursuance of the said Acts, and large Sums of Money were borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, which still remain unpaid: And that, it being apprehended, that, for the better repairing of the said Road, and for securing the Sums of Money borrowed thereon, some longer lime, and other Provisions are necessary to be added to some of the said Acts of Parliament; the Petitioners, with manyGcntlemcn. and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham,

Derby, Leicester, Northampton, Bucks, and other Counties, did sign a Petition, to be presented to the House, ro obtain such Amendments therein as the House should judge meet and convenient; but that, to the great Surprize of the Pe-20 tftioners.

23 Geo. II.

22° Janua

945

titioners, they are informed, that, before such their Petition has been presented to the House, another Petition has been already preferred for Leave to bring in a Bill to repair the Roads between the Town of and Market

Harborough aforesaid, and to erect Turnpikes thereon: And that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, it will be extremely detrimental to the several Counties and Towns before mentioned, and to the Trade thereof, and will render it impossible for the Petitioners sufficiently to amend the said ancient Road from Leicester to London, which, otherwise, would very soon and effectually be repaired; for that the Petitioners i apprehend that, if the Road from Harborough should be divided into Two Roads, there will not be Travellers enough pass on either Road to keep either of them in Repair j so that his Majesty's Subjects will, in a short Time, have no Road at all passable from those Parts to London j whereas, if the old Road is effectually repaired, especially between Northampton and 'Harborough, which is intended and resolved to be very soon done, there will be One good Road at all Times of the Year; and, in such Case, the large Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Turnpikes, will be secured j all or moll of which must otherwise be infallibly loft, though lent on the Credit of several Acts of Parliament, to the Ruin of Publick Credit: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they will judge it necessary, for the Welfare of this Kingdom, and the Trade thereof, that no new Turnpikes may be erected on the Road between the Towns of Bedford and Market Harborough; but will think it more expedient to have the ancient Road leading from Harborough, through,

nell, Woburn, and Dunstabl to , sufficiently re-

paired, in such manner as the House shall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing the Road leading from West-wood Gate in the Parish of in the County of

Bedford, over Ditchford , through the Towns of

Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Market in the County of

Leicester, be read a Second time.

Supply BUI; A Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty cer-

SrV" ta,n duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the at* c' Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whcle House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Manchester The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Roadi. whom the Petition of the Trustees, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Salters Brooke, in the County Palatine of Chester, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he stead the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; tmd is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read; and,

Mr. George Edmunds laid before the Committee, an Account of the Money borrowed, and now owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls, granted by the said Act; by which it appeared. That there is now owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls 3,613 8 j. 6 And also, an Account of the annual Produce of the Tolls, by which it Vol. 25.

appeared, That the annual Produce of the Tolls is about £ 27.°-

Being aiked how the said Sums of Money have been disposed of, he laid before the Committee a Book of the Proceedings of the Trustees; by which it appeared. That the said Sum borrowed, together with the annual Produce of the Tolls, have been duly applied towards repairing the said Roads.

Mr. James Brown said. That the said Roads stand in need of continual Repair, which cannot be done, and the Debt paid, without a Continuance of the said Act.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act,' piaffed , in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence' to Salters Brooke, in the County Palatine of Chester: And that-the Lord and Mr. Reynolds, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

A Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Leases and Estates, Duke of therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbech, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hdredi- £states. taments, to the same belonging, in the County of which were forfeited by James late Duke of Monmouth, put in Exigent upon an Indictment of High Treafbn-, to the Intent that the Loss of the Record of such Indictment and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to Mr Sir John Peachy, Mr. West, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. McKenzie, Mr. Sollifttor-General, Mr.

Legge, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr, Wilkinson,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Whitworth, Mr. Scott, Colonel Campbell, Mr. Waldgrave, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Rich.

Lev. Gower, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Offley, Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Fletcher, Lord John Murray, Sir Charles Sidley,

Mr. Any and Lord Bateman, Mr. Colleton, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Ellis, Sir Rich. Wrottesley, Lord Deerhurst,

Mr. Torke, Lord Parker, Mr. Fane, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

Delml, Sir Nicholas Bay ley, Mr. Smithe, Mr. Farrington,

Mr. Lafcells, Doctor Lee, Sir Rich. Lloyd, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Humfrey, Colonel Holmes, Mr.

Taylor, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hill, Mr. Frankland,

Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Tuckfield, Mr. Wilson, Mr.

Mr. Dowdeswell, Admiral Townshend, Sir Mr. Clayton, Mr. White, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Banner, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lincoid and Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrantto the Launceston Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ,r for the Writ. Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dunheved, alias Launceston, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Sir William Moriee Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn1 Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Refblvcd, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- Ways ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole *nd Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty. , '

Ordered, That the Report from the Committed* to Yarmouth whom the Bill forclearing, depthening, repairing,e^ttjend- Haven, ing, maintaining, and improving, the Havejiand Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening, and tmaking more

n H "navigable.

Kendall's

Name.

Middlesex. Small Debts.

Iron

Imported.

946

21° — 23° — 24* Januarii.

A. 1749.

navigable, the federal Riven emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preferring Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was committed; be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis 2 30 die;

Anno 23* Georgii II11 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

ABIL L for enabling Beckford Kendall Esquire, now called Beckford Kendall and hisTffue Male, to take and uie the Surname and Arm* of Cater, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Salufbitry, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir

James Hamilton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. ton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Brook/ba, Mr. Hamilton, Mr.

Colleton, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Parker, Mr. Med/ycot, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Gray, Mr. Plumptre, Mr.

Mr. Grove, Sir Francis Drake, Doctor Lee, Mr. Compton, Mr. Gore, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Vyner; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford and Ef-sex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grand Jury, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the County of Middlesex, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, together with the Resolutions of the Committee there* upon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followetii; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

William Witaker Esquire, informed your Committee, That the Courts of Westminster-haH have no Jurisdiction

in personal Actions under 40 j.: That the common Method of recovering small Debts within the County of dlesex is in the County Court: That the Proceedings in the said Court being according to the Strict Rules of the Common Law, and reduced into Writing, and subject to Removal both before and after Judgment, are necessari-ly expensive and dilatory; the Charges of recovering a Debt of 2 s: amounting to£. 3, and Judgment not to be obtained in less than Four Months: That the Court can issue out no ededual Execution, which is the Cause of great Oppression to the Defendant, but of no Advantage to the Plaintiff; and often obliges Plaintiffs to bring Actions in the superior Courts to recover the Debt and Costs on the Judgment he has obtained in the County Court; by which Circuity it is possible from an Action commenced in the County Court, for Five Shillings, to accumulate the Costs to Fifty Pounds.

Upon which Evidence the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill for preventing Delays and Expence; in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesex; and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of smallDcbts in the said County Court.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesex; and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said County Court: And that Sir Hugh Smithson, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hay, and Mx.Talbott, do prepare, and bring in the fame.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay be-

fore this House, an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported for Ten Years last past, from the British Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantity imported from each Colony, and distinguishing also how much in Pig, and how much in Bar.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Walpole's Order, a Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheri- Grant from tance of the Manor of Garftang, in the County of - the caster, and of a Messuage, or Tenement, in in Lonsdale, in the County of Westmoreland, to Trustees, in Trust, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joftph Townshend have Leave to Lc*ve o{ go to the Bath, for the Recovery of his Health. Absence.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Defmioo. Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr.Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 240 die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii II«k Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, Gentlemen, and other principal Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, on the Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabi" nts of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is an ancient Road leading from the Northern Parts of England, through the Towns of Leicef-ter, Harborough, Northampton, Newport-Pagnell, Woburn, and Dunfable, and so to London, for the better repairing of several Parts of which said Road, lying between Northampton and Leicester, an Act (of Parliament was made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, and the Term and Powers thereby granted were enlarged by a subsequent Act, made in the Twelfth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, and Turnpikes were erected thereon, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Acts; and large Sums of Money were borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, which still remain unpaid: And that, it being apprehended, That, for the better repairing of the said Road, and for securing the Sums of Money, borrowed thereon, some longer Time, and other Povi-fions, are necessary to be added to the present Acts of Parliament, the Petitioners, with many Gentlemen and ot her principal Inhabitants of the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Northampton, and Bucks, and other Counties, did lign a Petition, to be presented to the House, to obtain such Amendments to the present Acts as the House shall judge meet and convenient; but that, to the great Surprize of the Petitioners, they are informed, That, before such their Petition has been presented to the House, another Petition has been already presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to repair the Roads between

Westveood Gate, Ire: Roads.

23 Geo. II. - 24° Jatmarii. 947

between the Town of Bedford and aforesaid, and to erect Turnpikes thereon in order thereto: And that the Petitionejvare apprehensive, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, it will be extremely detrimental to the several Counties and Towns before mentioned, and to the Trade thereof, and will render it imj>offible for the Petitioners sufficiently to amend the said ancient Road from Leicester to London, which, otherwise, would very soon and effectually be repaired; for that the Petitioners apprehend that, if the'Road from should be

divided into Two Roads, there will not be Travellers enough pass on either Road to keep either of them in Repair; so that his Majesty's Subjects will, in a (hurt Time, have no Road at all passable from those Parts to London-, whereas, if the old Road is effectually repaired, which is intended and resolved to be very soon done, there will be One good Road at all Times of the Year; and, in such Case, the large Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Turnpikes, between Leicefte and Northampton, will be secured; all or most of which must otherwise be infallibly Loft, though lent on the Credit of Two Acts of Parliament, to the Ruin of publick Credit: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they will judge it necessary, for the Welfare of this Kingdom, and the Trade thereof, that no new Turnpikes may be eivCted on the Road between the Towns of Bedford and Market Harborough; but will deem it more expedient to have the ancient Road leading from Harborough, through Northampton,

Pagnell, Woburn, and Dunstable, to London, sufficiently repaired, in such manner as the House shall judge most expedient.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Innholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, on the Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was alto presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, for the better repairing of several Parts of the ancient Poad leading from the Northern Parts of England, through the Towns of

Harborough, Northampton, New, and Dunstable, and so to London, several Acts of Parliament have been made, and the Terms and Powers thereby granted have been enlarged by subsequent Acts, and several Turnpikes have been erected thereon, in pursuance of the said Acts, and large Sums of Money borrowed upon the Credit of the said Acts, which still remain unpaid: And that, it being apprehended, that, for the better repairing of the said Roads, and for securing the Sums of Money borrowed thereon, some longer Time, and other Provisions are necessary to be added to some of the said Acts, the Petitioners, with many Gentlemen and other principal Inhabitants, of the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Leiteftor, Northampton, and other Counties, did lign a Petition, to be presented to this House, to obtain such Amendments therein as the House should judge meet and convenient; but that, to the great Surprize of the Petitioners, they are informed, That, before such their Petition has been presented to the House, another Petition has been already presented for Leave to biing in a Bill to repair the Roads between the Town of Bedford and Market Harborough aforesaid, and to erect Turnpikes thereon: And that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, it will be extremely detrimental to the several Counties and Towns before mentioned, and to the Trade thereof, and will render it impossible for the Petitioners sufficiently to amend the said ancient Road from Leicester to London, which, otherwise, would very soon and effectually be repaired; for that the Petitioners apprehend that, if the Road from Harborough should be divided into Two Roads, there will not be Travellers enough pass on either Road to keep either of them in Repair; so that his Majesty's Subjects will, in a short Time, have no Road at all passable from those Parts to London-, whereas, if the old Road is effectually repaired, especially betw een Northampton and Harborough, which is intended and resolved to be veiyfoon done, there will be One good Road at all Times of the Year; and, in such

Vol. 25.

Cafe, the large Sum# of Money now due upon the Turnpikes, will be secured; all or most of which must otherwise be infallibly loft, though lent on the Credit of several Acts of Parliament, to the Ruin of publick Credit: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that they will judge it necessary, for the Welfare of this Kingdom, and the Trade thereof, that no new Turnpikes may be erected on the Road between the Towns of Bedford and Market Harborough; but will think it more expedient to have the ancient Road leading from Harborough, through Northampton, Newport-Pagnell,

Woburn, and Dunstable, to London, sufficiently repaired, in such manner as the House shall judge meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Weflwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through the

Towns of Kettering and, Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, be read a Second time.

Mr. Reynolds reported from the Committee, to whom Loyne the Petition of the Merchants, Owners of Ships, and N*v‘8«»oo. others, of the Town and Port of Lan in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

fames Fenton Esquire, was examined, who laid. That he could remember when only Three Ships were employed in the Trade to and from Lansafter to the West Indies -, but that the Number of Vessels now employed in that Trade amount to about 40.

That the Navigation of the River Loyne is, in many Places, extremely dangerous, and the Anchorage very unsafe; and that, for want of proper Convenjencies, several Ships had been overset, and much damaged.

That, at the Mouth of the said River, a commodious Place may be provided for the Reception and Shelter of large Vessel. % which might be drove in there by Distrets of Weather, or otherwise.

And he produced an Agreement which was executed by Doctor Fenton, Vicar of Lancaster, and several Persons on the Behalf of the Merchants of that Town, whereby the said Doctor Fenton, in Consideration of an annual Sum to be paid him during the Time he should continue the Incumbent of that Vicarage, did consent, That a Piece of the Glebe Lind of the said Vicarage should be vetted in Trustees, by Act of Parliament, for the Making of a Quay, or Wharf; and to which Agreement the Approbation of the Bishop of Chester, as Diocesan, is subscribed.

Edward Mar ton Esquire, Patron of the said Vicarage, being present, informed your Committee, That he had not any Objection to the vetting the said Land in Trustees for the above-mentioned Purpose.

Mr. Samuel Touchil confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Fenton: And added. That the present Wharf at Lancaster is (0 (mail, that it is impossible to land more than One Hogshead at a Time; and when Four or Five Ships are in the River together, some of them are under the Necessity of waiting a Fortnight or Three Weeks before they can be unladed; and that this Delay is attended with great Danger both to the Ships and Cargoes, by reason of the bad Anchorage and precarious Mooring upon the uneven Ground in the said River.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River; and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And that Mr.

Mr. Hay, and Mr. Marlon, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Pfoufe to Supply Bill; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

the '

24° — 15°

A. 1749.

the , Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to direct, That the Deficiency which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1750, of the Income of the Duties on Malt, granted for the Year 1748, tofatisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1750.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto} which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Yirmouth, The other Order of the Day was read, for taking into Haven, Ire. Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven} and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire} was committed.

A M e stage from the Lords, by Mr. Sawyer and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to impower the Committees of Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of his Personal Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Estates of Inheritance, for the Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

_______ Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Haven, 4c. whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth} and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven} and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Firej was committed} be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

Earl of Bradford's Estate.

Yarmouth

And the same Witness, beingafked Whetherthcre was any other or nearer Road from South Shields to Monk Wearmouth Shore;he said, That there is a Road called A Bridle Road, from South Shields to Monk Wearmouth Shore, by Cleadon, to Fulwell, about Two Miles whereof are very much out of Repair, which is computed to be a Mile the nearest Way to Monk Wearmouth Shore.

And the said John Harle added to his Evidence, That it is impossible the Roads before-mentioned can be effectually repaired and kept amended for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless some further Provision be made by Parliament for railing Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from South Shields to Monk Wearmouth Shore, in the County of Durham, and from thence, by Hylton Bridge, to Newcastle upon Tyne: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. John Torke, and Mr. Henry Vane junior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Lord Baltimore have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of 1 v f Parliament, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of and for

preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish } in order to render the said Act more effectual for the regular and well supplying the Markets of London and Westminster with Fish: And that the Lord , and

Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bathurfi have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Brofecution render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of for Perjur7-Perjury, moreeafy and effectual: And that Mr. Bathurst,

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Attorney-General, and Sir Richard

Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Flumptre have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act: Earl of

to impower the Committees of Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of his Personal Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Estates of Inheritance, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

South Shield* Mr. Vane reported from the Committee, to whom the Road. Petition of the several Freeholders and Inhabitants within

the County of Durham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matterof the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Witness was called} viz.

Mr. John Harle-, and he being examined, said, That he is well acquainted with the Road leading from South Shields, by Cleadon, to Monk Wearmouth Shore, and from thence, by Hylton Bridge, to Newcastle upon , Nineteen Miles in Length, or thereabouts; and that the same is, by reason of the Depth of the Soil, and many Carriages passing along the fame, become very ruinous and out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, many Parts thereof are so bad, that Coaches and Wheel Carriages cannot pass that Way, without great Danger, although the several Parishes, through which the said Road leads, have performed their Statute-work.

Ordered, That Mr. Colleton have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly:

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- Trade with night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Sweden, to consider of the State of the Trade betwixt Great Britain and Sweden.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 25® die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

THE House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, gik from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended imported, at the Door:

He was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An

Westwood Gate, &c. Road.

Trade with Sweden.

Britishi Fishery.

23 Gf.o. II. 25" Januarii.

949

An Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from China, with the Duty paid for the same, for Seven

Yearslaft past, distinguishing each Year;and also distinguishing how much has been re-exported, during the same Time, with the Drawback allowed thereupon: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from Spain, Italy, Turkey, and Russia, for Seve n Years last pase, with the Duties paid for the same, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Serge-makersand other Manufacturers of Wool, in the Town of Kettering in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners obfeive, by the Votes of this House, That a Bill is ordered to be brought in for repairing the Road leading from Gate, in the

Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditch-ford Bridge, through Kettering and Rothivellt in the County of Northampton, to Market in the County of Leicester; and that a considerable Branch of the Wool-

len Manufacture is carried on in the said Town of ing, whereby many Thousands of his Majesty's Subjects are employed and maintained; but, that, by the Badness of the Road by the said Bill proposed to be repaired, the Carriage of Goods to and from London is so dear, that the Petitioners labour under great Hardships and Discou-ragementsin that respect: And, as the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill will be of great Advantage to them in particular, as well as to the Town in general, praying the tape may pah into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition-do lie upon the Table, urtil the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay before this House, an A . count of the.Number of Ships trading to Great Britain, and of Ships trad-

ing to Sweden, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year.

A Petition of the Merchants and others concerned in the Herring Fishery of LoweJioff,.\n the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Town of Lowefloff abovesaid, hath, for timeout

of Mind, been an ancient Fishing Town for Herrings, which are caught and made Red Herrings of by the Merchants and others residing in and near the said Town; but that, to the very great Surprize and Damage of the Petitioners, the Dutch and French Fishermen come upon our Coasts and Fishing Grounds to fish for Herrings; whereas the Petitioners apprehend they have no manner of Right whatsoever; having heard that neither of them ought to fish for Herrings within Sight of our Land; notwithstanding which, both of them do, in great Numbers, fish amongst us, in our Fishing Grounds, and very near our Shore: And that their Boats, being twice as big as those of the Petitioners, and carrying double the Quantity of Men, and their Crafts, or Nets that they fish with being much stronger than those of the Petitioners, their Fishing Boats dare not fish amongst them, for fear of being cut from their Nets, or otherwise destroyed by them; which has often been the same with many of the Petitioners, to the Lossof many Hundreds of Pounds, and even for many Fishing Seasons last past (but more particularly for the Two last) by reason they kept fishing upon our Coasts and Fishing Grounds, and got Plenty of Fish, and the Petitioners few or none; so that it made that little Fish they did get excessive dear, as well for our Consumption at t Home, as also the several foreign Markets they went to; which tends greatly to discourage not only the Fishery in general, (which is a great Nursery for Sailors) but also Trade and Navigation, to the very great Loss of the Vol. 25.

Merchants, as well at home as abroad, and more particularly. to the Petitioners, many of whose only Support is Fishing; which, if not timely prevented, will be the Ruin of the said Fishery, as well as many of the Petitioners and others concerned in the said Fishery: And therefore praying, That the House will take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and grant them such Relief as to the House shall meet meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to coHfider of the State of the British Fishery.

A Petition of several Gentlemen and others, usually travelling the Road from the City of York to Northallerton, through Boroughbridge, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Road from the City of York, to Northallerton, through Boroughbridge, in the County of York, is, in many Parts thereof, very ruinous, and much out of Repair, and, in the Winter Season, is so very bad, that Coaches', Waggons, and other Carriages, cannot pals along the same without great Difficulty; and that the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Kingdom, be effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless some further Provision be made for railing Money to be applied for that Purpose; And therefore praying, That, in case Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone, at the South East End of Clifton, in the North-Riding of the County of Yorkadjoining upon the

Suburbs of the City of York, to the Towns of Eastngwold, Thirsk, and Thornton le Street, and from thence to the South East End of No, in the said Riding, Provisions may be made therein for repairing the said Road from the City of York to through

Boroughbridge, in the County of York, in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and others the principal. Inhabitants of the North-Riding of the County of York, is referred And that they do examine the' Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Innholders, and other principal Inhabitants, of Newport-Pagnel, in the County of Bucks, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Town, was presented to the House, and rend; letting forth, That there is an ancient Road, leading from the Northern Part of England, through the Towns of Leicester, Harborough, Northampton, Newport-Pagnel, IVo-burn, and Dunstable, and so to London; for the better Repairing of several Parts of which laid Road, several Acts of Parliament have been made and passed, and the Terms and Powers thereby granted have been enlarged by subsequent Acts, and several Turnpikes have been erected thereon, in pursuance of the said Acts, and large Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, which still remain unpaid: And that, it being apprehended, that, for the better Repairing of the said Road, and for securing the Sums of Money borrowed thereon, some longer Time, and other Provisions, are necessary to be added to some of the said Acts, the Petitioners, with many Gentlemen and other principal Inhabitants of the Counties of Nottingham, Derby, Leicester, Northampton, Bucks, and other Counties, did sign a Petition to be presented to this House, to obtain such Amendments therein as the House should judge meet and convenient; but that, to the great Surprize of the Petitioners, they are informed that, before such their Petition bad been presented to the House, another Petition has been already presented, for Leave to bring in a Bill to repair the Roads between the Town of Bedford and Market Harborough aforesaid, and to erect Turnpikes thereon: And that the Petitioners are apprehensive, if such a Bill should pass into a Law, it will be extremely detrimental to

ill the

York

Roads.

Westwood Gate, &c. Road.

Supply Bill; Duties on Milt, fro.

Mandrel'*,

frc. Nat.

95 9

25° — 26" Januarii.

A. 1749.

the several Counties and Towns before mentioned, and to the Trade thereof, and will render it Impoffible for the Petitioners, sufficiently to amend the said ancient Road from Leicester to London, which otherwise would very

soon and effectually be repaired; so that the Petitioners apprehend, that, if the Road from Harborough should bedivided into Two Roads, there will not be Travellers enough pass on either Road to keep either of them in Re* pair; so that his Majesty's Subjects will, in a short time, have no Road at all passable from those Parts to London; whereas if the old Road is effectually repaired, especially between Northampton and , which

is intended and resolved to be very soon done, there will be One good Road at all Times of the Year; and, in such Case, the large Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Turnpikes, will be secured; all, or mod, of which must otherwise be infallibly loft, though lent on the Credit of several Acts of Parliament, to the Ruin of Publick Credit: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and that no new Turnpikes may be erected On the Road between the Towns of Bedford and Market Harborough, but to have the ancient Road leading from Harborough, through,

Newport - Pagnel, Woburn, and , to,

sufficiently repaired, in such manner as the House thall judge meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for repairing the Road leading from wood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and Rothvoell, in the county of ,

to the Town of Market Harbin the County of Leicester, be read a Second time.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrofled.

Mr. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing John Peter Mandrot and Lewis Chabanel, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the fame

to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Brinfc a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of tire British Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the British Fishery.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of tire Pnmflting whole House, to consider further of the Bill for punishing Mutiny mi Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of Defciu"-the Army, and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they h id diretfted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vetterisy 26° die Januarii;

Anno 230 Georgii II*1* Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

MR. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- ArwyEctrm.

suant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1749, not provided for by Parliament.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

1

Am

aj Geo. II

i6a Jantiarii.

95*

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 1749, not provided for by Parliament.

To Major Caulfield, for the Expences of carrying on the new Roads in North s. d.

Britain - 7,000 — —

To Ditto, for repairing the old Roads and Bridges - - - - 500 — —

To James Campbell Esquire, for the Balance of Subsistence to Five Companies of 200 Men each, raised in Sterlingshire, for his Majesty's Service during the Rebellion, Anno 1745; from

13th December 1745, to 26 March 1746, when discharged -

To Captain David Wat Jen, for 365 Days additional Pay, as Deputy Quarter-mailer General in

North Britain, from 25th December 1747, to 24th December 1748, at £S. per Diem-, and for several other Purposes, pursuant to Lieutenant-General Bland1 s Warrant - '

To Messieurs Timbrel/, Barlozv, and Spencer, on Account, for building Stables near Buckingham Gate, whilst the Horse Guards is rebuilt -

To satisfying the Corn raft ors for supplying the Forces in Minorca with Salt Beef, over and above the Sixpence per Man per Week, stopt from the Subsistence of the Regiments there, pursuant to Contrail - -

To his Majesty's Proportion of the Expence of Coals furnished for the Garrison of Gibraltar To Thomas Revell Esquire, Contractor for victualling; and to answer all Payments

made and to be made, to complete that Service, as well for victualling as for Insurance, and all, incident Charges, to 31st December 1749 ——

To General St, Clair, for extraordinary Expences, and for transporting his Baggage from Turin Home -

To Colonel Cornwallis, for Equipage when he was appointed Commander in Chief of the Forces in Nova Scotia -

To Colonel Hopfons Bills for Fuel and other contingent Services for the Garrison of To Mr. Tomlinson, for discharging a Bill, drawn by Governor Shirley on the Paytnafter-General, for Provisions for 400 Men, lent to Annapolis, by Messieurs Apthorpe and Hancock To Governor Shirley's Bill to Messieurs Apthorpe and Hancock, on account of a Cargo of Goods purchased by them to be sent to Nova Scotia, to pay for Supplies to subsist the New England Troops in the Year 1746, (Ac.- - - - , - -

To Jermyn Wright and Harman Verelfi Esquires, for purchasing Goods to be distributed in Prel'ents to the Indians in Alliance with the Provinces Carolina and Georgia -

For 6 Days Pay to the Troops of HejJ'e Cafe/, from the 25th to the 30th December 1748 For the Extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Waggon-money, and other Extraordinaries, due to the said Troops, from 6 November 1747, to 30th December 1743 To the Proportion of 63 Days Ordinary Pay for the Retirn Home of the Wolfenbuttle Troops late in the Pay of Great Britain; and for their extraordinary Pay, or Douceurs, Waggon-money, and other Extraordinaries, due to the said Troops, from 14th April, to 3 ill December 1748 inclusive, N. S. - - - - - -

For the Pay of General, and General Staff-Officers, and Officers of the Hospital in Flanders, from the 2 jth December 1748, to the several Periods of their Services abroad

To Mr. Gamier for Medicines, Materials, and Utenflls, provided and delivered for the Use of the Forces and Hospitals at home and abroad, during the Year 1749 To Mr. Cathcart, on account of the Hospitals under his DireCiion -To Mr, Maxwell, on account of the Hospital in North Britain

To the Expences incurred in the reduction of Sir William Pepper red s and Colonel Shirley's Regiments, and transporting the Non-commission Officers and private Men to the Continent

£. s. d.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Heron, for his Expences in disbanding General Oglethorpe's Regiment, and forming Three Independent Companies - - 8x 6

To Ditto, to satisfy the Expences of several Beats and Persons employed therein with Provisions to transport Detachments of General s Regiment*

in Georgia, from 25th December 1748, to the 24th March 1749 - - - 257 10 8

To Ditto, for the Hire of a Sloop to transport disbanded Soldiers from Georgia

to South Carolina ----- -- 100 -

To Mr. Nathanael Newbery, and Lieutenant Daniel, for Boat Service in

Georgia - - - - 179 19 4

To 117 Horses of his Royal High nets the Duke's Dragoons that were loft or cast, at 3 per Horse -

To the Expences and Losses of the Officers and Men of Lord s Regiment, who were

stranded in Normandy in January 1748 -

To Grass-money to 60 Dragoons of Lord Cobbams Regiment - - 157 10 —

To Ditto of Sir John Cope's Regiment - - - 157 10 —

To Ditto of 71 D® of Sir Philip Honey woods Regiment - - - 18076

To Robert Fowler Coad, Thomas Le Coca, and Charles Lampriere, to complete their Contract for victualling the ltland of Jei'Jey and Guernsey - -

' '* ' ' £ s. d.

To Bounty to the reduced Men of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards - 118 7 —

Vol. 25.

£. s. d.

7,500

478 18 2

349 2 3

500

2,275 - ,

690 '

4>837 I 9

500 — —

500 — —

6,585 12 —

1,467 l6, 10

1,300 6 8

3,000 — —

2,043 8

19,694 4 t

11,366 9 2

2,454 11 8

3>°58 7 3

8 co ——

400 — — -

1,562 15 9

618 16 6

351 ——

277 16 8

501 7 6

677 i9

1

952

i6KJanuarti.

To make good the deficient Off-reckonings of the said Men, from the Time of Reduction, to the Expiration of their Cloathing Alignment

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of the Firfi: Regiment of Dragoon Guards ——

To make good their deficient Offreckonings -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of the Second Regiment of Dragoon Guards ——

To make good their deficient Off-reckonings -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of the Third Regiment of Dragoon Guards - -

To make good their deficient Off-reckonings -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons To make good their deficient Off-reckonings -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of Lieutenant-General Dragoons

To make good their deficient Off-reckonings - -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of Lord Mark Kerr's Dragoons To make good their deficient Off-reckonings -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men of Lord Cob ham's Dragoons -To make good their deficient Off-reckonings

To the Pay of t Cornet, i Serjeant, i Corporal, and 39 private Men, in each Troop of the Earl of Craufurds Dragoons, from the 25th December 174S, to the 31st January following, when reduced, after their Arrival from Flanders - -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men -

To their deficient Off-reckonings ——

To the Pay of the aforegoing Number of Men of Sir Robert Rich's Regiment of Dragoons, from the 25 th of December 1748, to the 23d February following To Bounty-money to the reduced Men - -

To their deficient Off-reckonings

To the Pay of the like Number of Men of the Earl of Rothes's Dragoons To Bounty-money to the reduced Men -To their deficient Off-reckonings -

To the Pay of the like Number of Men of Sir John Cope's Dragoons To Bounty-money to the reduced Men

To their deficient Off-reckonings -

To the Pay of his Royal High nets the Duke's Dragoons, from 25th December 1748, to 17th February following, when reduced -

To Bounty-money to the reduced Men - -

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - -'

To Bounty-money and Sword-money of the reduced Men of the First Regiment of Foot Guards - -

To their deficient Off-rcckonings -

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men the Second Regiment of Foot Guards ' - . - -

To their deficient Off-reckonings - . - - " -

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the Third Regiment of Ditto - - - '- -

To their deficient Off reckonings -

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Lieutenant-General Thomas Howard's Regiment To their deficient Off-reckonings -

To Bounty^money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Colonel Rich's Regiment - - - '

To their deficient Off-reckonings - -

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Major-General Wolfe's Regiment -To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - . -

346 J. 12 d. 1

85 11

619 7 —

i 38 2

424 4 2

24 '5 8

414 ‘5

42 16 —

681 5 2

r- 18 9

654 16 2

25 12 —

414 >5 7

23 »5 8

57i 4 6

926 5

523 17 —

554 5 I I

1,486 17 6

3® 2 —

554 5 11

1,486 x7 6

36 2 —

554 5 11

1,486 J7 6

38 1 —

554 5 11

2,958 I 8

75 12 —

706 5 8

33° iS

2,939 10 IO

231

1,889 12 3

286 *9

1,889 12 3

35 2 8

274 8 10

47 *5

266 14 I

24 7 4

266 14 1

A. 1749.

C s. A 464 19 1

704 18 —

462 6 2

439 10 8

724 1 2

747 *4 H

440 7 7 595 ~ 2

A V

2,006 7 H

T

2.071 5 5 *.077 5 S 2,079 4 S

r 5

3,739 19 4 3,270 8 10

l

2,120 12 3 2,176 11 j 309 11 6

3*4 9 1

291 1 4

23 Geo. II.

26° JamariL

jC"

To Bounty-money and Sword- money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Colonel BocklantTs Regiment > - - - 11 13 4

To their deficient Off-reckonings - _ - - - 266 14 1

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of General Skelton's Regiment - - - - -44174

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - 266 14 1

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of General Pulteney's 'Regiment - - - - -1164

To their deficient Off-reckonings ----- - 274 10 10

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional

Companies of Lord George Beauclerk's Regiment - - - 23 — 4

T$> their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - " - - 260 15 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional

Companies of Lord George Sackville's Regiment - - - - 2116

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - £64 6

4

6

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Lieutenant-General Campbell's Regiment - - - 46 4. —

Tq their deficient Off-reckonings - 263 14 6

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Lieutenant-General Hujke'sRegiment - - - - 6 13 —

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - 250 — 8

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Lord Henry Beauclerk'sRegiment - - - - - 55 16

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - 264 6

4

6

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Colonpl Leightons Regiment - -

To their deficient Off-reckonings -

27 14 — - 266 14 x

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Lieutenant-General yoAw/wi's Regiment - - - - 11 18 —

To their deficient Off-reckonings ----- - 266 14 1

To Bounty-money and Sword-money of the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Major-General Cholmondeley's Regiment - -

Xo their deficient Off-reckonin^s -

49 15 —

- 272 12 6

To Bounty-monfcy and Sword-money of the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Major-General Fleming's Regiment - - - - 2774

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - 266 14 1

To Bounty-money and Sword-money of the reduced Men of the additional Companies of Colonel Dejeans Regiment - - - - 31 7 —

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - 266 14 1

To Bounty-money and Sword-money of the reduced Men of Colonel

Regiment - 503 5 6

To their deficient Off-reckonings - ... . - . -1,780 410

To the Pay of Ten Companies of Lord Loudos Regiment, flora 25th of December 1748, to the January following, and the Pay of the additional Companies of the said Regiment, from 25th December 1748, to the 20th and 24th of June 1749, when they were disbanded ----- 2,371 To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - 446

To their deficient Off-reckonings ----- -1,021

3

3

7

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Colonel Naizon's Regiment of Dragoons, from 23th December 1748, to 24th February following, exclusive, the Day of their landing in Ireland To Bounty-money to their reduced Men -To their deficient Off-reckonings -

- 481 18 —

78 1 6

- 703 10 10

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Lieutenant-General St. George's Regiment of Dragoons, from 25th December 1748, to 24th

March following, exclusive, the Day of their landing in Ireland To Bounty-money of the reduced Men -

To their deficient Off-reckonings - -

- 703 2 —

- 65 11 —

- 404 6 3

m

C d-

Z78 7 5 3x1 11 5

285 17 2 283 i* 4

286 2 10

309 18 6

256 13 8 320 2 10

294 81

278 12 1

322 7 6

294 1 5

298 L I 2,283 IO 4

3,838 14

i 263 IO 4

1,17219 3

VOL. 25.

ii K

954

a<5* yan

To the Difference of Pay between the English and 7r^ Edablishmentbf the ift

Battalion of Lieutenant-General St. Clair's Regiment, from 25th Dectmbtr' 1:

1748, to the ri)ays oT landing in Ireland - - - ib^ 'S

To Bounty-money and Sword-money, of the reduced Men of the additional i

Companies - - - - ‘ ‘.4$ 6 6'

To Subsistence and Bounty-money of the supernumerary Men of this Battalroh,

from 2,5;h December 1748,‘to their Dismission,'the Battalion being reduced

in Flanctersto Irish Numbers the 44th December 1 748 - - 87 jj 10

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - - - .835 *7 41

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of the 2d

Battalion of the said Regiment, from 25th December 1748, to 25th February: 1

following, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland - - - .162 ,15 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced'Men - - - 253 10 6

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - 1,118 13 11-

--r, , - -

To the Difference of Pay between (he English and Irish Lftablidiment of Colonel

Jordan's Regiment of Foot, from 25 December 1748, to iofh February fd- '

lowing, inclusive, when they were reduced to Irish Numbers j and from she 11 February, \schen they confided of Irish Numbers, to the 9 March following, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland- . - . - - 945 9 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - - - .170 16 8

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - . - - 409 t6 8'

To tire Difference of Pay between the English and -Edablishment of Lieutenant-General Handafyd's Regiment, upon Irish Numbers, from the 25

December 1748, to the 26th February following, exclusive, when they landed':

in Ireland - jfrj 7 6

To Bounty-money and Sword-money. to the reduced Men - 262 2 —

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - ( °620.16 10/

_v_ ... ! w

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Edablishment of Colonel Fo/liott's Regiment, upon Irish Numbers, from , 25 December 1748, to 28 February following, ejcclusive, when they landed mlr eland - - 170' tz 6

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - - - 255 1 6

To |heir deficient Offreckonings - - - 513 —

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Lieutenant-General Blak'eney's Regiment, when they confided of Numbers, from, 25th December 1748, to 27 February following, exclusive, when they

landed in Ireland - - - . - - 168 ___ __

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced'Men ‘ - - 245 n

To their deficient Offreckonings - - - - . - " 645 8 .4'

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Edablishment of Colonel Murray'sJlegirnent, from "25 December 1748,' to the Days of landingin '

Ireland; - 2,186 7 — "

To Bounty-mortey and ‘Sword-money to the reduced Men - - " 71 12 8

To theifxleficient Off-reckonings , -7 , - - - ., - .211 — 9

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Edablishment of Colo-. nel Lascelles's Begitnent, from 25th December 1748, to 28th of the fame

Month, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland-.>- ( - - 7 17 6

To Bounty-money, and Sword-money'to the reduced Men - - - 137 12 2

To their deficient Qff-Tec^onipg_s - - - - 648

To the Difference of Pay between the EtfgUJh and Irish Edablifhme<it of Lieutenant-General Framptons Regiment, from 25 December 1748, to The-14th of

February following, exclusive, when ‘mey landed in Ireland 133 17 6

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men_ - - 229 5 4

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - 1,214 19 7

To the Difference of Pay "between the English and Irish Edablishment of Brigadier Hftbbef/'s Regiment, from 2»5th -, Pecm&T .1748, to the respective-Days of landing in Ireland - -V , -- ' . , ' - - 85116

To Bounty-moneyjipd, Sword-money to the "reduced'Men - - 263 14 —

To their deficient, Offreckonings - - - . - 1,198 14 3

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Edablishment of Lord Panmure's Regiment, from the 25th December 1748, to the respective Days of landing in Ireland - - . ' - - - - t

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional Companies ——

To Subsidence and Bounty-money of the supernumerary Men of this Regiment, from 25th December 1 748, to their Didniffion, the Regiment being reduced to'Irish Numbers the 24th December in Flanders To their deficient Off-reckonings - -

192 3 —

24 6 6

*33 *7 3 *35 7 4

A. 1749.

£ d-

2,tUO I3 7

'M*® 2 4

i-04« 6 4

938 14

1!9 4

1

Mb — 5

793 17

1*578 2 5

L547 *9 p

1,185 *4 1

23 Geo. II.

2 6° Janww

To the Difference of Pay between the Ettg and Establishment of Lien-

tenant-General Bragg's Regiment, when they consisted O1' hrift Numbers, from 25th December 1748, to the respective Days of their landing in Ireland To Bounty-money and Sword-money of the reduced Men of the addkronal'Companies - -

To Subsistence and Bounty-money of the supernumerary Men of this Regiment, from the 25th December 1748,10 their Dismission, the Regiment being re-

" duced to drift Numbers the 24 December, in Flanders To their deficient Off-reckonings - -

s. d.

£ s‘ 4*

200 5 9 j

58 t9 —

248 2 10

<828

3 1

To the Pay of the additional Companies of Lord John Murray's Regiment, from

25th December 1748, to the several Days of Reduction June 1749 - 2,868 17 —

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish EstabbGmienr, when the said Regiment was reduced to Irish Numbers, from 25th December 1748, to; the respective Days of landing in Ireland - 234 18 9

To Bourny-money and Sword-money of the reduced Men of ftbe additional

Companies - - - - \ , t , - , i6£ 7 —

To Subsistence and Bounty-.money of the supernumeraTy Men oftVts Regiment, from the December 1748, to their Diimission, the Regimen^ being re-

duced to Irish Numbers the 24th December, in Flanders - .186 4 2

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - . - - .5.56 12 4

1

4,012 3

To the DiffeTencenf-Pay-between the English and Irish Establishment of Colonel

Regimen*, when they were reduced toTrjJwihJumberSj from 25th Zfe-: - J

cember 1748, to 14 February following, exclusive, whea they landed in Ireland 133 17 6-To Bounty-money and SwordTmoney to the reduced Men-of the additional ' /

Companies - 1 - - -- 22 14 8'

To Subsistence aid Bounty-money to the filperntiowiratry-Men of this Regiment,

from 25th December 1748, to their Oifmiffi0i>, Vhelteg4ment seeing reduced -to Irish Numbers the 24 December, in Flanders - - - 50 19 8

To their deficient Off-reckonings - 828 13 7

1,036

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Cqlp- , nel Conway's Regiment, after being reduced to Irish Numbers, from 25 Decern-

her 1748, to the relpeiftive Days of their landing in Ireland -236 5 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of the additional

Companies - . 29 7 4 ,

To Subsistence and Bounty-money to the supernumerary Men of this Regiment, from 25m December 1748, to f heir Dismission, the Regiment being reduced to Irish Numbers the 24; b December, in Flanders - ‘ - 64 5 2

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - 829 5 6

To the Difference of Pay between t\rt English and Irish Establishment of Lieu- :-tenant-General Wynyard's Regiment, from 25 December 1748, to 5th 1

1749, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland - - - - 4,^48 9 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to (the rtdutted Men - - ^3*3 6 8 -

To 30 Days Subsistence of 10 Secants, to Corporals, to Drums, and 228 ' ! -

private disbanded Men, of this Regiment, from 25 , to 23 September '

*' 1749, the Day of Reduction -at Plymouth ----- 206 ——

1 1 -'i ' i

To the Difference of Ray between the English arid Irish Establishmejpt of Brigi-dier OffarrelCsRegiment, from 25 December 1,748,; to 7th QSober. 1749,

exclusive, when they landed in Ireland - - - 4,553 J4 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - 13* 3 4

To 29 Days Subsistence of 5 Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 5 Drums, and 245 disbanded Men, of this Regiment, from 25th August, to 22 September 1749 - 194 to 10

M59

4*887

4,880

3 —

15 8

8 2

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Colonel 1

Kennedy's Regiment, from 25 th December 1748, to 5 October 1749, exclusive,

when they landed in Ireland - - - ' 4*54® 9

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Mdn - 120 11 —

To 30 Days Subsistence of 9 Serjeants, 10 Corporals, 5 Drums, and 210 disbanded Men, of this Regiment, from 25th August, to 23 September 1749. - . 186 — —

To the Difference of Pay between the ^English and Irish Establishment of Lieu- ' tenant-General Anstruther's Regiment, from 25th December 1748, to 6th of October 1749, exclusive, when they landed in Ir - - 4*55* 1 To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men -' - 105 *3 8

To 30 Days Subsistence of 2 Serjeants, 6 Corporals, 5 Drums, and 195 disbanded Men, of this Regiment,-from the 25th of August, to 23 d September 1749 - - . - - - 1 SO 5 —

4,855 ——

4,817 — a

Vol. 25,

95 6 16*

To the Difference of Pay between the En and Irish Establishment of Major-General Fowke's Regiment, from 25th December 1748, to 22d 1749,

executive, when they landed in Ireland -To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men -To 28 Days Subsidence of Serjeants, 5 Corporals, 5 Drums, and 132 Men, of this Regiment, from the 25th June, to 24 July 1749, when they were disbanded - -

£ s. d.

3.396 18 6

74 7 4

182 6

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Lieutenant-General Hargrave's Regiment of Fufileers, from the 25th December 1748, to 21st July 1749, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland - - 3,394 6 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - - - 180 3 4

To 32 Days Subsistence of 7 Serjeants, 4 Corporals, 6 Drums, and 340 Men, of this Regiment, from 25th June, to 26 July 1749, when they were disbanded ----- --- 293 7 4

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Lieutenant-General Read's Regiment, from 25th December 1748,10 26 and 5 August 1749, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland - 3,420 11 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - 157 4 —

To 32 Days Subsistence of 6 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 7 Drums, and 297 Men, of this Regiment, from 25 June, to 16 July 1749, when they were disbanded - 256 16 —

To the Difference of Pay between the English and Irish Establishment of Lord Tyrawley's Regiment, from 25 December 1748,10 27 July 1749, exclusive, when they landed in Ireland - - - 3,410 1 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - - - 134 16 —

To 32 Days Subsistence of 11 Serjeants, 10 Corporals, 8 Drums, and 232 Men, of this Regiment, from 2j June, to 26 July 1749, when they were disbanded - -- -- - 222 8 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men of Colonel Hof fan's

Regiment - 88 17 —

To 42 Days Subsistence of 5 Serjeants, 3 Corporals, 2 Drums, and 137 private Men, of this Regiment, disbanded at Louijbourg the 10 August 1749, and landed at Plymouth 21st September following - - - - 138 6 —

To the Pay of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, 1 Drum, and 39 Men, per Company of Lieutenant-General DalzelPs Regiment, together with the Pay of the Quarter-master, from 25 December 1748, to 24 April 1749, the Day of their Reduction - -- -- - 1,812 19 8

To their deficient Off-reckonings - - - - 178177

To the Pay of Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe's Regiment, from 25th December

1748, to the 29th of May 1749, the Day of its Difbandment - - 6,169 16 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the reduced Men - - - 699 4 4

To .38 Days Subsistence of 1 Captain, 3 Lieutenants, 13 Serjeants, 12 Corporals,

1 Drum, and 87 private Men, of this Regiment, from the 30 May, to 6th

July 1749, the Day they landed in England - - - - 169 8 4

To the Pay of the Carolina Independent Companies, from 29 May 1749, to the several Days of their Reduction on the 20th and 24 June, and 9 July following - 558 15 —

To Bounty-money and Sword-money to the disbanded Men of the said Companies - - - - -118 26

Total of Extraordinaries for the Year 1749 -

In Part whereof.

Saved by the reduced Pay of 1 Corporal, 1 Trumpeter, and 20 private Men, reduced in each Troop of the Royal Regiment of Horse Guards, on different Days, between the 6 and 24 December 1748 -

By Ditto of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 23 Men, reduced in each Troop of the 1 ft Regiment of Dragoon Guards, on the 17 Nov. 1748 -By Ditto of the Second Regiment of Dragoon Guards, on the 11 Nov. 1748 -By Ditto of the 3d Regiment of Dragoon Guards, on the 16 D*

By Ditto of 1 Cornet, 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and 39 Men, reduced in each Troop of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, on different Days, between the 9th November and 24 December 1748 -

By Ditto of General Bland's Dragoons, on 21 ft November 1748 By Ditto of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, and, 23 Men, reduced in each Troop of Lord Cobham's Dragoons, on different Days, between the 11 of November and 24 December 1748 ——

- £-

434 4 —

753 8 3 597 6 — 515 17 —

828 13 3

808 10 —

543 ——

A. 1749.

£. s. d.

3,653 11 10

3,867 16 8

3,834 11 —

3»767 5

227 3 —

1,99! 17 3

7,038 8 8

676 17 6

178,005 4 11

Limiting Service in the Army*

23 Geo. II. 26° Jamarii.

by Ditto reduced of Lord Mark Kerr's Dragoons, on r6 Nov. 1748 -

By Ditto of 2 Serjeants, 1 Corporal, 1 Drum, and 38 Men, reduced in each Troop of Colonel Naizcn's Dragoons, on Different Days, between the 1 ith

November and 24 December 1748 -....

By Ditto of the Reduced Men of the First Regiment of Foot Guards By Ditto of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards -By Ditto of the Third Regiment of Foot Guards -By Ditto of the Two additional Companies of the ift Battalion of General St. Clair's Regiment, from 2 November to 24 December 1748, exclusive of the Pay of the Commission-Officers ——

By Ditto of 1 Second Lieutenant, 2 Serjeants, 2 Corporals, 2 Drums, and 71

private Men, per Company, and the Quarter-master of the 2d Battalion of the said Regiment, from the 2d to 24 December 1748, inclusive By Ditto of the Two additional Companies of Lieutenant-General -

arttsRegiment, from 4th arid 7th November, to 24 December I74®> exclusive -of the Pay of Commission-Officers ——

By Ditto of Lieutenant-General Barretts Regiment, from 12 to

24 December 1748 -

By Ditto of Major-General Wolfe's Regiment, for Ditto Time -

By Ditto of Colonel Bockland's Regiment, from I Ith Nov.to Ditto By Ditto of General Skelton's Regiment, from 12th , to Ditto By Ditto of Lieutenant-General Pulteney's Regiment, from 5th Ditto, to Ditto 'By Ditto of Lord George Beauclerk's Regiment, from 17th Ditto, to Ditto By Ditto of Lord George Sackville's 'Regiment, from 14th Ditto, to Ditto -By Ditto of Lieutenant-General Campbell's Regiment, from 14th and 15th Ditto, to Ditto -

By Ditto of Lieutenant-General Hujkc's Regiment, from 27th Ditto, to Ditto by Ditto of Lord Panmure' % Regiment, from 2d Ditto, to -by-Ditto of Lieutenant-General Bragg's Regiment, from 3d and 12th Ditto, to Ditto-- ——

By Ditto of Lord Henry Beauclerk's Regiment, from 15th Ditto, to

By Ditto of Colonel Leighton's Regiment, from 13th , to Ditto By Ditto of Lieutenant-General Johnson's Regiment, from to Ditto

By Ditto of Major-General Cholmondeley's Regiment, from 8 th Ditto, to Ditto By Ditto of Major-General Flemings Regiment, from I ith and 12th Ditto, to Ditto -

By Ditto of Colonel Dejean's Regiment, from rath Ditto, to Ditto By Ditto of Colonel Lee's Regiment, from 5th and 12th Ditto, to Ditto By Ditto of Colonel Coatpay's Regiment, from 8th Ditto, to Saved by the Reduction of 1 Serjeant, 1 Corporal, 1 Drum, and 51 Men, per Company, of Lieutenant-General Handafyd's Regiment, and the Quarter-master of the said Regiment, from 3d to 24 December 1748 -.

By Ditto of Colonel Folliott's Regiment, from the 30th November and 4th of December, to 24 December 1748 - -

by Ditto of Lieutenant-General Blakeney'sRegiment, from 26 to

Ditto -

By Ditto of Colonel Lascelles Regiment, from 23th November, to Ditto By Ditto of Colonel Hopfon's Regiment to Irish Numbers, from the 10 August 1749, and from 18 September following, exclusive, the Day of their landing in Ireland ——

By the Reduction of Colonel Battereaus Regiment, from 23d of November, to 24 December 1748 ——

By Ditto of Colonel Shirley's, from 25 April 1740, to 24 December following by Ditto of Sir William Pepper ell's Regiment, from 16 Ditto, to Ditto By Ditto of the Garrison of Louijbourgh, from 21st , to 24 December

1749 ....

I- s. d SH x7 —

883 11 6

243 3 —

231 ——

286 19

312 17 4 672 7 4

291 16 2

25a 14 —

792 14 —

358 14 4

602 14 — 294 16 4 737 *2 4 240 13 4

137 13 2

168 9 4l

312 17 4

279 *5 6 480 13 4

772 *4 — 902 14 — 282 15 8

772 14 —

742 14 —

279 15 6

282 15 8

328 13 — 377 19

453 17 — < 469 10 —

4,696 2 8

1,770 8 — 10,660 15 4

11,053 19 10

424 6 8

Total of Savings by the Reduction ----- 46,849 11 10

Saved on the Head of Forage and Provisions granted in the Year 1748, to be

furnished to the Body of auxiliary Troops of Russia - - - - 57,980 8 —

Saved on the Subsidy voted to the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of HeJJe

1,730 10 6

- 4>474 8 7}

- 1,489 1 4f

War-Office, 26 January 1749-50.

H. Fox.

Caffcl, for the Year 1749 ——

Saved on Ditto to the Elector of Bavaria, for the Year 1749 Saved on Ditto to the Duke of Wolfenbuttle, for the Year 1749 -

Remains to be provided for by Parliament - - - 4

957

£ * d-

112,524 — 4 65,481 4 7

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill for limiting respective Times at, and Conditions upon, which every Non-commission Officer or Soldier Voi., 25.

now, or who may hereafter be such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be entitled to be discharged from the said Service, notwithstanding a Number of Forces by Land shall, by Authority of Parliament, be kept on Foot, was read a Second time.

*«vL r&efobved,

Silk Manufactures

Supply.

Ways and Means.

West wood Gate, dec. Road.

958 — -29

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Se-

vennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself! into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 2 90 die Januarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1749. Prayers.

A PETITION of several of the principal Inhabitants, Tradesmen, Manufacturers of Cutlery Wares, and common Carriers, of the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was pre-

lected to the House, and read; setting forth, That the moll common Road from the said Town to London has hitherto been through Harborough aforesaid, to Northampton; betwixt which Towns the Road has been so extremely bad and ruinous, for many Years pall, and is at present so difficult and dangerous, notwithstanding the Tolls, that the Petitioners despair of its being made better; and that the Petitioners are informed, and have great Reason to believe, that if the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing the Road leading from Knotting Westwood Gate, in the County of Bedford, over Bridge,

through Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to Market Harborough, in the County of Lei-ctfter, should take effect, it will be a Means of opening a shorter and better Road from Market Harborough to London, of expediting the Carriage, and Ibortening the Journies, of the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabi-

Januarii. ^.1749.

tants of the said Town, and the Neighbourhood thereof, and of other trading Towns in the North: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Rotherham, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Che/lerfeld, in the County of Derby, and the principal Inhabitants and Tradesmen of the same Place: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, and others, of the Town of Leicester, in the County of Leicester: And also.

A Petition of some of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester;

Werealfo severallypresented to the House, and read; severally setting forth. That the Road now leading from.

Market Harborough to London, through Northampton, has for many Years past been exceeding bad and ruinous, and in Winter-time has been, and now is, almost impassable; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill, now depending in the House, for repairing the Road leading from Knotting West-wood Gate, in the County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, should take effect, it may be the Means of opening a shorter and better Road to London, and will be of greater Service and Advantage to the said Towns, and all other Places in the ' North using the said Road; And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Mr. Bowen, from Dispositk* the Treasury, attended at the Door; of Grama.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursumt to their Address to his Majesty, an Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1749, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 24th Day of this instant Januan 1749, and the Sums remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

o

r

ACCOUNT shewing how the Money, given for die Service of the Year 1749, hath been disposed of; distiegnished under the fereral Head*, nutil the 44th Day of this instant Jeanary 1749, end the Sumi mnnining anfatufied,

with tli<* Deficiency thereof.

to

U\

O

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

SERVICES.

d‘

SFor th eViftuals, Wages, and WearandTear, of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for 17,000Men, for 1 \ Months, beginning the iftof January

1748....

For the Ordinary of the Navy, and for Half-pay to Sea Officers ——

Towards the Support of Greenwich llospital

839,8°° — — 285,878 — 8 10,000 — —

Towards discharging Seamens Wages, and other Payment.*, due on the Debt of the Navy, on the 3 ill Day of Decani 1748, not already provided for 1,000,000 ——

c f For Ordnance Sea Service S < For Ordnance Land Service

T ( For defraying the extraordinary Expences of the Office of Ordnance for Services not provided for by Parliament

44/joo ——

>34*366 17 8 42,780 1H ‘2

612,230

218,864

c

r For defraying the Charge of 18,857 cfleltive Men, for Guards and Garrisons, Commission and Non*Commission Officers included, for the Service »of the Year 1749 ——

For maintaining his Majesty's Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, Minorca, and Gibraltar; and for Provifmns for the Garrisons at Annapolis Royal, Placentia* Gibraltar, and Providence, for t)ie Year 1749 ——

For defraying the Charge of his Majesty's Forces in the llland of Cape Breton, and of the t2 Independent Cornpauic* of Foot in the End Indies, for the Year 1749 ——

For the Pay of the General and Staff Officers, for the Year 1749 ——

Upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1749 ——

Fur Pcufions to the Widows of reduced Officers of Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1749 ——

For defraying the Charge for Allowance to several Officers and private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards, and Regiment of Horse

lately reduced, for the Year 1749 - - -- -- -- -- 5,281 16

Upon Account, for Out-pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1749.63,274 6

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces in Flanders, and North Britain and America, and of other Services incurred v_ in the Year 1748, not provided for by Parliament ——

7

5i

111.612 3 4

16,000 — — 67 tn6 18 4

3.86715 7}

Sums granted.

Sums paid.

s. d.

2,13.0671 — 8

22 C347 *5 10

418,128 18 10

J To be paid over to the Quei g I lion concluded at the Hague 26 January 1748 ^5/ To make good his Majesty'i

Queen of Hungary, to answer the like Sum claimed by her as an Arrear of the Sum of £.400,000 mentioned in the Conven-

\ t«

To

LTo

good his Majesty's Engagements with the Duke of Brunswick Wolfcnbuttlc, pursuant to Treaty make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Bavaria, pursuant to Treaty - -

make good his Majesty's Engagements with the King of Sweden, as Landgrave of Hejje Cajfel, pursuant to Treaty -make good his Majesty's Engagements with the Elector of Mentis, pursuant to Treaty -

100,000 ——

30.548 14 6

44.744 6 3

30,078 a 6

8,620 ——

To make good the Deficiency of the C.raiiU Anno 1748 ----- -....

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, for One Year's Interest, due Michaelmas 1748, on Duties oh Salt, continued Anno 1745 To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the additional Stamp Duties, at Christmas 1747 To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties for retailing Spirituous Liquors at Lady

470,186 9

35,00° — 7,180 5

3

8

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the additional Duties on Wines, at Midsummer 1748 -i To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency on Sweets, or Wines made from British or foreign Fruit j or Sugar, at Michaelmas 1748 -

To replace to the Sinking ru

Midsummer 1748 ----- _ _ _ ____

- To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Houses, Windows and Lights, at Michaelmas 1748

9,3°8 7 15VW 11

5*

1,516,486 5 1

2>3.99i 3 3

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the Fike Sum paid thereout, to make good the Deficiency of the Duties on Glass and Spirituous Liquors, at

,3,827 12 6 33,804 13

For making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the additional Duties on Wines imported

For making good the Deficiency, at Christmas 1748, of the additional Duties on Glass and spirituous Liquors

To make good the Deficiency of the new Duties on Windows, Houses, and Lights, at Lady-day 1749

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt 1747, at Lady-day 1749.....-

(JTo make good the Deficiency of Land Tax 1747, at Michaelmas 1749....

*28,268 15 5i 1,462 6 10 41,822 10 5 31,060 16 — I

119,861 17 — i 146.447 11 8

c

d.

2,128,771 17 11

221,347 >5 10

Remaining to be paid.

6,906 2 9

M76,3>9 18 6J

*13.991 3 3

I 953.528 17 1 745.470 6 7i

340,166 6 6J

Ui

o

w

o

so

<108,05810 54

so

Cr*

SO

% SERVICES. Sums granted. Sums paid. Remaining to be paid.

' 0 Granted to his Majesty, upon Account, towards the Charge of transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, and suppoi ting and maintaining the re, for a certain time after their Arrival, such reduced Officers and private Men, lately dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty's Subjects, £. £ <* £

u ' b. as shall be willing to settle there - - 40,000 35.934 7 7 4*065 l* 5

c V,) u r» Towards building a Bridge cross the Tknmet, from Westminster to the opposite Shore - - - -To reimburse the Magistrates and Town-Council of Glufgow the Sums extorted from them by the Rebels, for their Loyalty during the late unnatural Rebellioa Towards the Support of the Trade to Africa, any Sum not exceeding - - - - 1 2,000 10,000 10,000 10.000 — — 10.000 12,000 — —

O Paid Persons for their Lode* on Account of the infectious DiUemper amongst the Horned Cattle For the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, for the Year 1749 7,400 5*304 3 4 7,400 5,304 3 4 r

£ 5»25>736 5 3 4,554,539 *3 571,196 ia 1

VO

' OV

o

Ways and Means towards supplying the said Services.

9. i.

0,000,000 ----- --By the Land Tax 1749.

750,000 ----- --By the Malt Duty 1749.

1.000. 000 — — By the Sinking Fuad.

1.000. 000 — — On Credit of the Supply 1750.

4>750,oooo — —

375>736 5 3 Being the Deficiency on the other Side.

5.1*5*736 5 3

There remains uniflfued of the Ways and Means -And then the Deficiency of the Grants will be

195,460 6 io|

375>736 5 3

\0'

9

Thi* Account, fated in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands* tpon an Address of this Honourable lloule, is humbly presented, this 39th Day of January 1749, by

Thomas Bow tit.

o

o

00

o

j

NO

4*

Westwood Gatr, Icc* koad.

Earl of

Bradford's

Elite.

Silk Ooodi exported.

23 Geo. II. 290

Ordered, That the said Account do He upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

Petition of Stephen Longhorn, of Cotttfbrook, in the County of A Northampton, Clerk, was presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the First, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge, near Church Brampton, in the County of Northampton, through the Parish of to a

Bridge called Welftrd Bridge, in the Parish of Wetftrd,

in the said County, and also the great Post Road from a Place calked Merttr-pitt HiU, in the Parish of in the said County, through the Towns and Parishes of Mricksworth, Lamport, MaJewe/t, and

Magna, to a Bridge called Chain Bridge, leading into ktt-Harborough, in the County of LeicepOr, fcvrral Tolls or Duties were granted, to take place, and have Continuance, from the Twentieth Day of March 1721, for the Term of Twenty-one Years; and, by the same Act, the Trustees were impowered to borrow Monies at Interest upon the Credit of the Tolls or Duties arising in consequence thereof; and that the Terms and Powers'grahted by the afore-mentioned Act were, by another Act passed in or about the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, enlarged and continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and that the Petitioner hath, at different Times advanced and lent, on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, feveraiSums of Money, amounting; in the Whole, to the Sum of Three thousand Pounds; whichSum, besides Interest, now remains wholly due on the said Tolls and Duties, secured by several Assignments thereof, by way of Mortgage: And alleging. That if the Bill depending in the House, for repairing the Road leading from Weffwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Dit , through the Towns of Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of North-

ampton, to the Town of Market - Harborough, in the County of Leicester, should pass into a Law, the Petitioner's Money will be in great Hazard, if not wholly loft: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass; or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Committees of Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of his personal Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Estates of Inheritance, for the' Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Bapt. Lev. Gower, Mr. Bridge-man, Mr. HiU, Mr. Ord, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Plumer, Lord Howe, Mr. Palmer, Lord Robert Mr. Mr.

Charles Yorke, Sir Rickard Wrottcjley, Mr. Anson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Fane, Mr. Wef, Mr. Bury, Mr. Ljfter, Sir John Cuji, Lord Egmont, Mr. Martin, Sir Edmund Thomas, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Finch, Mr. , Mr. Corne-wall, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mitchell; And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Salop and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed. That Mr. Oxenford, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantity of wrought Silks, or Goods mixed with Silk, which have been exported from the Port ot London, for which a Drawback or Bounty is payable to the Exporter, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1749, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of raw, thrown, and wrought Silks, which have been annually imported into the Port of London from Spain and Italy, from the Year Voi. *5.

1718, to the Year 1743, both inclusive, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts dolie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session,

Mr. Earl reported from the Committee, to whom the Duke of Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Leases and Estates, therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and kfUtw! Ht/bcch, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln, which were forfeited by James late Duke of Monmouth, put in Exigent upon an Indictment of High Trea-Ibn, to the Intent that the Loss of the Record of Inch In-' distment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was cotn-mitted, That the Committee had examined the Allega-tiorts of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House: and lie read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ift-grpffed.

Mr. Belchier reported from the Committee, to whom gr. Ocorae the Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inha- Southwark bitants, of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Tythe*. Southwark, and the County of Surrey, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed himtorepoitthe fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the firne was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the following Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. Thomas Wakelyn, Mr. Ambrose Melton, Mr. James Fowler, Mr. William Hill, Mr. William and Mr.

JohnV>enablesNcitryCIerk: Who, being severallyexamined, said, That the said Parish of Saint George is aRettory in the Gift oft he Crown, very populous and extensive; and the Duty of the Minister so great, as to require an Aflistant for the due and regular Performance thereof; and that there is not a suitable and effectual Provision for thellcdtor, nor any Parsonage-house to be found within the said Parish; and no Hector hath for many Years resided within the same, except one about Ten Years since, for a short time.

Then there was produced to the Committee, by the said Mr. Venables, a Book, in which are entered the Proceedings of the Vestry of the said Parish; by which it appeared, that a Vestry was held on tire 26th Day of December last, when they took into Consideration a Letter from the present Rector, complaining of the Small nets of the Reftorship; and desiring that an Inquiry might be made into the Manner or Modus of the Tythe paid or payable to the Rector, and by whom: Upon which it was unanimously agreed, That Five substantial Inhabitants should be appointed to examine into the Nature and Manner of the Payment of the Doctor's Tythes, by whom, for what, and why, some wereexcufed from the Payment of Tythes: And it also appeared, that Five of the Inhabitants were then named, and desired to inspect into the Accounts of the former Rectors of the Parish, and by such other Ways and Means as they should think proper, for the Purposes aforesaid:

That, on the 15th Day of January last, at a Vestry held for the said Parish, a Report was made by the Persons so appointed as aforesaid, That they could not find out any legal Modus, or any certain or unvaried Custom

11M of

962 29° Januarii. 1749.

of paying such Tythes; but the same to be very unequal Or That Lord Mr. Archer, Sir Walter Growth and uncertain, some few paying largely, others very little, Wag. Bagot, Mr. Mr. Bejl, Sir John Silk ia

and many nothing, to the Rector, Mr. Mr. Mr. Sir Peter Amenc*

And the said Mr. Melton further laid. That he had Sir Edm. "Thomas, Lord Harley, Mr. Colleton, Sir Richard collected the said Tythes or Payments for the Rector, Lloyd, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition which have not, for Seven Years pad, amounted ta^.70 of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters, Dyers, and other per Annum, having greatly diminished within a few Years; Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of and are likely to fall much lower, being almost become a themselves, and many Thousand labouring People devoluntary Payment, no visible Right appearing that the pending on the Silk Trade, is referred.

Rector can demand any certain Tythe or Stipend for

performing his Duty as aforesaid, but mud intirely rely An ingrpffed Bill for continuing and granting to his Sappty Mj on the Wills of the Parishioners. Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and w".t,eVia

Then there was produced, to the Committee, an Act. Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven passed in the 6th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, hundred and Fifty, was read the Third time, fox rebuilding the Parish Church of St. George the Martyr, R That the Bill do pass: And that the Title in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, as be. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty One of the 50 new Churches directed to be built by Two certain. Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for Acts of Parliament, One made in the 9th, and the other the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred in the 10th, Year of the Reign of her late Majesty and Fifty.

Queen Anne -, which being read, it appeared. That ho Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords,

Provision was made therein for the Maintenance of the and desire their Concurrence, then Rector of the said Parish, and his Successors.

And all the Witnesses testified, That the Inhabitants The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Navy Debt, of the said Parish are very willing and delirous that a executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great suitable Maintenance should be settled on the present Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Rector, and his Successors, to be raised amongst them- an Estimate of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on fill selves; but that the same cannot be effectually completed December 1749.

without the Aid and Authority of Parliament. And the Titie of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for The said Estimate is as followeth;

settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes: And that Mr. Belchier and Mn Hardingedo prepare, and bring in, the faxsttt

Navy-

23 Geo. II.

29° Jamarii.

96 3

Navy-Office, 24 January 1749.

7 An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Heads hereafter mentioned, y as it flood on the 31st December 1749.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary and Transports.

Due, to pay off and discharge all the Bills, registered on the Course of the Navy, for Stores, Freight of Transports, supplied for the Service thereof - -

To pay off and discharge Bills, registered on the said Course, for Premiums allowed by Act of Parliament on Naval Stores - For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into his Majesty's several Yards, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1749; as also to several Bills of Exchange ——

To his Majesty's Yards and Rope-yards, for the Ordinary and Extraordinary ——

For Half-pay to Sea Officers, according to an Establishment, made by his late Majesty in Council, on that behalf

Seamen's Wages.

Due, to pay the Men, i£c. unpaid on the Books of Ships paid off -To Ships in Sea-pay on the abovesaid 31st December 1749 To discharge and pay offall the Bills, entered in Course, for Pilotage, Surgeons Necessaries, Bounties to Widows and Orphans of Men llain at Sea,

Victualing Debt; as per Estimate received from those Commissioners;

Due, for short Allowance to the Companies of his Majesty's Ships in Pay, and which have been paid off

For paying off all the Bills entered on their Course For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 3 ift December 1749 -

For necessary Money, extra-necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and Contingencies - - - -

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers, employed at the several Ports -

Sick and Wounded; the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners; viz.

Due, for the Quarters and Cure of lick and wounded Seamen set on Shore from his Majesty's Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to the said Service -

The Total amounts to the Sum of Two million Eighty-one thousand Two hundred and Eighteen Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence -

From whence deducting the Money in the Treasurers Hands -

And also the Money that remained to come \ as on the other Side.

in of the Supplies of the Year The Debt will then be One million Eight hundred Sixty-lix thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-two Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence Farthing ——

N. B. In this Debt is included for Freight of Transports between 1 ft January 1748, and 31st December 1749 . 5 Charge of transporting Soldiers

viz. Charge of transporting Settlers to Nova Scotia -And it appears by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualing, that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers between 1 ft January 1748, and 31st December 1749, amounts to - For which Sum of £. 113,380 2 11, no Provision has been made by Parliament; but if thought fit to be granted, as the like Service was provided for in former Years,

The net Debt of the Navy will then be One Million Seven hundred Fifty-three thousand One hundred Seventy-one Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Farthing ——

Particulars.

I.

s.

180,445 16 11

i°»569 3 9

1I7»442 15 11

248,51* 6 5

65,958 4 9

740,653 3 —

519,480 ——

24,358 11 —

23,462 8 — 104,461 5 7

7,800 8 6

1,592 1 8

12,601 ——

»96,363 1 3t

V

18,102 10 3

77,435

23,671

4

1

12,472 17 7

TOTAL.

'£. s. d.

1 622,928 7 9

1,284,491 H —

149,9*7 3 9

23,881 ——

2,081,218 5 6 214,466 3 6f

1,866,752 1 ni

» 113,580 2 II

1,753,*71 19 — T

Savage Mostyn, Jo. Allen, Dan. Devert, Will. Corbett % R. , Edward Falkingham.

Vql. 25.

Memorandum:

v©

4?

Memorandum: There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on 31st December 1749, in Money, as under-mentioned, and may be reckoned towards

satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

o

cq'

r — h

I N'

1 CD

Cl

1

O

o

eg

ft

- On the Heads of

In what Treassurers Hand* \ IN MONEY. r Wear and Tear, Seamen's Wages. Vi&uali, TOTAL.

Old inary and Transports.

Executrix of Sir Charles Wager - > " V 1 T fin Money - - - -ID®, towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen - c 2>*99 — s. d. 5 ~ £ 415 5*3 s. d. 1 ni 5 6 £ 37 s. *7 d. H £ * } 3*65 9 d. 7

William Corbett Esquire - fin Money - - - - £D®, towards the Debt for tick and wounded Seamen - 3.469 4* *>747 254 *7 3 9 98 1 8 } 5.569 *0

Right Honourable Sir John Rushout Baronet t tin Money ----- --- (D*> towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - 7,885 5 5i *47 658 8 ioj 2 — 1,827 5 2 J *0,518 1 5*

R ight Honourable George Dc<£w£/®»Esqui re fin Money - - - - -£d°, towards the Debt for lick and wounded Seamen- 7,916 *5 Si. 8,310 1,891 4 8J 5 547 *4 ioi 18,666 — 81

Right Honourable Henry Legge Esquire - In Money ----- t -ID®, towards the Debt for sick and wounded Seamen - 100,928 m m 19 2* 34>722 5.836 *4 6{ 7 9 16,956 9 9i m } 158,444 11 3t

*2a>399 6 5* 54,496 18 2* *9.467 8 7i *96,363 13 31

There remained, on the 31st December last, to come in of the Supplies of the Yeat 1749 18,102 10 3

VO

Memorandum: £. 3,000,000 4 per Cent. Annuities was granted, last Session of Parliament, towards paying the Navy, Victualing, and Transport Bills, due 3 ift December 1748 j but no more than-

£.2,842,180. 14.9. was subscribed so that there still remains on that Account £.157,819. 5. 3.

VO

Manchester

Road.

Committee?.

Fulham

Road.

York Roads.

290 Januarii.

9<*5

23 Geo. II.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manin the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashlon under Line, and Parish of Mot tram Longdendale, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Sir Hugh Smithson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Trustees, whole Names are thereunto fubl'cribed, appointed to put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammerjm in the said County, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the said Petition,

An Act of Parliament, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was produced; whereby it appeared, that several Tolls and Duties were granted for the Term of Twenty-one Years, commencing the Twentieth Day of May. 1731, for repairing the said Road.

Mr. John Nichols produced an Account, whereby it appeared, that the Sum of J. 553 for. 3 Principal Money; and alfoj£. 27 ior. o Interest now remained due upon Credit of the said Toll.

Mr. Alexander Wells, Surveyor, was examined: Who said. That the Road is in a very ruinous Condition; and that the Income of the present Toll is not sufficient to keep the said Road in good Repair, or to pay off the Money now remaining due.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammerjmith, in the said County: And that Sir Hugh Smithson and Sir William Beauchamp Prollor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. George Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Landholders, and others the principal Inhabitants, of the North-Riding of the County of Yorkr; and also the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, usually travelling the Road from the City of Fork to Northallerton, through Boroughbridge, in the County of York; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the lame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the Committee examined,

Mr. John Batchelor, an Inhabitant of Who said. That he has viewed the Road mentioned in the Petition; and that the lame, or the greatest Part thereof, is in so bad a Condition, that it is impracticable to repair it by the ordinary Course of Law, nor is it possible for Carriages to pass: That the said Road is the nearest between York to Northallerton, being Five Miles nearer than the Road by Boroughbridge, and about Two Miles Vot. 25.

nearer than the Road by Helperby: That many Persons travel the said Road, the Witness having met several Wheel Carriages in Summer, but they cannot pass in Winter; but he cannot lay what the Tolls would amount to, in case a Turnpike was erected upon it: That Materials proper for repairing Highways are to be found near to great Part of the said Road, especially between Eajingwould and Northallerton; but cannot say whether It is the fame

from Northallerton to Boroughbridge: That there is a Turnpike Road from Northallerton to Boroughbridge.

And being asked the Question, whether, if there were Three Turnpike Roads from Northallerton to York, viz. the present one by Boroughbridge, the other by Helperby, and the last through Eajingwould and Yhirjk (which last is

the Road mentioned in the Petition) which of the Three would be of moil Advantage, or repaired at the least Expence ? he laid. He could not tell: And the Question as to Utility, being repeated to him, he laid. He thought the Road through Yhirjk would be the raoft useful; and, if both Roads were good, it would be the most frequented: That there is little or no Manufacture carried on at Northalierton, YhirJk, or Boroughbridg; but there is Watu-

carriage from Boroughbridge to York: That the chief Trade from Yhirjk to York consists of Butter brought from the former to the latter Place; but that such Butter might be sent to Boroughbridge, whence he apprehends it might be carried cheaper to York by Water-carriage; but he believes that the Navigation has been sometimes interrupted by the River being froze:

That if this Road was mended, it would induce Travellers coming from Newcastle to York to pass on it, arid would be of Use to Trade: That many Travellers pass through this Road in Summer, particularly that Part between Northallerton and Malton; and, if it was made good, would ipduce Gentlemen to go that Way to Scarborough, instead of going over Black Hamiltonbut he could not pretend to say what the Tolls might amount to:

That the Persons at Eajingwould and Yhirjk are but indifferently supplied with Coals; but, if this Road was made good. Carriages would go in Winter for Coals: That he does not know of any Person that has gone from Northallerton to the Coal-pits in Winter; but the People lay by Magazines of Coals, which they bring over the bad Road in Summer, in order to fetch them over the good Road in Winter:

That he does not know how far it is from Eajingwould to the nearest Part of the Navigation of the River Ouze, but it is Six computed Miles from Eajingwould to Boroughbridge: That they use Coals at Eastngwould which are brought up the River Ouze, but more of the Ryley Fell, though those are double the Price of the other; but he believes no People beyond Eajingwould fetch any Western Coals'.

Richard Lane after confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Batchellor, in regard to the Roads through Eajingwould and Yhirjk being the nearest Way from Northallerton to York, it being Five Miles nearer than the Boroughbridge Road, and Two Miles nearer than the Road through Helperby-, and as to the Road mentioned in the Petition being very ruinous:

But, being asked the Question, he said, That the Road from York to Boroughbridge might be repaired at less Expence than that through Yhirjk and; but

that he does not know whether the Boroughbridge Road has a Communication with the Two great Northern Roads which lead, one to Darlington, and,

and the other to Richmond and Catherick.

That the only Trade carried on betwixt would, and York, consists of Butter and Bacon, which they carry from Yhirsk to Eastngwould, and from thence to York-, and that if this Road was repaired, it would be of great Advantage to People dealing in those Commodities.

Being asked whether it would not be cheaper to carry the Butter from Thirsk to Boroughbridge, from whence it might be sent by Water-carriage to York, than to carry it along the Road, in case the same was mended ? or whether

11 N Butter

Gock

9° Jmuarii. A. 1749.

York Roads. Butter had ever been carried from Thirsk to York any other way than by Borou ? he said, They never carry it by Boroughbridge in Summer, as he has been informed; for the Carriage by Land is, in the Opinion of the Witness, as cheap as by Water, and much more expeditious; as there are Obstructions in the Water-carriage, the Butter being frequently flopped at Borough-bridge for a Week, till 'tts quite spoilt:

That there are likewise several Markets and Fairs held upon this Road, there being Three Markets Weekly at York, One at Thirsk, One at Northallerton, and One at Eafingwould; and that there are Sixteen Fairs annually held at the aforesaid Towns, viz. Five at the same Number at Thirsk, Four at , and Two at

Eafingwould:

That many People go to Market through the other Road; but, if this Road were mended, it would take off many Travellers from the other Road, the Road mentioned in the Petition being nearer.

And the Witness said, He was of Opinion, that, if the Road were mended, the Judges, and Persons on the Circuit, would make use of it.

Being asked the Question, he said. He believes the Persons who have the greatest Property on the said Road desire it should be repaired; and that he believes it to be the Desire of the Majority of the Gentlemen of Yorkskhrc, and even of those that live on the Boroughbridge Road:

That this Petition was not signed by the Justices of the Quarter-Sessions, nor the Grand Jury; but there was Notice given, in the Newspapers, of a Meeting to be held, to consult of Measures for repairing the Road; in consequence whereof, Fifteen Gentlemen, who were possessed of great Property adjoining to the said Road, mer, and resolved on this Petition.

And being asked if this Petition was signecUat that Meeting, or whether any Three Subscribers signed it in the Presence of one another ? he said, He believed the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of York signed it in that manner; and that the Gentlemen, in his Opinion, would have had no Objection to signing it altogether.

That, among the Fifteen Gentlemen present at the aforesaid Meeting, there were all the afling Justices of the Division, and they all agreed for a Petition; but it was not drawn up then; and that Notice was given of the Meeting in the Newspapers, and the Intention of the Meeting was publickly known.

As to the Performance of the Statute-work, the Witness said, That he has been Surveyor of the Highways for the Parish of Eafingwould: That several of the Parishioners

performed their Six Days Labour; but the Witness cannot take upon him to say, that Half the Parishioners did it:

That the Parish of Woodford have performed their . Statute-labour, and paid Nine Pence in the Pound in the

present Year.

And being asked, whether any Persons in the Parish of Woodford, not keeping a Team, have performed the Duty the Law requires of them as Labourers? he said, He believed they had; but that the Statute-work is insufficient to repair the said Road.

And being asked, if he had ever known Six Pence in the Pound levied? he produced an Assessment, to prove, that it had been raised and laid out: That he had known the said Sum raised heretofore in Woodford, but could not take upon him to say it had ever been raised in -would', but, in case it had, it would be insufficient to repair the Roads in that Parish, as the Witness believes, though it should be raised and laid out for Seven Years together; and he cannot say whether even a Crown in the Pound would do it: That Six Pence in the Pound in the Parish of Eafinrivouldwould amount to 36 Pounds, and they have Ten Miles in the Whole to repair; and that Six Pence in the Pound would be insufficient for the Repair of this Road alone: That, when he was Surveyor, £. 20 had been laid out in Eafingwould Parish:

That he cannot speak to the Statute-work in any other Parishes save Eafingwould and Woodford; only he knows *4

that Rafial, Thirsk, and some other Towns on the same Road, have been indicted; and that when he mentions Six Pence in the Pound, he means, that the Statute-work has been performed besides:

That there are other Roads to repair in the several Parishes, besides the Road mentioned in the Petition; but he does not know what Proportion they bear to the High Road, but believes it to be about One-third to the Whole:

That if the Statute-wofk had been done for Four or Five Yean, the Roads would have been in a better Condition than at present, but would not have been sufficiently repaired.

Being asked what the Expence of repairing the said Road would amount to He said, That in his Opinion it mi^ht be repaired, on a Medium, at 150 a Mile; That he undemands the Nature of this Work, not by Experience, but from Information of Persons who have been employed in the like Works: That he had made a Calculation of the Expence of throwing up the Road, and leading Gravel, and would be wilting to undertake it at £. 150 a Mile: That he would proceed to amend the said Road by throwing up with a Plough where the Road would admit, otherwise with a Spade, and would then cover it with Gravel: That he proposed to make the Road at least Five Yards broad at the Top, and Eleven or Twelve between Ditch and Ditch: That the Gravel would cofl about Twelve Pence a Load, including Carriage; but he cannot say what Quantity of Gravel would be necessary to cover a Mile.

Being asked if he had no Hopes of being employed in making this Road ? he said. He had not; but that he had considered the Expence, and calculated it: That he shewed this Calculation to some Gentlemen concerned; but had it not with him at the Time of his Examination.

Being asked what was his Reason for fixing the Expence at £. 1 50 a Mile ? and what Method he pursued in making his Calculation ? he said. He could not tell or describe what Method he took.

Being further examined as to the same Particular, he said. He was by Profession a Gardener, and, as such, had been used to guess at Levels by Sight; and that his Reason for fixing this Calculation at 150 a Mile, was, that though some Parts of the Road require more Gravel than others, he thought between Thirty and Forty Loads of Gravel would, upon a Medium, repair Two-and-twenty Yards of this Road, which is a Chain, and that Eighty Chains are a Mile: That in some Places, where the Materials He contiguous to the Road, it might be repaired for less; but that he forms his Calculation at what the Road would cost repairing, at a Medium, from one End to the other; and that he made his Calculation upon View.

Being asked what Tolls would be necessary to be laid for repairing the said Road ? he said. That he apprehended Four Pence Half-peny a Horse would raise£.35a annually upon Horses only: That some Persons have calculated it at that Rate, a Man having been set to observe what Passengers passed and repassed at the Places where the Toll-bars were proposed to be set up; but he does not speak this of his own Knowledge.

He then offered to produce to your Committee a Calculation of the said Tolls; and, being required to inform your Committee whence he had such Paper, he said, He had it from Mr. Jackson i And,

Mr. Jackson, being examined, informed your Committee, That he received the Original from the Witness himself, and had only made a Copy of it for the Witness; which Copy was the Paper he had offered to your Committee: Whereupon,

Mr. Lancaster, being further examined from whence he had the original Calculation; he said, He had it from Mr. Goulton, who delivered it to him, by Order of the Gentlemen, at the Meeting aforesaid: That Mr. Goulton was an Attorney employed by the Gentlemen to draw up-such Things: That he was at the Meeting, and acted as

Clerk

23 Geo. II.

290 Jamt

967

Clerk to the Gentlemen there: That the Witnfefs hail a Copy of this Paper given him at the Meeting, which agretJs with that which he offered to the Committee:

That this Calculation was made last Year, and renewed this Year, by the Gentlemen, as the Witness knows, he himself being present when such Order was given: That be had considered the Calculation, and believes it true.

To prove the Allegations of the Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, usually travelling the Road from the City of York to Northallerton, through

Boroughbridge, in the County of York, the Committee examined,

Mr. Robert Falkmgbam: Who laid. He knows the Road mentioned in the Petition, which is very ruinous, especially Seven Miles of it; but there have been Attempts to repair it at a very great Expence, and they have all proved meflfe&ua!.

That the Townships have raised what Money they could, in order to repair the said Road; and have been several times fined, to compel them to keep the same in Sufficient Repair, which they have found impracticable.

Mr. Richard Dickinson, said, That he was acquainted with the Road, which is all very bad in Winter-time; but

that Part of it which leads from HammertonMoor to HeJJiy

Fields is absolutely impassable.

43d January 1749.

IN Obedience to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Application of the Rents and Profits of the Estates forfeited by the Attainders of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe, requiring the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen

at Greenwich to contract and agree with able and sufficient Tradesmen, Artificers, or other Persons, for finishing ai»d completing the said Royal Hospital in a workmanlike and substantial Manner, on the easiest and most reasonable Terms, according to the Plan laid before the House of Commons; and to lay their Proceedings therein before his Majesty, and both Houses of Parliament, respectively;

The Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, do humbly report as followeth: £. s. d.

There has been received by the Treasurer, between ift December 1748, and the 30th November

1749, out of the Rents and Profits of the Estate - 9,853 18 8

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone, in the North-Riding of the County of York to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Eajingwould and Yhirjkand also the Road leading from the City of York to Borough-bridge, in the said Riding: And that Mr. George Foie,

Captain Frankland, Mr. Thornton, and Mr. , do

'prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being informed. That Mr. Horne, from the Greenwich Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, attended at the Hospital. Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, the Report of the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital, of what Money has been received from t he Derwentwater Estate, between the 1st December 1748, and 30th November 1749, and of their Proceedings in carrying on the Building.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Report was read.

The said Report is as followeth; viz.

As to their Proceeedings in carrying on the Building:

In King Charless Court: Fitting up an Apartment for a Lieutenant, and fitting up and finishing a Room, with Cabins, and other Con-vemencies, in the One Pair of Stairs.

In King William' % Court:

Fitting up Two Apartments, One for a Lieutenant, and the other for the Butler.

In Queen Mary's, Court:

Making Pews and Benches in the Chapel, and finishing the Altar, and Paving j fitting up an Infirmary, with Furniture, and other Necessaries; also an Apartment for the Dispenser, a Dispensary, and other Conveniencies, for the Use of the Infirmary; plastering in the Colonade, and putting up a a Stone Stair-case at the South-weft Corner of the Building.

Out-works:

Building Walls to inclose the Store-yard and Drying-grounds to the Wash-house, at the South-east Comer of Queen Mary's Court j building a Wall, and Iron Railing to inclose the Hospital to the South, building Walls to inclose the Burying-ground, enlarging the Store-Cellar for small Beer, and making more Room for Coolers at the Brewhouse.

£ s- i-

All which Works have been brought to Account, andnmount to the Sum of - 71840 10 2

The ordinary Works, viz. keeping the Building in Repair, and other necessary Works For the Service of the Hospital, done this Year, amount to the Sum of ----- 1,096 4 6

And in pursuance of an Act, passed last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for vesting the several Estates of James late Earl of Derwentwater and Charles Radcliffe, deceased, comprised in several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of Inheritance, for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich; and for railing certain Sums of Money out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe.

There has been paid with the Hospital's Money, by the Treasurer of the said Hospital, to the most Noble Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, and the Right Honourable Henry Fox Esquire, Trustees appointed by the said Act for levying and railing, on the said Estates, the Sum of £.30,000, with Interest for the same at the Rate of £4 par Cent, per Annum, from the 49th September 1748, the Sum of £.31,397. 5 od. the same being in full for the Principal Sum of the aforesaid £.30,000, and all Interest due thereon, from the said 29th September 1748, to the.28th November 1749, at which time the said Trust was assigned over by the said Charles Duke of Richmond, and Henry Fox Esquire, to the Commissioners in Trust for the Hospital.

J- d-

Note, There has been paid by the Receivers, out of the Money arising from the Rents and Profits of the Estate, on account of Repairs, between ift December 1748, and 30th *749 - - - - 9011*

By Order of the Commissioners.

Rd. Horne.

Vol. 25* OrdertiK

19° Januarii. 1749.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Whitby A Petition of the Coal-owners, Fitters, and Owners of

Harbour. Ships, redding in and near the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That whereas a Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby-, in the County of York, is now depending in this House, for the laying on an additional Duty of One Half-peny a Chaldron on all Coals vended from Sun-

derland, and Blyth, the Petitioners conceive, that the granting an additional Duty on all Coals exported from the said Port and Haven will be highly prejudicial to the Trade thereof, and a very great Hardship to the Petitioners; in Confederation that an Act of Parliament was made in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George, intituled, An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, wherein it was Enacted, That, from and after the 24th Day of June 1717, and for the Space of Twenty-one Years then next following, a Sum, not exceeding Four Pence perChalder, should be paid by the respective Coal-owners and Fitters, for all Coals and Cinders brought down the said River, from below a Place called The New Bridge, and put on board any Ship or Vessel, the Duties arising by such Coals and Cinders to be applied to the Improvement of the said River, Port, Haven, and Harbour; which said Act of Parliament was accordingly complied with, and the Duties arising by virtue thereof expended in erecting a Pier on the South Side of the said Port, and other Works, agreeable to the Purport of the said Act, amounting toupwards of Twenty-seven thousand Pounds; which very great Sum the Petitioners have paid, not having the least Aid from any other Port, Place, or Person, whatsoever: And that whereas after the Expiration of the above in Part recited Act, the Works done were found insufficient to make the said Harbour safe and commodious, another Act was granted in the 20th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River IV ear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland aforesaid, wherein it is Enacted, That from and after the 24th Day of June 1747, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, a Sum, not exceeding Two Pence per Chalder on al l Coals and Cinders brought and carried down the said River, and put on board any Ship or Vessel, shall be paid by the respective Coal-owners and Fitters, for the building a North Pier, and other Works, in order to make it a safe and commodious Harbour for Ships of a considerable Burthen to fail into and out of at all Tides; which Duty, according to a reasonable and moderate Computation, will amount to Twenty thousand Pounds, and upwards, during the Term granted by the said Act j and that the Petitioners have hitherto borne, and are now willing to bear, these heavy Expences, for the Improvement of their Port and Haven, without requiring any other Aid j and that they have Reason to believe other Ports have been exempt upon the same Considerations: And therefore graying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and grant the said Port an Exemption from the said Duty of a Half-peny per Chalder, or such other Relief as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, Tha.t the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, is committed.

Bedford, ice. A Bill for repairing the Road leading from Wejhuood Road. Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Market Har borough, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The' House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TeH.rs for.KcNo}-6. '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Bill was committed to Mr. Gore, Mr. Secretary at War, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Legge, Mr. Compton, Mr. Fane, Sir Edmund IJbam, Sir Hugh Smithson,

Colonel Littelton, Mr Matt.Robinson, Sir John Cust, Lord

Strange, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Nugent, Lord Dupplin, Mr.

Frederick, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Mr.

Barber, Mr. Charles Gore, Mr. C Mr. Lambe, Mr. Dummer, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Tonfon, Mr. Monckton,

Mr. Hope Weir, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Locke, Sir Wm.

Beau. ProRor, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr.

cot, Admiral Townshend, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Mitchell, Mr.

Brand, Commodore Mitchell, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pye, Colonel Waldegrave, Mr. AJjleck, Mr. Anson, Mr. Wm. Lev.

Gower, Lord Bateman, Mr. Rich. Lev. Gower, Sir Rich.

Wrottesley, Mr. Bapt. Lev. Govjer, Colonel Holmes, Mr.

Aldworth, Mr. Richards, Sir Charles Mr.

Sandys, Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Sloper, Mr. Bayntun,

Mr. Gafliry, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. Amy and, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Revel, Mr. Corbett, Mr. Earle, Mr. Clevland, Colonel Fairfax, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Charles Sedley, Mr. Marton, Mr.

Luke Robinson, Mr. Wm. Chetwynd junior, Mr. Mr.

H. Vane junior, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Martin, Mr. Peachey j

and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bedford, Northampton, Bucks, Leicester, Nottingham, Derby, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The Order of the Day being read, for calling over the Call of the Names of such Members as made Default to appear, House. upon the Call of the House, the 15th Instant.

Ordered, That the Calling over of the Names of such Members, as did not then appear, be adjourned till this Day Sevcnnight.

1

The other Order of the Day being read j Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee of the Punishing whole House, to whom the Bill for punishing Mutiny Mutiny and and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, Desert, on-and their Quarters; was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the First Amendment in Fo. 5.

Line 4. were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dif-agreed to, artd the rest were agreed to, by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 5. Line 4. being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the farther Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers so, he } 8*

Teller, for the Noes, j } ,6'

So it pasted in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Several other Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 6. Line 13. being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 6. Line 13. whereby it was proposed to insert, after the Word " Martial," these 24 Words,

23 Geo. II. 29® — 31 a 969

Words, " and that no Sentence given by any Court " Martial, and signed by the President thereof, be liable " to be revised more than once," being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by leaving out the Words " more than " once

And the Question being put, That the Words " more than once" (land Part of the said Amendment j

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing in what Courts Actions shall be brought upon account of any thing done by Courts Martial:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 31;

Anno 23* Georgii II" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

Half Subsidy f)RDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before this

of Tonnage. House, an Account of the Deficiency, at

1749, of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for paying the Annuity, and Charges of Management, to the South Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capi-tal, of the Annuities granted by the Second Act, — 1708.

House, &c. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Duties. House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments charged thereupon by the several Acts of Parliament of the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Import Duty. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments charged thereupon by an Act of the 21st Year of hk Majesty's Reign.

Wine Duties. Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this House, an Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the additional Duties upon all Wines imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon by an Act of the 18th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Kingston A Petition of the Burgesses and principal Inhabitants of upon Hull the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whose Names are there-Streets, fcc. unto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, in the Votes of this House, that a Petition in the Name of the Mayor and Burgesses of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, has been presented to this House, to bring in a Bill for paving the Streets, appointing a publick Scavenger, keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch, enlightening the Streets, and preventing Fires happening in Ships in the Haven of the said Town: And alleging, That should such a Bill pass into a Law, it will create much Expence Voi. 25.

to the Inhabitartts, be Very burthensome to the middling People, will affect the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners, and the reftof the Inhabitants, and be very prejudicial to the said Town in general; and that the Petitioners are well assured, that the yearly Income or Patrimony of the said Town, by the Advance of Rents, Tolls, and other Dues, which the Magistrates receive, are double to what they were a few years ago, and likely lb to continue, and are more than sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid i and that the said Town being a Garrison Town, where a Guard isconstantly kept, Centinels placed in divers Parts of the Town, relieved and changed every Two Hours, all the Gates of the Town every Night 'but and locked, and Centinels always placed thereat, the Petitioners apprehend any other Nightly Watch will be expensive and useless:

And setting forth. That the Magistrates of the said Town did exposea Draught of a Bill, for the Purposes aforesaid, to publick View and Perusal; but afterwards, as the Petitioners have been credibly informed, made several Alterations therein; and that the Mayor, upon Application to h m since made, by some of the Inhabitants, for Perusal of the said intended Bill, with the Alterations, absolutely refused to grant the same: And therefore, in Consideration of the Premises, praying, That the said Bill may not pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Mailers and Kingston Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity-house, in Kingston upon Hull, was °Pon Hull, also presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That 8tree"» the Petitioners have observed, in the Votes of the House* that a Petition, in the Name of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, has been presented to this House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to remedy and fiupply the Grievances, Inconveniences, and De-fefts, in the said Town, for want of a Law for paving the Streets, appointing a publick Scavenger, keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch, enlightening the Streets, and preventing Fires happening in Ships in the Haven:

And alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that,

should the Bill pafsintoa Law, it will be very burthensome to the middling and lower Sort of Inhabitants, and create more Expence to them than they are able to bear; will affect the Hightsand Propertiesof the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants, and lessen the publick Revenuesor Income of the Petitioners, towards the Maintenance of their Poor, and in general will be very prejudicial to the Town; and that the Petitioners very well know, that the Patrimony or yearly Income of the said Town, by the Advance of Rents, Tolis, and other Dues, which are received by the Magistrates, are near double to what was paid for the same a few Years ago; and that the same are more than sufficient for the Purposes of the Bill, and are likely to continue improving; and that Hull being a Garrison Town, in which, about the Middle thereof, a Guard is constantly kept, and Centinels placed in divers Parts of the Town, relieving and changing every Two Hours,

Day and Night; and all the Gates of the Town are every Night shut in and locked, and always Centinels placed thereat; therefore the Petitioners apprehend, that any other Nightly Watch is quite useless and unnecessary, and will be very expensive; and that, by the Charter of King Charles the Second, the Petitioners are incorporated by the Name aforesaid, and, by that Charter, have granted unto them the naming, electing, and appointing, a Haven-master, for the Ordering of Ships there, according to such Rules, Orders, and Directions, as the Petitioners, or the most Part of them, shall appoint; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that, should the Bill pass into a Law, it will greatly affect their laid Corporation in this Particular, and would bean Infringement upon their Rights by virtue of their said Charter, and be very destructive to Ships in the Haven, not being *.ilowed Light to secure them in the Night-time, in Storms and Gales of Wind, which frequently happen, and by which Ships often break loose, and are in great Danger of being lunk or overset, and perhaps loft: And that the Magistrates of the Town did, in their Council-Chamber, exhibit a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid; and gave publick Notice, that the same might

11 6 be

97° 3 \* Januari . 1740.

be there viewed and perused by the Burgesses and Inhabitants; but that, as the Petitioners are credibly informed, the said Magistrates made several Alterations therein; and, upon Application since made to the Mayor, by some of the Inhabitants, on behalf of themselves, and the Petitioners, for Perusal of the said intended Bill, with its Alterations, the same was absolutely refused to be granted: And therefore praying, That, in Consideration of the Premises, the said Bill may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, or Coun-fel, against the said Bill; or otherwise be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, is referred: And that they do examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the-House.

Leave of Ordered, That Thomas Morgan Esquire have Leave to Absence. g0 into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

PownolPs Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom Ballad En- the Petition of Philemon , Israel Jacob

gwt. Pickering, and Elizabeth his Wife (which said Philemon Pownoll, Israel Pownoll, and Elizabeth , are

all the surviving Children of Israel Pownoll, deceased) late Ship-builder, of his Majesty's Yard at Plymouth, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it ip at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Letters Patent of the Eleventh Year of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for veiling the Property of an Engine, invented by Israel Pownoll, for removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, and thereby cleansing, depthening, and opening the fame, and for performing other Works of the like Nature, was read: And,

Colonel John Lewis produced to your Committee Two Certificates, the One extracted from the Register of Stoke Damerell, in the County of Devon-, and the other from that of Chatham, in the County of Kent, to shew the Time of the Death of the said Israel Pownoll, and the respective Times of the Birth of his Children: Then,

Mr. John Cockburn and Colonel Lewis informed your Committee, That the said Israel Pownoll never made any Engine in pursuance of the said Letters Patent, having hurt his Fortune lo much in the Invention, that he was unable to carry the same into Execution: And,

Colonel Lewis said. That he had been acquainted with the said Israel Pownoll ever since the Year 1715: That if he had carried his Project into Execution, the Witness must have known it; but that he has frequently heard, and verily believes, that the said Mr. Pownoll greatly impaired his Fortune by the Invention, and that he had not Money sufficient to carry it into Execution:

That the Witness had been conversant in Engines of this Nature, and, in his Opinion, this fer excels any which has been hitherto used, but that it cannot be made for less than £.1,000; and, if other Persons were suffered to , make the like Engines, it would be impossible for the

Heirs of the original Inventor to reimburse themselves \ that Expence: And,

Mr. Cockburn confirmed the Evidence of Colonel Lewis, as to the Utility of the Engine.

And, to prove the Necessity Of an Act of Parliament ' for veiling the Property of the said Engine in the Heirs

of the Inventor, the Act of the lift of the First,

Chapter 3d, was read, which limits all Grants by Letters Patent to the Term of 14 Years, and to the foie Ule of the Inventor.

Ordered, That Leavo be given to bring in a Bill for 24

securing the sole Property, Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by Israel Pownoll, deceased, for railing Ballad, Sullage, and Sand, and for removing Banks,

Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years: And that Mr. Wilkinforf, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, Sir Peter Warren, and Sir Chaloner Ogle, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Complaint being made to the House, That, in Breach Privilege, of the Privilege of this House, John Welsh, an Officer in the Marshal's Court, in Company with William Snead,

Morris, and another Person whole Name is unknown, did, upon Wednesday the 17th Day of this indant January, enter the House of Thomas Mathews Esquire, a Member of this House, and arred William Pinchbeck, a menial Servant of the said Mr. Mathews, in an Action in which William Pratt was Plaintiff, and John Lewis, of Clifford's Inn, was Attorney for the Plaintiff;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Duty on Silk before this House, an Account of the several Rates or imported. Duties per Pound Weight now paid upon the Importation of China, Italian, and Turkey, raw Silk; distinguishing each Duty, with the several Drawbacks allowed upon Re-exportation of the fame.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to £>r. Bentham the Reverend Doctor Bentham, for the Sermon by him thanked, preached Yederday, before this House, at St. Margaret's,

Westminster; and that he be desired to print the fame:

And that Mr. Godp/phin and Mr. Hoblyn do acquaint him therewith-

Mr. Hardings reported from the Committee, to whom Hampton the Petition of James Clarke, of East in the Bridge.

County of Surrey, Esquire, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame,'as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations contained in the fakl Petition,

Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 12th Day of March, in the 49th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, were produced; whereby, for the Considerations and upon the Conditions therein mentioned, the said King granted to James Clarke Gentleman, afterwards Sir James Clarke, and his Heirs, amongst: other Things, the Manor of East Moulsey, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Surrey, for the Term of 78 Years, after the Expiration of the Term of Twenty Years, before granted to the said James Clarke, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 28th Day of January, in the 20th Year of the said King; and also all those Passages of Water upon the River Thames, called Hampton-Court-Fcrry, between Eafi Moulsey and Hampton-Court, and Hampton-Ferry, between West

Moulsey and Hampton, with the Boats, and all Tolls,

Customs, and Profits whatsoever, thereto belonging, being Part of the Manor of East Moulfeyt, and of the Possessions of the Honor of Hampton-Court aforesaid, for the Term of 77 Years, after the Expiration of a Term of 21 Years before granted to the said James Clarke by Letters Patent under the Great Seal, bearing Date the said 28th Day of January, in the said 20th Year of the said King.

Thomas Martin, being examined, said. That he knew the said Sir James Clarke, called in the said Letters Patent James Clarke Gentleman, and also his Son Sir James Clarke, the Petitioner's Father, who both enjoyed the Rents and Profits of the said Manor, Passages, and Ferries; and that Mr. Clarke, the Petitioner, upon the Death

'i 3 Geo. II. 31°

of his said Father, which happened about 20 Years agoj became intided to the Premises, and is now in Possession of the fame.

Then, in order to prove the Petitioners Title to the Premises, a Settlement, made upon the Marriage of the Petitioner, was produced; whereby, after Recital of the said Letters Patent, the said Manor of , and

all the other Premises mentioned in the said Letters Patent, were, amongst other Things, veiled in Trustees, foi the Use of the said Sir James , the Petitioner's Father, during his Life, if the said several Terms of 78 and 77 Years should so long continue; and, after his Decease,

for the Payment of the Jointure of Dame Mary his Wife, during her Life, in case Ihe should survive him, and the said Terms should so long continue; and, after the Decease of the Petitioner's laid Father and Mother, then to the Use of the Petitioner, and his Assigns, during the Remainder of the said respective Terms.

Then, in order to prove the Utility of building a Bridge crols the Thames, from Hampton-Court, to East Moulsey, as proposed by the Petitioner,

The laid Thomas Martin was again examined: Who said, That a Bridge would be much piore convenient than the Ferries are, inasmuch as the latter are very indifferently taken care of, and Passengers are obliged to wait a considerable time before they can be carried over: That the Place where the Petitioner proposes to erect a Bridge, is as proper for that Purpose as any Part of the Thames, the Stream being the re very gentle, and the River strait, and the Bed and Banks being a strong and firm Gravel; and that it can be no Detriment or Obstruction to the Navigation, as all Barges, and other Vessels, going up the River, are obliged to take fresh Horses at East Moulsey, where One Foot of the intended Bridge is proposed to Hand.

With regard to the Loss which the Petitioner will sustain by this Undertaking,

Thomas Taylor, Lessee of the Petitioner, said. That he pays the Petitioner an annual Rent of f. 40 for the Profits arising by the said Ferries.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from

ton Court, in the County of Middlesex, to Moulsey, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Lieu-

tenant-General Onslow, and the Lord Baltimore, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Duke of An ingossed Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Leases forfeited'1^}* anc^ Estates, therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of tates. Spalding and Holbechs and of several Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln, which were forfeited by James late Duke of Monmouth, put in Exigent upon an Indictment of High Treason, to the Intent that the Loss of the Record of such Indictment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Leases and Estates, therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holhech, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincoln, which were forfeited by James late Duke of Monmouth, put in Exigent upon an Indictment of High Treason, to the Intent that the Loss of the Record of such Indictment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Earle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Brampton Sir Edmund Isham reported from the Committee, to Bridge Roads, whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed - to put in Execution Two Acts of Parliament, the One passed in the Eighth Year of his late Majesty King George the First, and the other in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for amending the Highways lead-V01. 25.

ing from Brampton Bridge to tVelford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Post. Road front Mortar-pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harhorough, in the county of ; and of several

other Persons living in the Counties of Northampton, Leicester, and Nottingham, frequently passing through tire laid Roads, and also through the Roads leading from Mortar-pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge, to the Town of Northampton', whose Names are thereunto subscribed was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Tabic: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee, Two Acts of Parliament mentioned in the Petition, the First passed in the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, for amending the Highways mentioned in the said Act; and the Second Act, passed in the 12th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the said Act of the 8th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty: And several Parts of the said Two Acts were read.

And then Mr. Joseph Churchill, Clerk to the Trustees for repairing the Roads, and Agent for the Petitioners, laid before the Committee, an Account, for several Years laftpaft, of the Monies arising by the Tolls granted and continued by the Two former Acts, and the Expence and Disbursements, during the same time, attending the Repairs of the said Roads; whereby it appeared, that, upon an Average, for that time passed, the Tolls produced £.368 2.t. 6 d.yearly; and that the Expences within the same time, upon an Average, including the Interest on Mortgage for the 'Foils, amounted to 351 1 5 d.

yearly: Then the Mortgagee laid before the Committee his Mortgage Deed; whereby it appeared, that there was a Debt of £.3,000 due on the Tolls granted by the said Acts; as aif© due to Workmen, about 300.

And the said Mr. Churchill, being further examined, said. That the Debt now due on the Toll cannot be paid off, and the Roads sufficiently repaired (several Parts thereof being now in a ruinous Condition) unless the former Acts be further continued, and made more effectual.

Mr. Slofivick Carr being examined as to the Condition of the Roads leading from Mortar-pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton, adjoining to the Roads directed to be repaired by the former Acts; he said, Those Roads are so very bad in the Winter Season, that the same cannot, by the Laws in being, be repaired and kept amended for the Accommodation of Travellers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Post Road fr<3tn Mortar-pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harhorough, in the county of ; and for explain-

ing and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Mortar-pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton: And that Sir Edmund IjhamfSlv. Compton, and Mr. George Montague, do prepare, arrrd bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the several Petitions relating to the Bill for repairing the Road leading from Westwood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, oyer Ditchford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of N, to the Town of Market Harhorough, in the County of Leicester (which have been prefertted to the House in this Semoti of Parliament, and ordered to lie upon the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill) be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bril is committed.

Ordered,

Westwood Gate, fee. Roads.

v

97a

31° Januarii. A. 1749.

Whitby Ordered, That Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Polhill, Mr. Harbour. Prelawney, Mr. Hay, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

White, Mr. Earle, Mr. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Repairing and Preserving of the {Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, is committed.

Westwood A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Manu-Gate, Sec. facturers, of the Town, and County of the Town, of Roadi. Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road leading from Market Harborough to Northampton, towards London, is, and hath been for many Years past, so bad and ruinous, that the same is, especially in the Winter-time, almost impafiable, which has been the Occasion of the Road Business through the said Town to London taking another Channel; and that the same is for the greatest Part loft: And alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing the Road leading from Gate, in the

Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditch-ford Bridge, through Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, shall take effect, it may open a near, cheap, and good Road, from London to the said Town, and to other Places in the North of England; and will be of great Benefit and Advantage, in many respects, to all Persons using the said Road: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law,

D'tto. A Petition of Ibme of the principal Inhabitants and Manufacturers of the Town of Derby, in the County of Derby, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Road now leading from Market Harborough to London, through Northampton, has, for many Years past, been exceeding bad and ruinous; and in Winter-time has been, and now is, almost impalfable: And alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, tfiat if the said Bill should take eft'ect, it may be the Means of opening a shorter and better Road to London; and will be of greater Service and Advantage to the said Town of Derby, and all other Places in the North using the said Road: And therefore praying the said Bill may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Walpole'* A Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of Grant from the Manor of Garftang, in the County of Lancaster, and the Crown. Messuage, or Tenement, in Newbigginge, in

in the County of Westmoreland, to Trustees, in Trust, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. -dinge, Mr. Earle, Mr. Bacon, Mr. West, Mr. Villiers, Mr. Godo/phin, General Onslow, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pturner, Mr. Gore, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Powney, Mr. Charles Pownf-hend, Mr. Salusbury, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Hor. Walpole, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Charlton, Mr. Torke, Mr. Hill, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Phillipson, Mr. White, Colonel Griffin, Mr. Drummer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Owen, Mr. Alfton, Mr. Benson, Mr. Compton, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Legge, Mr Puffnell, Mr, Attorney-General, Mr. Mellish,

Mr. Phornhagh, Mr. Jenyns, Sir John Barrington, Sir John Peachey, Mr. Sydenham-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the

fl

Speaker's Clumber.

Westminster Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to Small Debt*, whom the Petition of several Persons, whose , Names are thereunto subscribed, being Traders inhabiting within the City of Westminster, and the Liberties thereof, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as adjoineth to the Liberty of Westminster ;and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of

the several Parishes of St. Margaret and gelift, St. George Hanover-Square, St. James, St. Martin in the Fields, St. Paul Covent-Garden, St. Anne, St. Clement Danes, St. Mary le Strand, within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster

which lies within the said Parish of St. Clement Danes, and adjoins to the said City and Liberties, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City and Liberties, and Duchy; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Henry Scott, Mr. Wm. Lucas, and Mr. Howell Powell, were examined: And said. That the Traders within the said City and Liberties are obliged to give Credit for small Sums of Money to poor People, who frequently refuse to pay such Debts; and that the Creditors are often discouraged from attempting the Recovery thereof, by reason of the great Expence attending the lame.

And Mr. Powell also said. That the Court which has been established in the City of for Recovery of

small Debts in a summary Way, has been of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of that City.

Mr. Christopher Pinchbeck laid, That he had tried Causes in the Court of Conscience in London, and that the Process therein is extremely easy; and the Expence upon each Suit sometimes Six Pence, and never more than Eighteen Pence.

And in Support of the Allegations of the last mentioned Petition,

John Scott Esquire, Mr. Tho Paulin, and Mr. Dobson, were examined: And said. That the trading Inhabitants of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Duchy of Lancaster, are under the Necessity of giving very extensive Credit for small Sums of Money; and that the Recovery thereof is frequently attended with great Inconvenience, Difficulty, and Expence; and that they apprehend a summary Way of determining such Debts would encourage Industry, and support useful Credit.

Then the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition, intituled, " A Petition of several Persons, whole * Names are hereunto subscribed, being Traders inhabiting within the City of Westminster, and the Liberties " thereof, and such Part of the Duchy of Lancaster as " adjoineth to the Liberty of ," have fully

proved the Allegations of their Petition; except only the Allegation, therein contained, which relates to the Recovery of small Debts in the Kingdom of Ireland.

Resolved, That it is the Opjnion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, whose Names are subscribed to the Petition, intituled, " A Petition of the Inhabitants of the " several Parishes of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist, St. George Hanover Square, St. James, St. Martin " in the Fields, St. Paul Covent Garden, St. Anne, St. Cle-

" ment Danes, St. Mary le Strand, within the City and " Liberties of Westminster, and of that Part of the Duchy " of Lancaster which lies within the said Parish of " ment Danes, and adjoins to the said City and Liberties, " whose Names are hereunto subscribed, in behalf, of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said " City and Liberties, and Duchy," have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved for Leave to bring in a Bill or Bills for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within,

' or

23 Geo. II; 310 Januarii. — 1° — 2° Februarii.

or adjoins to, the Parishes of Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of and that Part of the

Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand: And that Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Prowse, the Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hard'nge, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Nor they, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Fulham Sir Hugh Smithson presented to the House, according

Road. to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County: And the same was

received , and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read;

Yarmouth Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Haven, tee.wj, om the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extend-

ing, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for prel'erving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was committed} be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

And then the Houre adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

♦ 1 — — -..... ..... — — —

Jovis, i° die Februarii;

Anno 23® Georgii II4' Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

West wood A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Landholders, and

Gate, See. jt\ other Inhabitants, of Luton, in the County of Roads, ford, was presented to the House, and read} alleging. That if the Bill, depending in the House, for repairing the Road leading from W Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over through Kettering and Roth well, in the County of Northampton, to Market Harboro, in the County of Leicester, take effect, it will be of great Advantage to the County of Bedford in general, as well as to Luton in particular, and will be the Means of opening a good high Road from London, through Luton and Bedford, to Leicester, Derby, Nottingham, Manchester, and other Parts of the North of England: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Westminster Ordered, That Sir Richard Lloyd, Admiral Small Debts. Mr. Hawkins Browne, and Mr. be added to

the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of and

that Part of the Duchy of which lies within,

or adjoins to, the Pan flies of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand.

Mandrot'* An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing John Peter Mandrot

Icy. Nat. and Lewis Chabanel, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing John Peter Mandrot and Lewis Chabanel.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Vcl. 25.

That an humble Address be preftotfed to his Mtyfffty.

That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, ordnance that there be laid before this House, a Copy' of the Commission; Commission for executing the Office of Matter-General of the Ordnance, granted to John late Duke of Montague', together with a Copy of the Instructions given to the said Duke, in regard to the Exercise thereof;

The House divided:

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yw, £ } 6J-

Tellers for the N«s."* }

- So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy be added to the Gentlemen Brampton who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Bddge Road*. enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to lYelford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Poll Road from Mortar-pit t Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester , and for explaining and making' more effectual the said Acts} and also for repairing the Roads leading from Mortar-pitt Hitt and Brampton Bridge, to the Town of Northampton.

The Order of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Trade with resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tp Sweden, consider of the State of the Trade betwixt Great Britain and Sweden.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 2° die Feb

Anno a3® Georgii IP1 RSgis, 1749.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Alexander Hume be added to St Gf0,e the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and Southwark hring in, a Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon Refioriai the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Mau»tenanc#, Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes.

Mr. Reynolds presented to the House, according to i.oyne Order, a Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Navigation. Loyne and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Laniafler, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees, whole Road*.

, Names are thereunto subscribed, appointed to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County of Lancaster, leading through the Towns of Standish, Coppul, Chorley, Charnock, Ley land, Clayton, Cuerden, Walton in le , and,

and also through Chorley, Walton in le Dale, and Fishwick, was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it io at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

The Agent for the Petitioners laid before the Committee, Two Acts made, in the 13th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and of the 4th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the before-mentioned Roads: And some Parts thereof were read.

11P That,

974 Februarii. A. 174c

That; of the said' Acts,; several Tolls and Powers were granted and continued, for the Term of 21 Years, front the' 1 ft Day of June 1731: And,

Mr. Jonathan Cowburni, Clerk to the said Trustees, was examined: Who laid. That a Debt of £. 600 remains due upon the Credit of the said Tolls, which Sum was duly applied in amending the Roads directed to be repaired by the aforesaid Acts.

Mr. Richard Walton, Surveyor of the said Roads, said.

That some Parts of the Roads, in the Whole near Sixteen Miles, have not been amended: And he also said, That he, and such other Persons as were employed under the Trustees for repairing the said Roads, found it very difficult to get Materials in several Places} for that Purpose.

And he added, That the Roads canhot be amended, and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the former Acts be enlarged, and the same Acts made more effectual.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two former Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from to , in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, and for making the said Acts more effectual: And that the Lord Strange and Mr. Reynolds do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Commissioners and Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the at in the County of Essex, to , and of several

Merchants, considerable Traders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it appears to the Petitioners, by the Votes of this HouserThat a Petition hath been presented, reciting several Acts of Parliament for cleansing and making navigable the said Chanel; and for paving of the Streets in the said Town of \

and praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for supplying some supposed Defects in the said former Acts; and for other Purposes in the same Petition mentioned: And further setting forth. That by the said Act, passed in the 13th Year of his Majesty's Reign, and only in Part recited in the before-mentioned Petition, it is further Loaded, That the major Part of the Commissioners, to be present at their Meetings, should, after Payment of the Charge of passing that Ad, place and lay out in the Purchase of Lands, or in a Mortgage, such Money as should be in the Hands of the General Receiver on the First of May 1740; and also such further Sums as were then owing, so soon as the same should be recovered and received, which, in the Whole, were supposed to amount to Eleven hundred Pounds, or thereabouts; and that several of the said Commissioners have taken out of the Hands of Mr. John Match, their General Receiver, since deceased, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and upwards, which was in his Hands on the First of May 1740, or since received by him on account of the said Arrears; and have dissipated the fame, or the greatest Part thereof, in an unwarrantable Manner, contrary to the express Directions of the last mentioned Act: And alleging, That if the Money in the said late Receiver's Hands lud been put out to Interest, conformably to the said last Act, such Interest, with the present Duty of Three Pence a Chaldron upon Ccals, would have been sufficienc to have kept the Chanel in good Order for Navigation, without any further Burthen upon Trade: And therefore praying thcHouse to take the PremisesintoConsideration; and to give the Petitioners such Relief therein, and to make such Provision to prevent all future Misapplications, and all unnecessary Burthens upon Commerce, as the House shaft think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of foveral of the l'urviving Commissioners for cleansing and

making navigable the Char.el from the in the

Borough of Co/chejfer, in the County of Ejj'ex, to in the same County, and of several of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the laid Borough, and Towns adjacent, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of whole Names arc thereunto subscribrd, on behalf of themselves. and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City, and of others resorting to the lame, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Inhabitants of the City of Westminster have, from.ancientTimes, enjoyed the L.'fe and Benefit of a publick Market within the said City, where they were supplied with choice ot Provisions, near their own Habitations, pt reasonable Rates; and that it hath been found necessary to convert the round Wool-staple, where the said publick Market was kept, for the Purpose of widening, and rendering more commodious, the several Ways, Streets, and Passages, to and from the new. Bridge; and that by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the 12th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for enlarging the Powers of the Commissioners for building the said Bridge, and other Purposes therein mentioned, the said Place, and Market-Buildings thereon, have been sold by the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of St. Peter s, of whom the said Market is immediately heid, and their Lessee of the Office of Keeper and Sweeper of the said Market, for the publick Ule aforesaid, pursuant to the said Act; and that the Inhabitants of the said City of Westminster, and others, who used to resort to the faicf publick Market, have, ever since the said Sale, been deprived of the great L'le and Benefit thereof.; and the Butchers, Poulterers, and others, who used to supply the fune with such Choice and Plenty of Provisions, as aforesaid, have either retired to other Markets, or spread themselves in the Streets, Lanes, and narrow Places, at Distances from one another, to the Annoyance of the Petitioners, and a Prejudice to themselves; and that the said Inhabitants are frequently obliged to go to other distant Markets to buy their Provisions, to their great Inconvenience, and Lois of Time in their Bufinest; and that the said Dean and Chapter, and their said Lessee, are desirous and ready to purchase another Place or Site for opening again and holding the said publick Market; and to buiid thereon all Conveniencier. for that Purpose; but that they meet^Tth several Difficulties in finding out and purchasing such Place: and that the Petitioners, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City eft Westminster, are like to be deprived of the great Benefit of their publick Market, unless such Difficulties be removed; which the Petitioners areadvised, and apprehend, cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the Prennles into Consideration, that the said Market may be held in some other convenient Place of the said City; and.that the Petitioners may be relieved in such manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Peter Warren, Mr.

ton, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. HLord Strange, Colonel

Haldane, Mr. West, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Kynaston, Lord Bateman, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Gray, Mr. Chester, Mr. Yorke, Sir Richard Mr. Fane,

General Onslow, General Oglethorpe, Admiral

Sir Wm.Wynne, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Reynolds, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Naftau, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gore, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Rankes, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Mr. Talbot, Mr.

Finch, Me-. Maitland, Mr. Williams, Sir John

worth.

Westminster

Mjrkct.

V

Colchester

Channel

Navigation,

Ice.

ifonchester

ixo^ds.

Fri i(h Fishery.

Supply*

Ways and Means,

Trade with Sweden.

23 Geo. II. 2° Febtuarii. 97$.

worth, Mr. IFur bur ton, Mr. Laroch, Colonel Holmes,

Mr. Gybbou, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Sir ‘Thornes Ro-

bin fun, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Mr. Thornhagh, Colonel Abercrombie, Lord Gage, Mr. Alar tin, Mr. Macktcorlh, Sir Earn. Isham; and all the Members who lerve for the County of Middlesex:And they are to meet this After-'

noon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.,

Ordered, That Colonel JVa/dMr. Gower, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Alstone, Mr. Mr. Moncton, Mr. Ashe, be added to the Committee, towhpni the Petition of fevCral of the surviving Commissioners for cleapfing and making navigable the Channel from the-Hythe, in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex,. to Wivenhce, in the same County, and of several of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough, whose Names are thereuntofubferibed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said: Borough, and Towns adjacent, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted By an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads hading horn the Town of M in the County of Laftcajltr, through the Town of Ashton under Line, and Parish of Aid tram l.ougdendcle, and from thence to Walter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Fane, Mr. ShittLworth, Lord Mr. Rey-

nolds, Sir John Cujl, Mr. ProMr. Fazakerley, Mr. Colebrook, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Mr. Hamilton, Sir Thomas Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Sydenham, Mr. Gray, Colonel HoMr. Chester, Mr. Child, Mr. laaffe, Sir Robert Long, Admiral Vernon, Sir Richard IVrottesley, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Gore, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell, Mr. IFarburton, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. J Mr.

Ly/ler, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mr. Hay, Sir

Charles KemysTynte, Mr. Her. Walpole junior, Mr. Barry, Mr. Kent, Mr. Med/ycot, Mr. Yoke, Mr.

Mr. Haubtiry, and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Lcaic-fta, Chesterand York: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the I lock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1 he Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the British Fishery;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven* night, refulve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ponfider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committtee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conlidrr further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; . ..

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The otl'.er Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Trade betwixt Great Britain and Sweden.-,

Ordered, 'Flint the Account of the Imports and Exports from and to Sweden, for Ten Years last pall, distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Goods, be referred to the said Committee.

VOL. 25.

Ordered, That the* Copies of the feverat Reports made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty's Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations (which were presented to the House upon the icth Day of March 1736) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of a Report made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officer^ of his Majesty's Yard at Deptford, of the Trial of "Two Bars of Iron, received by Mr. John- Tomlinfou, which,; he said he received from New England, dated the 7th of September 1736 (which was presented to the House upon the rjth Day of March 1736) be referred to the said Comin'ittY

Ordered, That an Account of the Q&imtity of Iron imported into England,-from Chtiftmar17j&j to mas 1718, from foreign Countries,- w'ifh she-Duties'jirayable thereon^ and how much the same amounted to distin*1 guiftfthg each1 Country, and each Year (which was pre-lcnted to the Hpdle upon the /25 th Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Comhiittee. ! -

Ordered, That an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England, from Christmas 1728, to 1735, from 'foreign ^Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much thb same amounted to, distin-gaishing each Country and each Year (which was pre* lented to the House upon the 25th Day of 173 7)-

be referred to the said Committee. 1

Ordered, That an Account of the Quantities of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the Plantation?, distinguishing each Species, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, from Christmas 1710, 'to Christmas 1718, distinguishing each Plantation, and each Year (which was presented to1 the House upon the 25 th Day of March 1737) he referred to the said Committee!

Ordered, That an Account of the Quantity oflron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England, from the Plantations, distinguishing each Species, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, from Christmas 1728, to Christmas 1735, distinguishing -each Plantation, and each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of the Quantity of Steel imported into England, from Christmas 1718, to Christmas 1735, the Duty payable thereon, and what the Duties have amounted to, distinguishing each Year, and each Country from whence imported (which was presented to the House upon the 29th Day. of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of the Quantity oflron imported into England, from Christmas 1735, to Christmas 1736, from foreign Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the fajiie amounted to, distinguishing each Country (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That an Account of the Quantity of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the P.antations, distinguishing each Species, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, from Christmas 1735, to'Christmas 1736, distinguishing each Plantation (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Coma mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Charles Tvwnjhend took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Charles Tovtnjhend reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolutionj Which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

to -. n

97<S

Februarii.

A. 1749,

Committeeof Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec* Privileges. ^;ons be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, next Nine of the Clock.

Earl of Bradford's

Eft ate.

Luna, 50 Februarii \

Anno 2 30 Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Thornkagh, Mr Mr.

Salisbury, Mr. Jetty ns, Mr. Barber, Mr. Mr.

Butler, Mr. Hay, Mr. Fellowej, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Lewis, ]\Jr. MeUish, Mr. Sandys, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossedBdl, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Committiees of of Brad-

ford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of his personal Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Estates of Inheritance, for the Purposes therein mentioned, is committed.

Whitby Mr. Comptroller reported from the Committee, to Harbour, whom the Bill for the more effectual repairing and preferring of the Piers and Harbour of in the County of York, was committed, That the Committee had considered the Petition of the Coal-owners, Fitters, and Owners of Ships, residing in or near the Town of Sunderland, in the County of 'Durham, to them referred } and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon th? Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingross'ed.

Duty on The House being informed, That Mr. Oxeuford, from Silk imported the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; from China, He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the Iloule, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the several Rates or Duties, per Pound Weight, now paid upon the Importation of China, Italian, and Turkey, raw Silk, distinguishing each Duty, with the several Drawbacks allowed upon Re-exportation of the fame: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Iron imported, for *r°n rt d Ten, Years last, from the Colonies in America, dif-

foin America ringni filing each Year, and the Quantity imported from each Colony, and distinguishing how much in Pig, and how much in Bar.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon theTable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

take eflfeft, it may be the Means of opening a ftiortcr and better Road to London, and will be of greater Service and Advantage to the Town of Mansfield, and all other Monday Places in the North using the said Road: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennet and Mr. Edwards:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties 1 upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty, without any Amendment: And ahb.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Engelbert Hake, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Roger Mortlock, Doctor in Divinity, now called Roger Pettiward, and the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pettiward, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac Sckomberg, Doctor in Physick: To

which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill} Duties on Malt, &c.

Hake's

Nat.

Dr. Mort-lock's Name.

Schoenberg's

Nat.

Westwood Gate, Scc, Iliads.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Road now leading from Market Har b to London, through

Northampton, has for many Years last past been exceeding bad and ruinous, and in Winter-time has been, and nowis, almost impalliible: That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill, depending in this House, for repairing the Road leading from Knotting Westwood Gate, in the County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester, should 1$

The House being informed, That John Lewis, One of Privilege, the Persons complained of, upon the 3 tft Day of January last, for being concerned in arresting William Pinchbeck, a menial Servant of Thomas Matthews Esquire, a Member of this House, had made Submission and Satisfaction to the said Member;

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon so much of the said Complaint as relates to the said John Lewis,

A Petition of the Clothiers of Trowbridge, in the Seduction of County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; Anifken to

setting forth. That the Legislature, for a long Series of foreign Parti. Years past, has regarded Manufacture as being of the gre&test Importance to the Welfare of this Nation, for-as much as it fumilhes Employments for the Poor, raises the Value of Lands, and increases the Navigation, Wealth, and Strength, of this Kingdom; and that, upon thele Accounts, the Parliament, from time to time, by many Laws, have given it great Encouragement, and also endeavoured to prevent the Seduftion of our Artificers into foreign Parts, and to preserve our Manufactures as much as possible to ourselves; but that, notwithstanding these Precautions, of late several evil-minded Persons, being Enemies to the Profoerity of their Country, or from private Views, in open Violation of the Laws, have actually seduced into foreign Parts many of our Artificers and Workmen in our Staple Manufacturethe Woollen Trade, as well as in other Branches of the Manufactures of this Kingdom; as also have been aiding, assisting, or abetting, in conveying into foreign Parts Tools and Engines uled in our Manufactures, or Draughts, Models, and, Descriptions of Tools and Engines used in the said Manufactures, which have a great Tendency to deprive us of the Benefit of them } whereby it appears, that the Laws already in being are not sufficient to restrain and deter such evil-minded Persons from being guilty of such unnatural and pernicious Practices: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to inflict such Pain9 and Penalties as may be thought mostconducive to rcltrai* all such evil-minded Persons from being guilty of such de-struftiveand unnatural Practices for the future, and to oblige all present Delinquents to return to their nativeCoun-try; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in tl'.e Premises as to the House shall i'eem meet.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of hist late Majesty King the

First,

23 GEO.IL 5° — 6° Februa977

First, intituled, An Act to prevent Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Act: And that Sir Robert Long, Mr. Pand Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westminster The Lord Baltimore presented to the House, according Fish Makct. to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Westminster; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; in order to render the said Act more effectual for the regular and well supplying the Markets of London and Westminster with Fish: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

House, upon the 15th Day of January last, be further ' adjourned till this Day Two Months.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Trade with the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Sweden, the State of the Trade betwixt Great Britain and Sweden, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elec- Committee tions be adjourned. of Privilege*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Tower Sir Hugh Smith/on presented to the House, according to Ham eu Order, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts. fmau Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of , and in the several

Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets; And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Motion A Motion was made, and the Question being put, respecting That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, Dunkirk. That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a perfect Account of the present State of the Port and Harbour of Dunkirk, together with Copies of all Memorials, Representations. Letters, and Papers, that have passed between his Majesty's Ministers and the Ministers of the French King, in regard to the Execution of the 17th Article of the Definitive Treaty concluded at Aix la Chapelle upon the 18 th of QSober N. S. 1748;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

niler* for the Yeas.J^p^'; ] . IJ.

Tellers for the } a42.

So it passed in the Negative.

Call ®f the The Order of the Day being read, for calling over

House. the Names of such Members as made Default to appear at the Call of the House upon the 15th Day of January last;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Calling over the Names of such Members as made Default to appear at the Call of the House upon the 15th Day of last, be further ad-

journed till this Day Sevennight;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Word " Sevennight," in order to insert the Words " Two Months" instead thereof;

And the Question being put, That the Word " Sevennight" Hand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words Two Months" be inserted instead thereof;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, HarvJ I?6

Tellers for the } io7-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, thus amended, being put;

Ordered, That the Calling over of the Names of such Members as made Default to appear at the Call of the Vol. 25.

Mortis, 6° die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

ABIL L for improving the Navigation of the River Toyne

Loyne-, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near Navigation, the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of caster; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Reynolds,

Mr. Wil/on, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Colleton,

Mr. Hill, Mr. Gild art, Mr. Brookjlanke, Mr. Hardinge,

Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Hay, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Sioper,

General Onslow, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Mr.

hagh, Mr. Gore, Mr. Colebrooke, Mr. Mr.

lip/on, Mr. Lyster, Lord Galway, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Monckton, Mr. Warburton, Lord Parker, Mr. Sydenham,

Mr. Bold, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Alderman Be-thell, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Turner, Sir Edm. lsham , Mr. Curzon, Mr. Mr.

Charlton, Mr. Hen. Herbert, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Jeffreys, Mr. Hen. Finch, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Alfton, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Leftie, Lord Gage, Sir John Cust, Mr.

Chester, Mr, Rigby, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, Westmoreland, Cumberland, and Turk .* And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

A Petition of the Merchants of the City of London African trading to Africa, and the British Plantations in America, Trade, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth,

That the Trade to the Coast of Africa is of the utmost Consequence to this Nation, and to the British Plantations; and that past Experience has incontestably proved, that this Trade has declined or flourished in proportion as it has been restrained or left free and open; that the British Forts and Settlements on that Coast might be rendered greatly serviceable to the Trade in general, if put under such Regulations, as that all his Majesty's Subjects might equally enjoy the Benefit of trading with the Negro Merchants; which the Petitioners apprehend they would be debarred of, if placed under the Direction of a trading Joint-Stock Company; and that some of his Majesty's Ships of War, properly Rationed on that Coast, are the greatest Security against the Incroachments of Rival Nations, the Insults of an Enemy, and the Ravages of Pirates: And therefore praying, That this Trade may continue free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects; and that the said Forts and Settlements may be put under such Management, as will be most conducive to this End; and that such Provision may be made for their Support and Maintenance as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That the Trade tb the Coast of Africa is of very confi-

11 Q derable

African

Trade.

978 6° Februarii.

derable Consequence to the general Interest of the Kingdom, and peculiarly affects the Merchants, and other trading Inhabitants of the said City, who have largely adventured their Properties therein, and carry on the same in a very extensive Manner; and the Petitioners are well satisfied they will continue so to do whilst that Trade remains free and open; and that the Petitioners conceive, that by supporting the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, under such Regulations as shall be for the common Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects, his Majesty's Rights of Sovereignty and Possession will be preserved, and the Forts and Settlements made serviceable to Trade t but that they will become highly prejudicial to it, if placed in the Hands of any Joint-Stock Company: And therefore praying the House, That the Trade to Africa may remain free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects; and that the Forts and Settlements may not be placed in the Hands of any Joint-Sto'ck Company.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was also presented to the House, and read j setting forth. That the Trade to the Coast of , and more especially to the Gold Coast, is of very great and considerable Consequence to the Interest of the Kingdom in general, and to that of the said City in particular, from whence the same is carried on in a very extensive Manner} and that the rendering the said Trade truly beneficial to all his Majesty's Subjects, will intirely depend on keeping it still free and open: That the Petitioners apprehend, that the British Forts and Settlements on the said Coast are proper to be supported upon a respectable Foot, for preserving his Majesty's Right of Sovereignty, and, under due Regulations, may be made serviceable to Trade; but will become a great Burthen, and highly prejudicial to it, if placed in the Hands of any Joint-Stock Company; and that a sufficient Number of his Majesty's Ships of War, properly stationed on the said Coast, will tend greatly to the Security and Protection of the said Trade: And therefore praying, That the said Trade may still be preserved free and open } and that the said Forts and Settlements may be taken under his Majesty's immediate Protection, and the Care thereof committed to Merchants, who shall have no other Advantage from the said Trade than in common with all his Majesty'sSubjects; or that such Provision may be made for the Support and Maintenance of the said Forts and Settlements as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, concerned in the African Trade, from the Town of , was also

presented to the House, and read; setting fofth, That the Petitioners for a great many Years past, have had, and now hold, a principal Share in the Trade to the different Parts of the Ajrican Coast; and can say, that they have done as much, at lead, as any other Part of the British Subjects, in bringing it to that flourishing State which the Nation at present enjoys the Benefits of: That it appears plain to the Petitioners, from Reason, long Experience, and various Trials, that this Branch of foreign Commerce can never be preserved and supported in Britain by any Joint-Stock trading Company whatsoever, but only by a free and open exercise of it on One equal Foot allowed to every Adventurer: That the Forts and Settlements on the African Coast have hitherto been, and will always remain while in a Company's Hands, a Prejudice and Discouragement to the Trade; but might probably be rendered very serviceable thereto, if either taken immediately into the Hands of the Government, and supported at a national Expence, for the impartial Benefit of every one concerned in it, or put into the Hands of a regulated Company of all the African Merchants in Great Britain, on some such Plan as was proposed in the Bill which passed in the House the last Session of Parliament} and in such manner, as no Part of the British Subjects should obtain superior Benefits from them above their Fellows, nor any distinguishing Advantages in the Prosecuting of any Part of this Trade: That the Petitioners

A. 1749.

think this, with the Countenance of a. Man of War or Two stationed on the Coast, is the only effectual Way to enable the Subjects of this Kingdom to contend with all their foreign Rivals, and to perpetuate to the Nation a principal Share in the valuable Advantages of an African Trade: And therefore praying to be continued in the same free and open Exercise of this Branch of Commerce, which for many Years the Petitioners have enjoyed, and the Nation in general has found so greatly beneficial; and that the bold Attempts, groundless Insinuations, and false Suggestions, of a few, who seem to have little Acquaintance with either iheAfrican Trade or Coast, and not the least Merit on which to ground their Expectations of those peculiar Advantages above their Fellow-Subjects, which they are so strenuously contending for, may not prevail to deprive the Petitioners of any of their valuable trading Rights, or to cramp them in any degree in the Exercise of them: And further praying. That the Forts and Settlements on the Coast may be for the future put under such a Management and Regulation as to the House shall seem meet, in order to give the Petitioners, and every British Adventurer without Distinction, an equal Share in the Benefit of them.

And the said Petitions w'ere severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. John Pitt, from the Commissioners for Trade and African Plantations, presented to the House, by his Majesty's Trade* Command,

N*. 1. Copy of a Representation and Proposals of the Royal African Company, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for securing, improving, and extending, the Trade to Africa:

2. Copy of a Memorial of the Royal African Company, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations; with an Estimate of the Charges of a military Force for supporting their Forts and Settlements in Africa t

3. Copy of a Plan from several Merchants of London, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for the better regulating and carrying on the Trade to

4. Copy of a Scheme from several African Merchants, and Traders of the City of London, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for securing, improving, and extending, the Trade to Africa .-

5. Copy of a Scheme from the Merchants of

to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for securing, improving, and extending, the Trade to Africa:

6. Copy of a Representation from the Merchants trading to Africa from the Port of , to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for carrying on, extending, and securing, the Trade to Africa:

7. Copy of a Representation from the Sugar Planters, and others, to the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, for retrieving, extending, and preserving, the Trade to Africa.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

Mr. John Pitt also presented to the House,

A Representation to the House from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the said Papers.

And the said Representation was read:

And the said Lift and Papers were also read.

The laid Papers and Representation are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Seven-

night, resolveitfelfintoa Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That the said Papers be printed.

A Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, ProbibkioB of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was Cambricki. presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for prohibiting the Wear and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, although explained, amended,

# and

919

23 Geo. II. 6° — 70 Februarii.

and enforced, by a subsequent Law, has, by Experience, been round ineffectual; it being of publick Notoriety, that very great Quantities of the said prohibited Commodities still continue to be daily imported, fold, and worn, within this Kingdom; and that the Petitioners apprehend the national Views of the Legislature are hereby in great measure defeated, as the Manufactures of our Rivals in Trade are not affected in that proportion which it was hoped they would have been; whilst, on the other hand, the fair Trader has been deprived of this Branch of Traf-sick, to the Lois of at lead Five -and-twenty thousand Pounds per Annum to his Majesty's Revenue; and that the exorbitant Increase in the Prices of Lawns, and other fine Linens abroad, and of Mullins, and other East India Goods at home, in consequence of the said Prohibition, has been extremely grievous to the Subject, and at the same time has greatly lessened the intended Saving to the Nation; and through the Impossibility of distin-‘ guishing the said prohibited Goods from others of a like

Kind, the Petitioners apprehend the said Laws can never be carried into Execution, or be rendered effectual, by any additional Provisionsor Penalties whatsoever; whilst, on the other hand, such severe Methods, in a same of so much Doubt and Uncertainty, cannot but prove very strong Inducements to Perjury, and of dangerous Consequence to the Property and Reputation of the fairTrader; without being any Check to the illicit Practices of others: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration; and to do therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Fast contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Sir Mr.

Lord Strange, Mr. Pitt, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Mr. Sehvyn, Sir John

Hynd Cotton, Colonel TMr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Hardinge, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Newnham, Mr. Kynaj Mr. Torke, Mr.

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Burrell, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Northey, Mr. Elliott, Sir Thomas Robinson, Sir Peter Warren, Mr.

VilHers, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Ellis, Mr; and all the

Merchants of the House; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And ail who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Re-export of Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Cambricks. Qf all Bonds given, with the Names of the Persons by whom such Bonds are given, for Re-exportation of Cambricks since the passing of the Act, of the 18th Year of of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Trade with Mr. Charles' Townshend, according to Order, reported, Sweden, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Trade betwixt Great Britain and Sweden, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report tff the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where th? same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties on Pig and Bar Iron made in, and imported from, his Majesty's Colonies in America, be taken off.

The said Rasolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Charles Mr. Col-

leton, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior, the Lord Baltimore, Mr. Alderman Baker, and Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

Vol. 15.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Silk Manning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "^tures' House, to consider of the State of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, y° die Februarii;

Anno zj* Georgii 11" Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act SchombergV for naturalizing Isaac Schomberg, Doctor in Phy- Nat' sick, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by Fulham an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his Roads‘ present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of through

Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at mersmith, in the said County, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm.

Beauchamp ProElor, Mr. West, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Colleton,

Lord Parker, Mr. Compton, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Curzon,

Lord Geo. Sackville, Mr. Fairfax, M Mr

Mr. Bodville, Mr. Butler, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sit John Cujl, Mr. Earle, Mr. Thornton, Colonel Lyttelton, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Fitzroy Scudamore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Torke, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr.

Hay, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fletcher, Mr.

Hawkins, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Carmichael, Mr.

Mr. Willes, Mr. Pitt, Colonel Bockland, Lord Bulk ley,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Gore, Mr. Chetwynd; and all the Members who serve for the County of , and the

City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Cloqk, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Plumptre reported from the Committee, to whom Earl of the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Bradford*# impower the Committees of Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of his personal Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Estates of Inheritance, fort he Purposes therein mentioned, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The House being informed, That Mr. Jennings, from HalfSubfidy the Exchequer, attended at the Door; auJpouod-

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the age> oun House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the Half Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for paying the Annuity and Charges of Management, to the South-Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capital, of the Annuities granted by the Second Act, 1708.

And then he withdrew.'

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

980 7* Februarii. A. 1749.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and fiurgefies, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the half Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for paying the Annuity, and Charges of Management, to the South-Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capital, or the Annuities granted by the Second Act, 1708.

Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the Half Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for paying the -

Annuity, and Charges of Management, to the South-Sea Company, for Subscriptions intatheir ( 94,655 7 4

Capital, of the Annuities granted by the Second Act, 1708 - - - -$

Exchequer, the 7th

February 1749.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Walpole'* Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom Grant from the Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Crown, tjje Manor of Garftang, in the County of Laucaster, and of a Messuage, or Tenement, in , in in

the County of Westmoreland, to Trustees, in Trust, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the same, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di^sted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Way* Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Means, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Supply. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Limiting The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a C,rArmy.* Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for limiting respective Times at, and Conditions upon, which every Non-commission Officer or Soldier now, or who may hereafter be such, in his MajestyV Land Service, shall be intitled to be discharged from the said Service, notwithstanding a Number of Forces by Land shall, by Authority of Parliament, be kept on Foot.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 'Thomas Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Yarmouth Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Hawn, See. whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was com-

24

R' Jennings.

mitted; be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Stapylton have Leave to make a Motion, it being near Three of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And presented to the House,

A Petition of the Matters of Ships uling the Coal Uncancetled Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf Booth for of themselves, and of many others using the said Trade: ulKi'

And the said Petition was read j setting forth. That the Manner of carrying on the said Trade, is, that when Ships arrive in the Port of London, the Matters employ Crimps or Factors to dispose of their Coals, who, with the Masters, enter into Bonds to his Majesty, payable within Three Months, for the Duties of the Coals; and the Matters are allowed Two and a Half per Cent. Discount, if the said Duties are paid within Sixteen Working Days after the Entry of the Ships; and the Crimps or Factors, for their Pains and Trouble, are allowed from the Matters a Commission of a Half per Cent, upon the Amount of the whole Cargo; and the Matters make up an Account with their Factors every Voyage, in which the Factors always charge all the Duties, and their Commission; and that the Petitioners having for many Years, according to this Method, employed Sir Malthus Ryal, William Williford,

John Gibson, and others, as their Crimps or Factors,

aid, from time to time, along with them, enter into Bonds for the Payment of the said Duties, and always left in their Factors Hands sufficient Value to pay those Bonds, and which they, the Petitioners, had the strongest Reason to believe the Collector of the Customs regularly received from their Factors, because otherwise he would have demanded Payment thereof when due, as the Duty of his Office required of him; which he never did: And the Petitioners, thinking the y might safely rely on the Care and Integrity of the said Collector and their Crimps (the latter being jointly liable to the Penalty of the Bonds) and the Nature of their Trade obliging them to return to their Loading Ports with their Ships, with the utmost Expedition, neglected to take up several of their Bonds; and that Williford dying insolvent, and the Collector of the said Duties, being also dead, greatly in Arrear to his Majesty for the said Duties, as the Petitioners are informed; and the said Gibson having, since the Death of the said Collector, likewise become insolvent; and an Extent having issued against the said Gibson and Sir Malthus Ryal, for Non-payment of the said Duties, the Sollicitor of the Customs did write several Letters to the Petitioners, in which he demanded, to their great Surprise, Payment of Bonds, some of them due above Twenty Years ago, upon Pretence that the said Duties are Hill unpaid: And further alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, that, had not the said Bonds (though still remaining in the Collectors Office) been regularly paid, the Collector could not have annually made up his Accounts; nor would he have delivered up to the Petitioners, as he has done, great Numbers of Bonds entered into since the Date of these Bonds, for which they are now threatened to be lued, without taking the least Notice of any former Bonds; nor would he, upon Application made to him by several of the Petitioners, to know whether they had any Bonds Handing out against them, have replied, as he did, that there were none (although, since his Decease, many Bonds, entered into by

33 Geo. II.

7* — 8* Februariu

981

the Petitioners who thus applied, were found Uncancelled ip his Office) had he not been conscious of the Certainty of the Fad, that these Bonds were paid: And further letting forth, That although, on the Death of Williford, the Collector demanded no more of his Executrix than Eighteen hundred Pounds for Coal Duties due by the said Williford, yet now the Commissioners of the Customsdo demand Ten thousand Pounds, alleging, that there are Bonds to that Amount (landing out against him; and that it appears by attested Copies of the Crimps original Bills, and attested Copies taken out of their Books, delivered to the Sollicitor of the Customs, and by the constant Practice of this Trade, that the Petitioners regularly paid to the Crimps their Duties of every Voyage before they left the Port of London; which Duties the Crimps must have paid to the Collector, and the Collector must have received the feme, had he pursued his Instructions, which were, as the Petitioners are informed, not to permit any Ships to enter which had any Bonds (landing out against them that were due; and to put in Suit, against the Matters and Crimps, all Bonds within Fourteen Days after they became due; and therefore whatever Loss the Crown may suffer, the same must intirely proceed from the wilful Neglect or Contrivance between the said Collector and Crimps, to which the Petitioners were, no-ways privy, neither could they propose any Advantage therefrom, having regularly paid these Duties to the Crimps, in Manner before dated: And what makes it dill more hard upon the Petitioners, is, that they are now deprived of all Redress against the said Crimps, through their Insolvency; which they might otherwise have had, had their Bonds been put in Suit in due time, or had they had Notice of frheir remaining unpaid; and that in some Instances, as the Petitioners are informed, the said Col-.lector has charged Crimps, in his Books, with Duties owing to the Amount of large Sums; when, upon Examination, it appeared, that these Duties are paid, and the Bonds taken up; and that as the Collector has been guilty of such unjust Practices, it may reasonably be presumed he has charged the Petitioners with Bonds which have been regularly paid by their Crimps, notwithstanding the Bonds are now remaining in his Office; and that this Fraud could not have been carried on, had the Collector's Books been truly kept, and properly inspected and chequed by the Comptroller, or other Officers appointed for that Purpose; and that, should the Bonds be now put in Suit against the Petitioners, they and their Families must be inevitably ruined, and forced to seek their Livelihood in foreign Countries: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and (late to the House, the Matters of Fad contained in the said Petition.

And it is referred to Sir Miles , Mr.

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Walpole, General Handafyde, Sir Cust, Mr. Legge, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Ellis, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Pozvney, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Fane, Mr. West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Prowse, Mr.

Fellowes, Lord Strange, Mr. Lord Baltimore,

Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Thornton, Doctor Lee, Mr. Sir

Edm. Thomas, Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Amy and Sir Wal. Wag. Bagot, Mr. Fork, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Webb, Mr. Compton, Mr. Bayntun, Mr Robinson, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Ridley, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Francis Drake, Lord Gage, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Mel-

lifti, Mr. Lyster, Sir Walter Blackett, Sir Edm. Isham Lord Harley, Mr. War bur ton. Lord Parker: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And

Vol. 25.

An ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertiop; punishing and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quar- Mutiny ami ters; was read the Third time. Desertion.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, relating to the Manner in which Non-commission Officers may be reduced or punished:

And the feme was twice read, and amended:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

lOji

Tdltrs for the Nets, { "r adZfffrmtcfo: } 17*‘

So it passed in the Negative.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz

Press 5. L. 10. To leave out excepting General " Courts Martial held in Places beyond the Seas, where " there is no Civil Judicature, and confiding of a left " Number than 13 Commission Officers, wherein Judgment shall be given by Plurality of Voices:"

Press 23. L. 19. After " in," to insert " by the Laws " in Force in Scotland at the time of the Union

L. 2a. After the First " the," to insert "said,'* and leave out in Scotland."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question. severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be*

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters;

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deffre their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned. ie*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 8° dieFebr; r

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

/~\RDERED, That Mr. Wilkiufott and Mr. Neale be Seduftion of added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare* so^ion'paiM. and bring in, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act tapre-vent Inconveniencies arising from (educing Artificpf$Tift. the Manufactures of Great Britain iqto foreign Parts;

Ordered, That Mr. Polhill be added to the Gentlemen. who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bijl for: £n.^ei fecu ring the sole Property, Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by Israel Pow deceased, for railing Ballad, Sullage, and Sand, and for removing Blanks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years. N

The House being informed. That Mr* Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Scotland; Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Quantities of British and Irish coarse Linens exported from Scotland, with the Bounties paid thereon, to the 16th November 1749, inclusive, out of

such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Pay-. ment. of Incidents to be replaced by Parliament* pursuant to a Clause in an Act of the 20th of his Majesty, and

Clause in an Act passed last Session of Parliament;

11 R He

Kingston upon Hull Streets, &c.

8° Februarii. J. 1749.

He also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Exports and Imports to and from Sweden, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Ten Years last past, ending at Michaelmas 1749 distin-g'uithing each Year, and each Species of Goods.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Lord Robert Manners reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and also the Petition of the Burgesses and principal Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, whoseNames are thereunto subscribed; and also the Petition of the Guild or Brotherhood of Masters and Pilots, Seamen of the Trinity-house in Kingston upon Hullwere referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In Support of the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Mr. Robert Taylor was examined: And feid, That he was born in the Town of Hull; and that it has been the constant Practice, during his Time, when the Streets of the said Town have wanted repairing, for the Corporation to find the Gravel, Cobles, Sand, and other Materials; and the Inhabitants, before whose Houses such Reparations were wanting, to pay the Wages of the Workmen and PaviOrs; but that lately some of the Inhabitants have refuled to pay the Workmen and Paviors for the said Reparations; and that, by reason of the Narrownels of the Wheels of the Carriages, and of the excessive Weights carried thereon, and also by the Use of Trucks, the said Streets are frequently very much damaged, and . are now in several' Places in very bad Repair.

Being asked if certain Tolls, which are col led ed by the Corporation, are not particularly applicable to the Repair‘ot the said Streets ? he laid. That the Corporation receive of Persons, who are not free of the Town, a Toll upon every Load of Corn that is carried into the Town, and a Rent for the Standing of every Stall; but never understood that such Tolls or Rents were applicable to the Repair of the Streets; nor ever knew it disputed, till lately, that the Inhabitants were liable to pay the Workmen for repairing the Streets in the said Town.

Mr. Henry Musgrave was examined: And said, That ho^bts lived in the said Town Seventeen Years, and been a Httafekeeper therein about Fourteen or Fifteen Years; and that during that Period the Materials made use of in ' repairing the said Streets have been found by the Corporation; and the Expences of repairing and paving the lime have been paid by the Inhabitants.

Mr. Taylor was further examined: And said, That te-veral of the Inhabitants of the said Town neglect to sweep the Streets before their Houses; and that Dirt, and ether Annoyances, are frequently laid in the said Streets in the Night-time; and in such a private Manner, as renders it extremely difficult to doted the Offenders:

That in the last Winter several Houses were broke open and robbed, and Attempts made to break open several others, notwithstandinga military Guard is polled in the Market-place, and Centinels are placed at every Gate of the said Town.

That the Ships in the Haven, which are loading or unloading, lay full against the Merchants Staithes, where there is no Quay; and that about Two Years ago a Ship wasfet on Fire; and the Town would have been burnt, if very great Care and Industry had not been uled to extinguish the Fire: That all the Ships in the Haven lay close to each other; and that if a Fire hapipens in any One of:

them, it may communicate to the rest, and greatly endanger the Town; and that there is no Provision to oblige the Persons on board such Ships to put out their Lights at a certain Time.

Mr. Musgrave was further examined: And said, that the Trinity-houseappoint an Officer called a Haven-master,

but his Power only extends to the Moorings of the Ships in the said Haven:

That the Ships lay close to the Town; and if any of them should take Fire the Town must be in very imminent Danger: And that he had applied to the Corpora-, tion to remove Vessels loaded with Gunpowder from the Staithes, to a proper Distance in the Stream; but found the Corporation had not Power lo to do.

In Support of the Allegations of the Two Iaft-mentioned Petitions,

Mr. George Ifoodhouse was examined r And said, That he is apprehensive, that the attempting to remedy the above-mentioned Inconveniences may be attended with great Expence, and be very burthensome to the middling Sort of Inhabitants of the said Town; but that, in his Opinion, a Bill for that Purpose may be f) framed, as to be extremely useful and satisfactory to the said Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, repairing, and preserving, and for the cleansing and enlightening, the Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; and for preventing Dangers of Fire from thcohips in the Haven of the said Town: And that the Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Gower, Mr. Carter, and Mr. Barbor, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of teveral Merchant®, and Matters of Ships* on behalfof themselves, and otherlnhabitantsand Traders o f Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, that a certain Clause in the Bill, now depending before the House, for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Tarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for prefevving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; whereby it is Enabled, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall lay, throw, or empty, any Ballad, Earth, Dust, Rubbish, or Stones, into the said Haven, or upon the Sides or Quays thereof, except upon the publick Quay called The Ballast Quay, or shall unlade any Ballast out of One Ship or Vessel into another in the said Haven, under a certain Fine or Penalty, will, if passed into a Law, be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and many others, in their private Properties and Fortunes, and greatly burthensome and destructive to the Trade in general of the said Town, and of the adjacent Countries: And therefore praying the House, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clause; and that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, be taken into Consideration: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northumberland and he added to

the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Lang, and Partners, Merchants in Glasgow, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Committees of Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of his Personal Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Elutes of Inheritance, for the Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs.

Ordered,

Yannoath Haven, &c.

Lang* Salt Walk*.

Earl of Bradford's Eftaie.

*i3 Geo. II. 8° — 9" Februarii. 983

Ordered That Mr. Plumptre do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

Sail-cloth The House was moved. That the Petition of several U&nufaAare. Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of Sail-

cloth, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others (which was presented to the House upon Thursday the 18th Day of January last, and was then read, and ordered to lie upon the Table) might be now read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Conli-deration of a Committee: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matters of Past contained in the said Petition:

And it is referred to Mr. Alexander Hume, Mr Lord Egmont, Mr. RicLev. Gower, Mr. Charles

Totvnshend, Mr. Hill, Lord , Sir fVm.

Sir Francis Drake, Lord Howe, General Mr.

Gore, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr. Comyns, Mr.

Taaffe, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Proby, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Bold, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Mr. Turner,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Hardinge, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Powney, Mr. Willes, Mr. Robinson, Sir John Cust, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Sir Cor del

Firebrace, Mr. Compton, General General

Handajyie, Mr. Bankes, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. Conolly, Mr. Smythe, Mr. Brodie, Mr. Owen-, and all the Merchants of the House; and all the Members who serve for the Sea-port Towns: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Bramptou Sir Edmund Ijliam presented to the House, according to Bridge Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Road*. and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to iVelford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Poll Road from Mortar-pit t Hill to Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Hill

and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Reflolved, That the Bill be read a Second tim*

Silk The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

Ifanufadurct resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom;

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from China, with the Duty paid for the same, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year; and also distinguishing how much has been re-exported during the same time, with the Drawback allowed thereupon; be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Rates and Duties per Pound Weight, now paid upon the Importation of China, Italian, and Turkey, raw Silk, distinguishing each Duty, with the several Drawbacks allowed upon the Re-exportation of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw, thrown, and wrought, Silks, which have been annually imported into the Port of London, from and Italy, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1743, both inclusive, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from Spain, Italy, Turkey, and for

Seven Years last past, with the Duties paid for the same, distinguishing each Species, each Year,'and each Country, be referred to^the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of die Quantity of wrought Yoj.. 2$.

Silks, or Goods mixed with Silk, which have been exported from the Port of London, for which a Drawback or Bounty is payable to the Exporter, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1749, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

V eneris, 90 die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

THE Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Manchester whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road*, granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County o i Lane after, through the Town of Sjjhton under Line, and Parish of Mottram Land from thence to Salters Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester, was committed. That the Committee had /examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Strange presented to the House, according Wigan to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Road*, granted and continued byTwo former Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from IVigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of and for making the said Acts more effectual: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Richard Clayton presented to the House, according Colcheth to Order, a Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for Inclosure. inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Culcheth, in the County of Lancaster:

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of African the Town of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and Trade, read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Scheme is now carry ing on for monopolizing the Trade to Africa; which, the Petitioners apprehend, if carrieil into Execution, and that extensive Trade put under the Direction of a Joint-Stock Company, will be highly prejudicial not only to the great Number of Merchants now concerned in that Trade, but also to the Nation in general: And therefore praying. That all the British Subjects, without Distinction, may be continued in that free and open Exercise of Trade to all the different Parts of the African Coast, which they now enjoy, and which for many Years past has been, and now is, in

Die ized by boodle

984

9? Februarii.

A. 1749.

the biglieft Degree found beneficial to the Nation, and that no Part of them may be put under any distinguishing Discopragcments in the Prosecution of it.

African A Petition of the several Traders and Inhabitants of the Trade. Town'Of Manchester, in the County of was also

pt'efented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed there is a Scheme formed, and now offered to this House, by a few West India Planters in London, to deprive the Out-ports of this Kingdom, and all the rest of his Majesty's Subjects, of

their Liberty of trading to the African Coast, which they now enjoy; and to have that large and important Branch of Trade confined to themselves, as an exclusive Company; and as the Petitioners cannot but apprehend all Monopolies of Commerce to be unnatural and unreasonable Things, and as, by repeated Experience, they are found to be attended with bad Consequences to the Trade of this Kingdom in general; by hindering both its Improvement and Extension: Therefore praying, That all his Majesty's British Subjects, without Distinction, may be continued in the full Enjoyment of the free and open Exercise of that Trade to all the different Parts of the African Coast, which they have fb long possessed, and which, by many Year's Experience, hath been found to be highly beneficial to this Kingdom, and that no Part of the Traders in this Kingdom may be suppressed or discouraged by any unfavourable Distinctions in their Prosecution of it. )

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Sednftion of Ordered, That Mr. Bayntun be added to the Gentle-Artificer* to rnen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill foreign Pan*, to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts.

Towe* A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of final 1 Hamlet* Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of Small Debts, his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Beauchamp Prottor, Mr. Barbor, Mr. , Mr.

# Sydenham, Mr. Edward Mr. Colleton, M r. Lyster, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Webb, Sir Francis Drake, Sir Peter

Thompson, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Fane, Sir Peter Warren, Sir Thomas Haics, General Onslow, Mr. Henley, Mr. Tracey, Mr. West, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Sandys, Lord Harley, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Toung, Sir Richard Wrotteftey, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr. Bacon, General Mr. Kynaston,

Lord Baltimore, Mr. Smythe, Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Mr.

Mr. Dovadefwell, Colonel Townshend, Mr. Bathurst, Mr.

Chauncy Townshend, Mr. Mr. Bayntun, Sir

John turner, Mr. Myddleton, Mr. Thornton; and all the Members whoservefor the Counties of,

Surrey, and Kent, and for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John King Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That his late Majesty King Charles the Second, by his Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date on or ahout the Second Day of May, in the Nineteenth Year of his Reign, and made and granted unto William Smith Baronet, did create and erect a Court of Record within the Manors of Stepney and Hackney, and the Hamlets anti Liberties thereof, to be held Weekly, for the Trying and Determining of all personal Actions arising within the said Manors, Hamlets, and Liberties, of or for any Sum or Damages under the Sum of One hundred Shillings, except Pleas of Ejectment; and that the said William Smith Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns, should and might nominate, make.

and appoint, fu<?h Judges, Officers, and Ministers, of the said Court, as in the said Letters Patent are mentioned'; with divers other Powers, Liberties, Jurisdictions, and Privileges, by the same Letters Patent, to the said William Smith Baronet, and his Heirs and Assigns, limited and granted; and that the fame Powers, Liberties, Jurisdictions,. and Privileges, by several Mesne Grants or Conveyance? from and under the said Sir William Smith, are derived unto, and vested in One or more Person or Persons, and his or their Heirs, in Trust for the Petitioner, and his Heirs; and that if the Bill, now depending in the Housev for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, shall pass into a Law, the fame, as the Petitioner isadvised, will abridge and exting^ifh the greater and more valuable Part of the Powers, Liberties, Jurisdictions, and Privileges, granted by the said Letters Patent, and now derived unto, or vested in Trust for, the Petitioner and his Heirs, as aforesaid: And, as the House has, in all Instances, shewn the tendered Regard to the Property and Freeholds of the Subject, therefore praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, by his Counsel, in respect to such Parts of the said Bill as relate to the Jurisdiction of the said Court within the said Manors of Stepney and Hackney, and the Petitioner's Rights, Powers, Liberties, Jurisdictions, and Privileges, so made and granted by the said Letters Patent, and derived and vested as aforesaid; or that the Petitioner may be otherwise relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

A Petition 0! John Lawson, Lomax Martyn, George Weller, and John le Grefs Spelman, the Counsel of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea of the King's Houshold, and of the Court of his Majesty's Palace of,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, in the said Courts, the Offices of Counsel are held and enjoyed for the Life of such Person as is placed in the fame; and that the Freeholds of the Petitioners, in their said Offices, have been always acknowleged, and expressly made, chargeable by Parliament towards the Levies by Land Tax, although there are no Salaries annexed to their respective Offices, or other Emolument to the Petitioners, than what arises by very small settled Fees; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Courts were chiefly instituted for the Recovery of small Debts within the Precincts of their Jurisdiction, because all Actions exceeding the Value of Five Pounds are liable to be removed into the superior Courts, by Habeas; and that the

Restraining of the said Courts from holding Pleas to the Amount of Forty Shillings, in any Part of the Jurisdiction of the Marshalsea or Palace Court, will greatly prejudice the several Freeholds of the Petitioners in their laid Offices: And therefore expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that if the House should think fit to carry into a Law the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the TozewHamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the same Hamlets; all which Parishes, Precincts, and Places, are within the Jurisdiction of the said Marshalsea and Palace Courts; that the Regard usually had by Parliament to the Damage which particular Persons may sustain in their several Freeholds will not be neglected in tire same of the Petitioners, but that they shall have some reasonable Amends for the Prejudice that may accrue to them thereby; or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, touching the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed:

Prosecution for Perjury.

Wefhninster

Market.

23 Geo. II. 90 Februarii. 985

mitted: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Place in the City which was Freehold: That in several Count'd, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, Places he had found the Interest much divided, tome if they think fit. Persons agreeing, and others being unwilling, to difppfe

of their respective Properties: That, in some Cates, there Mr. Batkurst presented to the House, according to Or- were Disabilities arising from Infancy, or other Incapaci-der, a Bill to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Sub- ties, to make Conveyances of their several Interests; but ornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual: And the that there are several Places which are not Freehold, which same was received; and read the First time. are very convenient for the holding a Market, particu-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. larly a Place situate between the The Broad and

Bow Street, which would be very proper for that Purpose, Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to and which is now in the Possession of several Persons whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of West-holding as Tenants, by several Leases, under the Dean minster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf and Chapter of , for the Remainder of Terms

of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said of Forty Years.

City, and of others, resorting to the fame, was referred. And Mr. Gel I produced Four Leases, granted, by the That the Committee lud examined the Matter of the said Dean and Chapter, to Mrs. Rebeccd King; which said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, said Four Leases are severally granted for the Term of together with the Resolutions of the Committee there- Forty Years, from Lady-day 1739; and One other Lease upon, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; to Mr. John , lor the Term of Forty Years,

and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where from Michaelmas 1733; which laid Five Leases, the

the same was read; and is as followcdi;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. Darnel Gill, Clerk to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, said. That the Right of holding a Market in the City of Westminster is a Franchise or Privilege belonging to the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter, -minster; and that the same Franchise did formerly belong to the Abbot and Convent: Ar.d,

Mr. John Lock, who had been an Inhabitant of minster near 40 Years, said, He had bought Provisions of different Sorts at a Market called The Round Wool-Jlaple; which Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Atkinson.

And a Release was produced from the Dean and Chapter of Westminster, to Sir Joseph Ayloff ami Daniel Gel!;

whereby it appeared. That the Ground whereon the said Market, called The Round Woo, had been held, was formerly the Property of the Dean and Chapter of minster; and had been by the said Dean and Chapter conveyed to the Use of the Commissioners for building minster Bridge, in pursuance of the Powers granted by an Act of the 1 at h Year of his present Majesty; the Execution of which Deed was proved by the Reverend Doctor Wiff on and the Reverend Mr. Ingram, Prebendaries of the said Collegiate Church.

Then Mr. Lock further informed your Committee, That, in pursuance of such Conveyance, the said Ground had been appropriated to the Purposes of widening and rendering more commodious the Streets and Passages to the new Bridge, and, in consequence, the Market discontinued; and it has been a great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of Westminster, who have been obliged to buy their Meat dearer, and go to other Markets, since the fliutting up the Market as aforesaid; and that the Wit-nels, in particular, has been obliged to go to other Markets.

Mr. Atkinson said. That, when the said Market was held, many Country People ufod to bring Provisions to it.

Mr. Daniel Gell, being examined, laid. That the Dean and Chapter of Westminster haJ appointed a Committee of Three of their own Body to consider of making a Flesh Market, together with the Person who is Lessee, for a Term, of the Office cf Keeper and Sweeper of the Market lately held in The Round Woolstaple: That the Chapter has agreed with the said Lessee, and that the Agreement is entered in the Chapter Book: And,

Mr. Richard Combes, the said Lessee, informed your Committee, That he had agreed with the Committee appointed by the Dean and Chapter, that, if the said Dean and Chapter would lay out the Money arising by the Sale of The Round Woolstaple Market in the Purchase of some other convenient Place, he was ready to build and let up such Conveniences as might be necessary for the holding a Market; which the said Dean and Chapter agreed to do, as soon as they were sufficiemly impowered, and could find a Place proper for that Purpose:

That the Witness has endeavoured to find out such a Vol. 25.

Witness informed the Committee, contained a sufficient Part of the said Leasehold Ground for the said intended Market: And,

Mr. Henry Keen, Surveyor to the said Dean and Chapter, produced and explained to your Committee, a Plan of the said intended Market; and Mr. Combes also produced a Plan of the Ground in its present Situation; which he likewise explained.

Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the holding the publick Market within the City of Westminster hath, from ancient Times, been held imme-cl.ately from and under the Dean and Chapter of the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, by their Lessee of the Office of Keeper and Sweeper of the said Market.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That as the old and usual Place of holding the said Market, which was in The Round Woolstaple in King Street, in the said City, hath been converted to the publick Use of widening the Streets to and from the new Bridge, it is necessary, for the Accommodation and Benefit of the Inhabitants, and others, resorting thereto, that the said Market be held in some other convenient Place of the said City.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the most proper Place for the new holding the said Market is between the Broad SanEluary and Bow , which Place is now in the Possession of several Tenants, under Lease from the said Dean and Chapter, for Terms of Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is necessary a Power be given to enable the said Dean and Chapter to hold the Market in such new Place; and, for this Purpose, that they be at Liberty to treat with, and purchase from, any of their said Tenants, their Interest in the said Premises, and invest in such Purchase such Money as hath arose from the Sale of the old Market place; notwithstanding any Restraint they maybe under, as Trustees for the Church, in disposing of the said Money, from or by any Acts of Parliament which have passed for building the new Bridge, as such Interests are not Freehold.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That when the new Place hath been purchased, and the Buildings and other necessary Conveniencics provided there for holding the said Market, that the said Market be preserved from Encroachment; and, in order to prevent the fame, that it will be necessary and expedient to forbid the vending and exposing to Sale any Flesh Meat, Poultry, or other Provisions, in any House or Shop, or on any Stall, within One hundred Feet of Assize from any the Bounds of the said Market, without the Licence of the Keeper and Sweeper of the said Market; and that a reasonable Penalty be inflicted on such Persons as shall act to the contrary.

n S The

s

Silk Manufactures.

Ditto*

98 6 90 Februarii. . 1749.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agteed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to t^e said ltesolutions: And that Sir Peter Mr. Potter, and Admiral Ver, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

The Lord Vupplin, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred toconsider of the State of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow-cth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That thfe Encouraging of the Importation of China raw Silk, to be manufactured in this Kingdom, will be a publick- Benefit, and greatly contribute to the Increase and Improvement of the Silk Manufactures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Encouragement of the Importation of China raw Silk^the several and respective Duties, now payable thereupon by virtue of several Acts of Parliament now in Force, shall, from and after the 24th Day of June 1750, cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in lieu of the Duties so determined, there shall be payable and paid, from and after the said 24th Day of "June, the same Rates and Duties, upon all China raw Silk imported into this Kingdom, as are now by Lavy payable for raw Silk of the Growth of Italy.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion , of this Committee, That, from and after the said 24th Day of June, the like Drawback shall be allowed, upon the Expectation of China raw Silk, as is now allowed upon the Exportation of raw Silk of the Growth of Italy.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that the Lord Dupp/in, Mr Ifara-tio Walpolefenior, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Neale, Mr. Scrope, Mr. West, and Mr. Matthew Robinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from China, with the Duty paid for the.lame, for Seven Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and also distinguishing how much has been re-exported during the same time, with the Drawback allowed thereupon, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters, Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of thein-lelves, and many Thousand labouring People depending on the Silk Trade, is referred.

Ordered, That the Account of the several Rates or Duties per Pound Weight now paid upon the Importation of China, Italian, and 'Turkey, raw Silk, distinguish-ingeach Duty, with the several Drawbacks allowed upon the Re-exportation of the fame, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw, thrown, and wrought Silks, which have been annually imported into the Port of London from Spain and Italy, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1743, both inclusive, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account <j>f the Quantity of raw Silk imported from Spain, Italy, Turkey, and Russia, for Seven Years last past, with the Duties paid for the lame, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of wrought Silks, or Goods mixed with Silk, which have been exported from the Port of London, for which a Drawback

or Bounty is payable to the Exporter, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1749, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

An ingrosshd Bill to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor cf in the County of

Lancaster, and of a Messuage, or Tenement, in ginge, in \Loufda/e,in the County of Westmorelaud, to

Trustees, m 'lruft, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the feme, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor of Garjlang, in the County of and of a Messuage, or Tenement, in Newbigginge, in Lonfdalt, in the County of to Trustees, in

Trull, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to be paid for the feme.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That it be an Infttudion to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Resolutions which were reported upon Tuesday last from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Trade betwixt Great Britain and Sweden, and then agreed to by the House, That they do inlert, in the said Bill, a Clause or Clauses to prevent the Making of Steel, and setting up Slitting Mills and Rolling Mills in the British Colonies in America.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itfrlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the British Fishery;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines intitled to receive Half-pay in Great Britain, with an Estimate of the Charge thereof, for the Year 1750, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money, given for the Service of the Year 1749, hath been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 24th Day of January 1749, and the Sums remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of extraordinary Services incurred in the Year 174.9. not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was di-reded by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be adjourned.

And

Walp*le'« Grant from the Crown.

Trade with Sweden.

Britishi

Fisherjr.

Svpplf.

CommiW*

Prinkp*

1

Middlesex Small Debts,

Wine Duties.

23 Geo. II.

p° — 120 F

987

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 120 die Februarii; Anno 23* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

MR. Hardings presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said County Court: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed. That Mr. Jennings, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the additional Duties upon all Wines

imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon by an Act of the 18th Yeat of his Majesty's Reign: And also*

An Account of the Monies remainingin the Exchequer, HonfeDutie*. at Christmas last, of the Rates and Duties on Houses,

Windows, and Lights, and of the Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments, charged thereupon by the several Acts of Parliament of the 20th Year of his Majesty's Reign: And also.

An Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments, charged thereupon by an Act of the 21st Year of his Majesty's Reign.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth;

Subsidy of Poundage.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the additional Duties upon all Wines imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

£> s" d,

Calli at Christmas 1749, upon all Wines imported since Lady-day 1745 ..... 59,084 15 10

For Annuities for Lives - -- - - - - 10,968 15 —

For the Bank, for Annuities at £3 per Cent per Annum - - - - 30,000 — . —

Ditto for Charges of Management - - - - -56210 —

----- ----- ----- --. +l, Sil

Surplus at Christmas 1 749 - - 17>553 10 10

Exchequer, the Rob' Jennings.

lath February 1749. __________

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Monlies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christmas last, of the Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Duties on Coache$, and other Carriages, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments, charged thereupon by the several Acts of Parliament of the Twentieth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

To Surplus Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, at Michaelmas 1749, £ s. d.

of the Duties on Houses and Coaches, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon - - 29,856 I n|

To Monies arisen in the Quarter ended at Christmas 1749; viz.

t. d.

Of the Duties on Houses - -- 73,953 4 5

The Duties on Coaches - 3»79° 12 10

----- ----- ----- ----- -- 77.743 17 3

io7»599 ,:9

Paid for Six Months Annuity, due at Christmas 1749,00 One million raised by way of a Lottery,

for the Service of the Year 1747, and Charges of Management - - - 20,281 5 —

Balance is, Monies remaining in the Exchequer at Christmas 1749 - . - - - . - 87,31 14 2

Jtf. B. The above Balance of £. 87,318 14 s.z\ d. together with what shall arise of these Duties in Lady-dry Quarter 1750, is charged with the Payment of the Half Year's Annuity, and Charges of Management, due at Lady-day 1750, on £. 4,400,000 raised on Credit of these Duties, and with the Payment 0^,45,742 for. 3! to the Aggregate Fund, due also at Lady-dry 1750.

Exchequer, the m,

12th February 1749.

Yol. 25.

p88

12* Februarii

A. 1749.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

An ACCOUNT of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at last, of the Subfkly of Poundage

on Goods and Merchandizes imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments, charged thereupon by an Act of the Twenty-first Year of his Majesty's Reign.

... jC* d*

To Surplus Monies remaining in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer at

Michaelmas 1749, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon - - 71,116 17 6

To Monies arisen in the Quarter ended at Christmas 1749 ... 72,669 19 si- £. s. d.

Balance is, Monies remaining in the Exchequer at Christmas 1749 143,786 16 u£

N. B. The above Balance of £. 143,786 i6j. n^d. together with what shall arise of this Duty in Lady-day Quarter 1750, is charged with the Payment of the Half Year's Annuity, and Charges of Management, due at Lady-day 1750, on £.6,930,000 raised on Credit of this Duty.

Exchequer, the 12th February 1749.

Rob1 Jennings.

OrderedfThnJt the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Kendall'* Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom the Name. Bill for enabling Beckford Kendall Esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Cater, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cato-, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be irtgrofled.

African A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailives, and Trade. Burgesses of the Borough of , in the County of Lancaster, and of other trading Inhabitants there, \Vas presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners having been informed, That an Application hath been lately made to this House by several Merchants, and other West India Traders residing in and near , that they may be enabled to form themselves into a joint Company trading to the African Coast, and to have that Branch of foreign Commerce inthfely confined to themselves, and thereby to deprive all the rest of the British Subjects of that Freedom and Liberty of Trade they have long enjoyed on that Coast; the Petitioners apprehend, that any such Attempt must be Very destrudive to the trading Interest of Great , by putting the greatest

Part of it under an apparent Dii'couragement, and con-iining and limiting this Branch of the African Trade, which many Years Experience has shewn can be the most successfully carried on when free and open to every trading Subject: And praying the House to take' the Premises into Consideration; and to protect, and continue' all the Subjects of Great Britain, without Distinction, in the full Enjoyment of the free and open Exercise of their Trade and Commerce to all the different Parts of the African Coast, which they have long enjoyed, and which has been-found in the highefr Degree beneficial to this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers Roads. granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashtm under Line, and Parish dtMottram and from thence

to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of , was

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of and

Parish of MottramLongdendate, and from thence to Salter's Brook, in the County Palatine of Chester.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Nassau reported from the Committee, to whom Colchester the Petition of several of the surviving Commissioners for Chanel cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Navigation, Hytke, in the Borough of Colchester, in the County of *c‘ Essex, to Wivenhoe, in the same County, and of several

of the principal Inhabitants and Traders of the said Borough, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Towns adjacent; and also the Petition of several of the Commissioners and Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Hythe at , in the County of Essex, to Wivenhoe, and of several Merchants, considerable Traders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there; were referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition,

Ap Ad, palfed in the aift Year of the Reign of King James the First, was read; whereby it appeared. That certain Duties were imposed and made payable to the Bailiffs of the Town of Colchester, for Goods and Merchandizes, for the Term of 15 Years, for the repairing and maintaining the said Chanel; and, by the same Act, the Streets and Lancs of the said Town were to be paved and maintained from time to time, and at all times, after the last Day of that Session of Parliament, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, payable and recoverable by the Bailiffs of the said Town, as by the said Act is directed.

Then an Act, passed in the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of King William the Third, was read; whereby it appeared. That several other Duties were laid on, and made payable for. Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, for the Terra of Twenty-one Years, for the Purposes therein mentioned; and several Powers were thereby given to the Mayor, Aldermen, Assistants, and Common-Council, of Colchester, for appointing Collectors and Receivers of the said Duties, and for recovering the same in manner therein mentioned: And also.

An Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, was read; whereby it appeared, Thq:t 'the said Act of the 9th and roth of King William was continued till the 21st Day of May 1740, with Powers to the fai<3 Mayor and Commonalty of Colchester for recovering and receiving the fame: And also.

An Act, of the 13th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was read; whereby it appeared, That the Two last mentioned Acts, and all the Powers and Authorities thereby given, together with such additional Powers as are in the said Act of the 13th Year of his present Majesty mentioned, (Jiould be continued and be in Force, from the First Day of May j 740, for ever; and that the Duty on Sea Coals should, from and after the said First Day of May 1740, be 3 d.a Chalder, and no more; which said Duty should continue and be paid, from the 1 ft

Day

23 Geo. II. 11° Februarii.

9*9

Day of May 1740, for 40 Years; and no other Duty, except the Arrears due under the said Two last mentioned Acts, or either of them, should be raised upon any other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Things; which said Duty of 3 d.per Chalder on Sea Coals, and the Duties

which were or should be in Arrear as aforesaid, should and might be raised, levied, and recovered, in such manner as prescribed by the said Two last mentioned Acts; and that the said Mayor and Commonalty were vested with further Powers for luing for and recovering the said Duty thereby granted, and the Arrears thereof.

Then the Agent for the Petitioners called.

Captain Robert Martyn: Who laid. That a Lock had been erected upon the said River, which was of great Advantage to the Navigation thereof;, for, when the upper Gate of the said Lock is (hut, the Back-water is sufficient to carry Hoys and Lighters from one Quay to another; and, when the lower Gates of the said Lock are opened, the Rapidity of the Stream clears the River, and makes a great Depth of Water.

That he cannot exactly say what the present Condition of the Lock is, not having seen it very lately, but it was much out of Repair when he law it lad; but he believes something has been done to it since; and, if the Lock was to continue out of Repair, it would greatly endanger the choaking up the River.

That there are other Expences which attend the preserving the said Navigation; viz. a Lighter with a Harrow, which ought condantly to be employed to remove Shoals, which is attended with a considerable Expence; but the Witness cannot ascertain how much: Then,

Mr. John Aicfounder confirmed the Evidence of Captain Martyn, in regard to the Necessity of keeping up the Lock, in order to prevent the River being choaked up.

And he further informed your Committee, That he, together with Four other Persons, had surveyed the said Lock and Gates, and also the Sluice-head at the Hythe Bridge in Colchester, on the 29th and 30th of January

last: and he delivered in to your Committee an Estimate of the Expence of the necessary Repairs thereof, signed by himself and Four other Persons, who a Hi (led him in taking the said Survey; which Estimate the Witness said was an exact and fair one, to the bed of his Judgment; and by the said Estimate it appeared, That £.536 16s. id. was necessary for the immediate Repair of the Lock and Gates, and £.19 14*. for Repair of the Sluice-head.

Mr. William Stinger, Collector of the said Duties, being

examined as to the Arrears of the Duties, said, That the Arrears of the Duties under the Act of the 9th and 10th of his late Majesty amount to£.204 it id: That these Arrears are due from several 'Traders in the Borough of Colchester, who refused to pay the said Duties, from the Year 1749, because the Chanel was so bud, as to (lop their Craft; and that the Merchants took Advantage of the Dissolution of the Corporation, after which there was no legal Power to compel the Payment of the said Duties.

That there had been^. 65 remaining in the Hands of the Witness ever since the Year 1740; and that he had heard there was about £.170 in the Hands of the late Receiver.

And, being asked the Question, he said, He was ready to pay this Arrear into the (lands of the Commissioners for the Navigation, though the Mayor and Corporation did not exist; and that, in his Opinion, the said Commissioners had a Power to compel the Payment of the said Arrear, and to give him a sufficient Discharge for the fame; but that the Opinion of Counsel had been taken as to that Point, which was, That, as the Mayor and Corporation did not Cub lift, there was no Power of recovering the said Duties.

That the new Duty had been condantly paid: That a Collier some time ago refused to pay it; but, upon threatening him, he paid it; and that the net Produce of the said new Duty has been, communi £.90 a Year.

That there are other Expences attending the Preserving of the said Navigation, such as Digging, the Working of Lighters, Harrows, &c. which, in the Opinion of the Vox,. 25.

Witness, would amount to £. 106 a Year, besides the ' repairing the said Lock; but, as the Witness is not p}avigai>>i« perfectly acquainted with those Affairs, he cannot pretend &Ci to form an exact Estimate of the Expence.

Mr. Alefounder said. That, when the Lock and Sluices were put in Order, the Expence of keeping them so, and Salaries to Persons to attend the fame, would amount to 40 or 50 Pounds a Year; besides the Expence of* ' keeping the Chanel clean, the Amount whereof the Witness cannot pretend to compute: And,

Mr. Freshfield informed the Committee, That it would cost 80 Pounds to provide a new Barge and Harrow; and £.70 or £. 80 a Year to keep the said Chanel open, exclusive of the Expence of the Lock and Sluices,

Mr. John Box, a Sea Waller, informed your Committee, That he had viewed the said Chanel for the Length of a Mile: That in One Place the Side is decayed for about 40 Rods, which mutt be repaired with Stakes or Piles, and Land Ties or Bullies: That there will be 1,009 Piles wanted, which will cost at lead 1,000 Shillings, besides the Expence of Land Ties and Worknianftlip:

That the Bankshavegone to Decay of late Years; and that there is anabfolute Necessity for repairing that Part of the Bank he speaks of in the manner before described: That the River must likewise be made deeper about 18 Inches, and Two Points taken off, which will cost aoo more:

That he speaks of a Place about a Mile below the Lock; but is not sufficiently acquainted with the River to give Evidence to any other Place, having never surveyed it.

Mr. Henry Bevan informed your Committee, That he had a Draught on Mr. Blatch, late Receiver of the Duties, for 150; which he, the said Blatch, paid: That the Witness had another Draught of £.170, for Work done about the said Navigation, which Mr.

Ejfecutor of the said Mr. Blatch, refused to pay, though he had Money in his Hands, because he said the Commissioners Power did not signify a Farthing; but that he would pay the Witness, if he would give him a Bond to indemnify him, if any future Demand should be made* for that the Commissioners had no Power to give a Discharge, since the Dissolution of the Corporation.

That the Lock and Chanel cannot be supported without (bme further Provision, the present Duty of 3 per Chalder upon Coals not being more than Half sufficient for that Purpose; and that the Witness believes 6 in the Chalder would be sufficient, and not less; for that the Repairs of the said Lock and Sluices, together with working the Harrow, and repairing the Banks, would amount to £.100 a Year, exclusive of the prime Cost of putting the before-mentioned Particulars into Repair, and of Salaries to Persons employed therein.

Mr rFre/hfieldinformed your Committee, That the

Standing Salaries allowed by the Commissioners were Ten Shillings a Week to the Man to look after the Lock, 12 in the Pound to the Collector, which amounts to abou£

Five Pounds a Year, and about £.3 a Year to a Clerk to attend the Commissioners; but the Working of the Harrow and Barges would cost 60 Pounds a Year besidei, and £. 70 or £,80 for a new Barge.

And being asked,. if he ever remembered so great an Expence as this necessary for the said Navigation at onetime; he said. He remembered a much greater in 1742, when £. 800 was laid out on the said Navigation.

Captain Robeit Martyn said, That' the Pavement of*

the Tovyn of Colchester, from the King's Head to the Rose and Crown, which is the direct Road from London to

Harwich, is so very bad, that Passengers go for a Mile together in Danger of their Lives, which the Witness attributes to the Dissolution of the Corporation, there being no Power at present vested in any Person, or Body of People whatsoever, to compel the Repair thereof.

Then your Committee proceeded to examine the Matter of the Petition of the Commissioners and Trustees named in an Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Year of hisprefetrt Majesty's Reign, for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Hythe 11T at

Cplchester

Chanel

Navigation,

*c.

900 i 18 Februarii. A. 1749-

at Colchester, in the County of to Wivenhoe;

and of several Merchants, considerable Traders, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Town, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants there:

And, to prove the Allegations thereof,

Part of an Act, of the 13 th Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further enlarging the Term granted by an Act, of the 9th and 10th Years of the Reign of William the Third, for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe; and for making the said Act, and another Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the 'First, for enlarging the Term granted by the said Act of the 9th and loch Years of the Reign of King William the Third, more effectual; was read, as follows:

" And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the " Commissioners hereby appointed, or the major Part of " them, that shall be present at any of their Meetings as herein after-mentioned, after payment of the Charge " and Expence of obtaining this present Act, which they " are hereby authorized and required to pay out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of the Receiver-General, or due or in Arrear as aforesaid, to place or " lay out in the Purchase of Lands, or on Mortgage, in the Name of Ibme Trustees to be appointed by them, " with proper Powers, in such Purchase or Mortgage Deeds, to continue the Trust, such Sum or Sums of " Money which shall be in the Hands of the Receiver General on the First Day of May 1740; and also to " place or lay out, in like manner, what shall be due " and owing as aforesaid, so soon as the same shall be recovered and received by such Receiver-General; so that " the Rents and Profits arising out of such Lands, and " the Interest of such Mortgage or Mortgages be applied " and disposed of by the said Commissioners, or the " major Part of them that shall be present at any of their Meetings as hereafter-mentioned, in the Support and y Maintenance of the said Lock, and cleansing of the " laid Chanel, for ever hereafter, in such manner as the " Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think " proper." Then,

Mr. Charles Whalley, Executor to the late Mr. Blateh, said, That the Balance remaining in Mr. Match's Hands on the lftof May 1740 was £.678 16 o{: And, being aiked, whether that Balance had been laid out in Lands or on a Mortgage? he said, It had not been applied to either of those Purposes; but had beenlaid out for Works -done about the same Navigation, as was expressed in the Vouchers for the fame, several of which Vouchers he produced to the Comjuittee; and he believed it had been applied as expressed in the Vouchers.

And being aiked, whether he thought such Disposition of the Money a Dissipation or Mi (application ? he laid. He thought it against the Meaning of the Act, which mipowers the Commissioners to lay the Money out in Lands, or on a Mortgage; and th^t was all his Reason for thinking it so.

That he thinks the Duty of per Chalder, added to £. 20a Year (which would have been the Interest of the

Money in Mr. Blatch's Hands as aforesaid) would have teen sufficient, wit h good Management, to have answered all the Purposes of the Navigation; and that the Duty of 3^. a Chajder on Coals would, amount, to jt.90 or £.100 a Year.

Being aiked, if the laying out the Money the Commissioners had expended was not necessary for the said Navigation ? he Lid, He thought not: That £. 500 had been paid Mr. Freshfield, which he believed had been laid out, on the said Navigation, in an unnecessary Manner; for that, in his Opinion, the River would have been better without the Lock: That, in the Opinion of the Witneb, they might have gone on without laying out £.500, though he foelfeves thej Commissioners laid that Sum out to the best of their Knowlege, for the Benefit of

the Navigation; but that he is not a proper Judge what Repairs are necessary.

That it is necessary for Trade to have the River navigable; and the Streets paved; and that he would be glad to contribute largely for those Purposes.

The last Witness having mentioned Mr. Freshfield's receiving £. 500, your Committee thought proper to examine Mr. Freshfield to that Point: Who said.

That he had received of Mr. Blateh about £.494, which had been applied to the widening, depthening, taking off Points, and to other Works in the said River:

That those Works were of absolute Necessity to preserve the Navigation, which was the lole Point the Commis-Coners had in View in the Application of that Sum; ndr could the Purposes have been ctfeftually answered for lets Expence; for that, at the time this Sum was bid out, the Chanel was so bad, as not to be navigable, and there was not time to apply to Parliament; and that it was the Opinion of the Witness, as a Commissioner, and the general Sense of the Commissioners, that they had Right to lay out the Monty in that manner.

Mr. Box said. That he was at work on the Chanel in 1742 and 1743: That the Works then performed were of absolute Necessity for preserving the Navigation, and were performed at a very great Expence; but he cannot exactly say how much: Then,

Mr. InneWy One of the Commissioners, produced the Book of the Commissioners Proceedings; and an Entry thereof, on the 16th of January 1743, was read; whereby it appeared, That the said Sum of^.494 had been applied by Order of the said Commissioners; who declared, in the said Order, that they thought it absolutely necessary for the said Navigation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more effectual several Act s of Parliament of King William the Third, of the 5th of King George the First, and of the 13th of his present Majesty, for cleansing, repairing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of and for repairing the Lock, and cleansing the said Chanel; and for repairing the Streets of the Town of Colchester:

And that Mr, Najfuu and Mr. Rigby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common-Council, of the Town of Tp"*

in the County of the Town of N Tyne, in e Common-Council assembled, was presented to the House, and read; Letting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the First Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen a Court of

Conference waserested at Newcastle upon , and that the said Court of Conscience is of very great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Town; but that, the said Act, not being a publick Act, many Inconveniencies have arisento the bid Inhabitants: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given for a Clause to be inserted, in the Bill depending in the House for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesexand for the more easy and speedy Recovery of (mail Debts in the said County Court; to declare, for the time to come, that the said Act, intituled.

An Act for erecting a Court of Conscience at Newcastle upon Tyne, be a publick Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Wright presented to the House, according to LeictRer Order, a Bill for appointing a regular and able Watch Street*, in the Borough of Leicester; and for enlightening and cleansing the Streets there; and for repairing the publick Pumps and Wells within the said Borough, and Parts thereunto adjoining: And the same was received; and read the First tim?.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

.A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Bramptw

23 Geo. II. i 2* Febru&rii' 99*

and continued by Two A«fls of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Bridge to

ford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Poll Road from Mortar-pit Hill to Chain leading into Market llarborough, in the County of

eefler-, and for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Blortar-pit Hill ami Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton-,was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir. Edmund lsham, Sir John MolesworthMr. Compton, Sir John Cujl, ^JMr. Wtiles, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Jpyfter, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Barbor, Lord Strange, Mr.

Mr. Finch, Mr. Proiy, Mr. Mr. Mr. Fane,

' Mr. Whitehead, Mr. Fello-wes, Mr. Hoblyn, General Onslow, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. West, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Aiston, Mr. Legge, Mr. Bathurst, Mr. ') orke, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hampden, Lord Cage, Lord Bateman, Admiral Vernon, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Mr Frederick, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Sir Peter Thompson; and all the Members who l'erve for the Counties of Northampton, Bucks, Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

St. Martin in Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to Fields whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names ajne thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Martin in the F.elds, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster, on behalf of themselves, and the other Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. James Williams said. That the said Parish is very, extensive, very, populous, and a great Number of poor Persons to be taken care of.

That in the said Parish there are Nine Wards, and, by t&e Laws in being, only Four Overseers can be appointed; which, by Experience, have been found to be too few to make, the Collections within the Time allowed, and to do the other Duties incumbent on Overseers of die Poor, without totally neglecting their own Business.

That the Scavengers in the said Parish are generally very young Inhabitants, who contract with Rakers to clean the Streets for what Money they can coiled j and are imposed upon by the Rakers, and the Streets left in a very dirty Condition; oftentimes great Heaps of Dirt. are left in the Streets.

Mr. Walter Hatton confirmed the Evidence of Mr. James Williams.

Mr. Peter Russell laid, That the Streets in the said Parish are Iftpt io & Very'dirty Manner; and the Pavetne/ps ie many Places are so broke up, as to make it dangerous -for Passengers, which is another Reason the Streets are not better cleanled.

Mr. James Williams furthersaid; That, in collecting the Rates for the better Regulation of the Nightly Watch; it often happens, that Persons liable, to pay to the said Rates are removed out of the Parish; and that the Petitioners have no Power to follow thtminto another Parish, to oblige them to pay to the said Rates.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for iriaking a better anfl more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor; for the cleaning and paving the Street and for the keeping a Nightly Watch, within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westmittfler: And that Sir Peter Warren and Mr. Barbor do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

eshomberg's An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat- for naturalizing Isaac Schomberg, Doctor in Physick, was . read a Second time.

Vol. 45.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. West, Mr. Mr. Tracy, General Onslow, Sir

Francis Poole, Mr. Yorke, Sir RickardMr.

Mellish, Mr. Northey, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sandys, Mr>

Clayton, Lord Dalkeith, Mr Turner, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Proby, Mr. Gybbon, Lord Dupp/in, Lord Strange, Mr. BrookJbSnk, Mr.

Mr. Proufe, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Har-

ley, Mr. Faznkerley, Mr. Walpole, Major Fairfax, Kdr,

Lyttelton, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Lyftir, Mi*. Feltozves,

Mr. Hay, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Nassau, Mr. Smythe;

Mr. Aljton, Mr. Chetwynd, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Burrell, Sir William Calvert, Lord Robert Manners: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of thie Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1 ‘ x

Ordered, That the Royal African Company of England African do lay befort this Hotile, the said Company's Cash Books, Company, from the Year 1728.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House their Invoice Books, from 1743, outwards. ‘

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House their Invoice Books, from 1743, inwards.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House their Secretary's Books of contingent Charges* from 1728.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House their Receipt Book for Bonds, from 1743.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay before this House the Minute Book of their Court of Assistants, from 1728.

Ordered, That the said Company do lay befort this House their General Court Book, from 1728.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Com- S pp y mitteeofthe whole House, to whom it wa^referred to coj'" fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty»

Rcfolritions which the Committee had directed hit*1 report to the House; which he read in his Place aI) afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Corntni*^c»

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-seven thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account of the reduced Officers of his Majesty's Land Forces and Marines* for the Year 1750.

Resolved, That it isrthe Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five thousand Four hundred Eighty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Seven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1749, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ThataSum, not exceeding Forty-six thousand Eight hundred and Forty-nine Poun Is Eleven Shilling* and Test-Pence, be granted to his Majesty (out of the Monies or Savings, arising from th6 Pay °.f the Land' Forces, in the Hands'of the Pay matter--General of his Majesty's Land Forces) towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1749, and not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five thousand Six hundred Seventy-four Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty (out of the Monies or Savings, on the Head of Forage anti Provisions, voted for the auxiliary Troops of Russia, and on the Subsidies to the Landgrave of HeJJe Caffell, Elector of Bavaria, and Duke of Wo/fenbuttle, in the Hands of the Paymaster General

of his Majesty's Land Forces) towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services, incurred in the Year 1749> a°d not provided for by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opi lion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding T vo hundred and Seventy

fiv»

lower Banv letsru ill Debts,

Privilege.

Ways ami Mean?,

994

five thousand Seven hundred Thirty-six Pounds Five Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make good the Deficiencies of the Grants for the Year *749-

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Setond time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Petition of Samuel Plumm George and

William Monk, Attornies of the Court of the King's Palace of Westminster, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, by virtue of and under Letters Patent granted by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, bearing Date the Fourth Day of October, in the Sixteenth Year of his Reign, have been severally admitted to their Office of an Attorney of the said Court (the Jurisdiction whereof extends Twelve Miles round Westminster-hall, the City of London excepted)}'and, as such, have Freeholds in their said Offices, and, in respect thereof, are severally charged and pay to the Land Tax, after the Rate of One hundred and Twenty-five Pounds a Year; and that the Duty of such Attornies is to sue out all Writs, and prosecute and defend all Suits, in the said Court; and, by means of the Business transacted there, a large Revenue arises to his Majesty from the Stamp-Duties; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill, now depending before the House, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the 'Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the same Hamlets, should pass into a Law, the Right, and Interest of the Petitioners in their respect iveOfficts will necessarily be' greatly impaired; and inasmuch as this House has, on ajl Occasions, shewn the tendered: Regard to the Freeholds and Properties of the Subject; and that the Petitioners have, for several Years last past, made the Business of such Offices their principal Study and Employ-, ment: Therefore praying, That they may be permitted, by their Counsel, to submit their same to the Considera-. tion of the House; or that, by the said Bill, if the same shall pass into a Law, such Relief may be provided for the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee,-upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Privileges and Elefftions, That the Matter of the Complaint made to the House upon the 31st Day of January last, That, in Breach of the Privilege of thi % House,

Welsh, an Officer in the Marshal's Court, in Company with Hi Hi am Snead, Morris, and another Person whose N^me is unknown, did, upon Wednesday the 17th Day of the said January, enter the House of Thomas Mathews Esquire, a Member of this House, and arrest IVilium Pinchbeck, a menial Servant of the said Mr. Mathews, in an Action in which William Pratt was Plaintiff, and John Lewis of Clifford's Inn was Attorney for the Plaintiff, except so much of the said Complaint as relates to the said John Lewis, be heard, before the said Committee, upon Wednesday Scvennighl.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That, this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means forraifing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

1749.

Mart is, 13* die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IP* Regis, 1749.

P R A y e K s.

ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to limit the Time for killing the Game within this Kingdom, for the better Preservation of the Breed thereof: And that Colonel Leighton and Sir Nathanael Curzon do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds within the Manor of Culcheth, in the County of Lancaster, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Shul-tleworth, Mr. Clayton, Sir Hath. Curzon, Mr. Barry, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Mundy, Lord Duppl'm, Mr. ney, Mr. Montague, Mr. Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Batring-ton, Mr. Proxvfe, Sir Thomas Egerton, Colonel Haldane, Doctor Lee, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Finch, Mr. Godolph'tn, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Corny ns, Mr.

Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Willes, Mr. Southwell, Sir Edm. Thomas-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, Chester, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, paised in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making a free Market for the Sale of Fish in the City of Jter; and for preventing the Forestalling and Monopolizing of Fish; in order to render the said Act more effectual for the regular and well supplying the Markets of London and Westminster with Fish; was read a Second time.'

Resolved, That the BiM be committed to Lord Baltimore, Mr. Northey, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Willes, Lord Egmont, Mr. Potter, Mr. Prowse, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Torke, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Popham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Boone, Sw jobn Hynde Cotton, Mr. Proby, Mr. Mundy, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sydenham, General Onslow, Mr. Plumptte, Mr.

Mr. Gybbon, Mr. O/ftey, Mr. Reynolds, Lord Parker, Lord1 Gage, Lord Strange, Mr. Sandys, Mr.

Mr. Pitt, Sir John Cust, Mr. Ord, Colonel,

Mr. Barry, Mr. Bathurst, General Oglethorpe, Sir John Abdy, Mr. Comptroller, Mr. Trenchant, Mr. Neale, Mr. Archer, Mr. Yorke; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Effete: And-they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for enabling Beckford Kendall Esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Gattr, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bitt'do past: And that the Title be. An Act for enabling Beckford Kendall Esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Cater, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater.

Ordered, That Mt.'Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and qpntinued by Two former Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making the said Acts more effectual; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Strange, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Lyfler, Mr. More ton, Mr. Mr. Geo.

Montague, Mr. Allgood, Lord Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Hay, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Mr. Potv-

nty.

12° — "*i 30

Pres<*rvatioa ot Game.

Cufcheth

Inclosunt*

Westminster Fish Market.

Kendall*

Name*

Wigan

Road#.

23 Geo. II. Februarii, 993

uey, Mr. Affleck, Mr. ShiMr. Yorke, Mr. Pane, Mr.

Bathurfi, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr. , Mr. Oswald, Mr. Boone, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Wilier, Mr. Hume Campbell, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Thomas Mr. Fellowes,

Mr Gray, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Bar bar. Major Fairfax, Mr.

Mundy, Mr. Wilson, Lord Parker, Mr. Potter, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Offley, Sir Henry Monro, Mr. Mr.

Salufbury, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Barry, Mr. Aldworth, S'njohn Abdy, Mr. Finch, Lord VereBeauclerk, Colonel Fane, Mr. Gore, Mr Gower, Lord Egmont, Mr. Boone, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Neale, Mr. Charles Tow*Jhend\ and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Lancaster, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Creditors A Petition of the several Creditors of the Royal mf African Can Company of England, whole Names are thereunto Company. subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the just and bona fide Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are surprifcdand alarmed to find the Royal African Company (after such solemn and repeated Declarations of their utter Inability) now receding from the Proposal by them made to this House last Year; and offering, by their present Petition, to take upon themselves the satisfying of their Debts, though alleged to amount to about One hundred and Thirty thousand Pounds; and that, from the Company's present distressful Situation, the Petitioners conceive but little Likelihood of their being able in a great Number of Years, if ever, to satisfy and discharge so large a Sum; and the fatal Experience they have had of the Company's Treatment of their Creditors, the Delire insinuated in their said Petition, of being enabled to make some Agreement for their Debts, and the Suspicions of late endeavoured to be raised against the trading Part of the Creditors, as if they had taken unjust Advantages of the Company's Necessitics, afford but too much Reason to suspect, that the Company's Intentions are (how flourishing soever their Circumstances may hereafter prove) to force their Creditors into a Composition, by litigating their most just Demands; And that, to obviate lo false and injurious an Aspersion, and to give the House the strongest Afl'urance and Satisfaction of the Fair-nefsof these Demands, the Petitioners, and others of their Fellow-Sufferers (whose Claims amount to about Fifty thousand Pounds) have voluntarily verified the same by Affidavits, whereby it will appear, that most of the Debts which have accrued for Goods, Work, and Materials, were contracted upon express Promises on the Part of the Com-pany;and in full Expectation, on the Part of the Creditors, of immediate Payment out of the Aids from time to time granted by Parliament for the Support of the said Company's Forts and Castles on the Coast of; and that this House having, last Session, in tender Compassion of the ill Treatment and Distrelfes of the said Creditors, been generously pleased to take them under their Protection, the Petitioners trust they shall not be again left at the Mercy of the Company, or to the Hazard of a precarious Undertaking: And therefore praying the House, That they may continue under the Protection of Parliament, which, as they esteem to be their highest Honour and Security, they shall ever with the utmost and most rc-spectful Gratitude remember and acknowlege.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

African A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, the principal Trade. Tradesmen, and Inhabitants, of the ancient Corporation of Rippon, &c. was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That a pernicious Scheme has been formed, and offered to Parliament, by some West-India Planters in London, to deprive the Out-ports of this Kingdom, and all the rest of the British Subjects, of that Liberty and Trade to the African Coasts which they now enjoy, and to have this Branch of foreign Commmerce confined solely to themselves, as an exclusive Joint-Stock Company; and that the Petitoners conceive, to discourage Trade in Voi. 25.

the Out ports, and to confine it so London', tfiuft be attended with many mischievous Consequences to the Nation in general; and that all Monopolies, oi1 exclusive Companies, in Trade, must be certainly a great Hindrance to the Extensionand Improvement of it: And therefore praying. That the House will take it into Consideration i and that all the British Subjects, without Distinctioti, may be continued in their full Enjoyment of that Trade to all the different Parts of the African Coast which they have long possessed, and which for many Years past has been by Experience found in the highest Degree beneficial to this Nation j and that no Part of the Inhabitants of this Kingdom may be put under any distinguishing Dif-couragements in the Prosecution of any Branch of it.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Pres African ton, in the County of Lancaster, was also presented to the Trade. House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend the Scheme which is offered in Parliament, by a few in the City of London, to confine the Trade to the Coast of Africa, in Part or in Whole, to a Joint-Stock trading Company, will, if carried into Execution, be greatly prejudicial to the general Good of this Kingdom, and particularly to the Out-ports of it, this being the principal Branch of foreign Commerce they have to be concerned in: And therefore praying, That the Trade to Africa, in all its Parts, may dill continue open and free to every British Subject, which, by long Experience, hath been found the only effectual Way to support, improve, and extend it; and that the lelfilh Views of a few may not prevail to deprive the rest of their Fellow-Subjects of any of their Rights of Trade, or to put them under any distinguishing Disad vantages in the Exercise of them.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Charles Townshend presented to the House, acc5>p4"

of Iron from

ing to Order, a Bill to encourage the Importation o 0 America, and Bar Iron from America; and to prevent the of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling . M the British Colonies there: And the same was recei , and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second tit116 uP°n this Day Fortnight.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, to wfftWOod whom the Bill for repairing the Road leading from West. Gat* Road*. wood Gate, in the Parish of Knotting, in the County of Bedford, over Ditchford Bridge, through the Towns of Kettering and Rothwell, in the County of Northampton, to the Town of Market Harborough, in the County of -cefier, was committed, That the Committee had considered the several Petitions to them referred, relating to the said Bill; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the Bill, with the Amendments, beingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J^' , 154.

Tellers for the Noes, j ^JtytftZ': } 208.

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Thomas Pitt, according to Order, reported, from Llm:tin(, the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Service in the limiting respective Times at, and Conditions upon, which. Ar every Non-commission Officer or Soldier now, or who

994

may hereafter be such, in his Majesty's Land Service, shall be intitled to be discharged from the said Service, notwithstanding a Number of Forces by Land shall, by Authority of Parliament, be kept on Foot, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill j and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughput; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Merctirii) 14° die Februarii;

Anno 43* Georgii II4‘ Regis, 1749.

Praters.

Prosecutioa A BILL to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and for Perjury. ±\_ Subornation of Perjury, more ealy and effectual, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

' next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the said Bill.

w , Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to and Means, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That, the Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Christ last, of the additional Duties upon all Wines imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon by an Act of the 18th Year of his Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at C last, of the Rates and Duties on Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages, over and aboye sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments charged thereon by the several Acts of Parliament of the aoth Year of his Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies remaining in the Exchequer at Christmas fest, of the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, over and above sufficient to satisfy the Annuities, and other Payments charged thereupon by an Act of the 21st Year of his Majesty's Reign, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may hare Leave to lit again.

d. 1749-

Reftdved, That this House Will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means, for tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for theiHouse to Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

_ Refqlved, That this House.will, upon Monday Morning

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Allen and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act MandrotV, for naturalizing John Peter Mandrotand Lewis &c* ^at*

with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Beauchamp Proctor reported from the'Com- Fulham mittee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and *,oads-Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendment was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the British

whole House, to consider further of the State of the Fishery.

British Fishery.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Lord Fere BeaucleMr. , Sailcloth Mr. Whichcote, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Fazakerley, be added to Manufac-

the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Mer- ture* chants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sailcloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Ordered, That Colonel Morgan, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Tower Revel, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Laroche, Sir Henry Marshall,

Mr. White, Mr. Hay, Mr. Turner, be added to the Com- S"iJ1 mittee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, ana in the Liberty of his Majesty's Towe of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

13 — -14® Februarii.

z3 Geo. II. 15 0 Februa

jovis, 15® Februafii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi R$gis, 1749.

Praybbi.

ambn2l!g ORDERED, That the proper Officer do lay before

this House, an Account shewing how many of the Bonds are discharged in full, and in Part, and how much thereof which have been given for the Re-exportation of Cambricks, since the Palling of the Act of the Eighteenth Year of his present Majesty'sReign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, together with an Account of what Cambricks have been re-exported since the passing of the said Act.distinguishing the Quantities of the fame, against the rel'peftive Bonds so discharged in the Whole, or in Part.

African Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Melvil do this Day attend Trade, the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

ripen re- Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pursuant to

feeding their Address to his Majesty,

Captives m Copy of his Grace the Duke of Bedford?* Letter to orocc°' Mr. Latton, dated 15th April 1748: And also,

Copy of Mr. Lattons Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, dated Gibraltar, 4th November 1748; inclosing. Translation of the Alcaide of Tetuan's Letter to Mr. Latton.

Extract of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, ad December 1748.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the puke of Bedford, Tetuan, loth January 174-!-.

Extract of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Tetuan, 2d March 174-f; inclosing,

Translation of the Emperor Muley A b dal la'* Letter to Mr Latton, 3d February 174-yi and Copy of the Memorial of Fifty-two Captives in Barbary, 9th February 1743-.

Extract of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Tetuan, 16th March 174-f; inclosing.

Lift of his Britannick Majesty's Subjects released in

Tetuan from Captivity, 16th March 174L Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of

Bedford, Tetuan, nth April 1749.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, aoth April 1749; inclosing,

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to the Emperor Abdalla at New Fez, the 5th of April 1749; Copy of Edzvari Fitzgerald's Letter to Mr. Latton, dated New Fez, the a 2d of April 1749; and Copy of the Petition of Twenty-seven Slaves to Mr.

Latton.

"Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Tetuan, 9th May 1749; inclosing.

Copy of an Extract of a Letter from the Four Slaves at Fez to Mr. Latton, 16th April 1749.

Copy of a Translation, from SpaniOi, of the Merchants in Tetuan Certificate to Mr.; and,

Copy of Mr. Latton'S Obligation to Hadge Mohamet Toomim.

Copy of Mr. Wests Letter to Mr. Aldworth, 1 ath May 1749J inclosing.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to the Lords of the Treasury, Tetuan, 8th April 1749} and Copy of the Minute of the Lords of the Treasury.

Copy of Mr. Aldworth's Letter to Mr. West, 25th May 1749; inclosing,

Copy of his Grace the Duke of s Letter to

Mr, Sollicojfrt, 3d December 1743; and,

Extract of his Grace the Duke of s Letter to

Mr. Latton, 24th May 1746.

Vol. 25,

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Puke of Bedford, Tetuan, 28th May 1749; inclosing,

Copy of the Certificate of the European Merchants. Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of

Bedford, Tetuan, 29th May 1749.

Copy of Mr. Aldworth's 'Letter to Mr. Scrope, 7th June 1749. . {

Copy of Mr. Serope's Letter to Mr. Aldworth, 13th June 1749 j inclosing*

Account of Mr. Ltf//0«'s'Expences, collected from his Letter of 1 ith April 1749.

Copy of his Grace the Duke of Bedford's Letter td Mr. Latton, i^th June 1749.

Extract of his Grace the Duke of Bedford's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 15th June 1749.

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's 'Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, , 24 O. S.

1749; inclosing,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to Mr.

Latton, zq July ij4.9 i and.

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to Mohamet Toomim, Alcaide of

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Tetuan, 27 July, 1749.

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, ill August 1749;

inclosing.

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to the Alcaide of Tetuan, 1 August 1749.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, Tetuan, 23 July 1749.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, Tetuan, 27 July 1749.

Copy of an Estimate, made up for Mr. Latton, of the Money supposed he has laid out for the Publick, 2nd . what is ftiil wanting to pay the whole Demand ? and,

Copy of the Alcaide of Tetuas Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 6 August, N. S. 1749.

Extract of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 10 1749-

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 17 August 1749 t inclosing,

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, Tetuan, 14 August 1749; and,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to the Alcaide of Tetuan, 17 August 1749.

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 29 August 1749, inclosing,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to the Alcaide of Tetuan,26 August 1749; and,

Translation of a Spanish Letter from Mohamet Toomim, Alcaide of Tetuan, to Lieutenant-General Bland, 1 September 1749, N. S.

Extract of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 10 QH. 1749, O. S. inclosing,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to the Alcaide of Tetuan, 25 Sept. 1749.

Extract of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 13 Obi. 1749* O. S. inclosing,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Blands Letter to the Alcaide of Tetuan, Gibraltar, 13 Obi. 1749.

Translation of the Alcaide of Tetuan's Protest, to Obi. 1749 and of his Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 29 Sept. 1749 and,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to Mr, Latton at Tetuan, Gibraltar, 12 OH. 1749, O. S. Copy of his Grace the Duke of Bedford's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 19 Obi. 1749.

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 21 Obi. & *74?; inclosing.

Copy

L

150 Februarii.

A. 1749.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, Tetuan, 18 OS. 1749; and,

Translation, from the Spanijk, of the Alcaide of

Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 29 Oft. 1749.

Ext raft of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 27 Oft. 1749; inclosing,

Copy of Lieutenant-General "s Letter to Mr.

Latton, Gibraltar, 23 Oft. 1749; and,

Copy of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to the Al caide of letuan, Gibraltar, 23 Oft. 1749.

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Tetuan, to November 1749.

Ext raft: of Lieutenant-General Blanks Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 11 Nov. 17491 inclosing,

Copy of Mr. Latton's Letter to Lieutenant-General > Bland, Tetuan, 1 Nov. 1749.

Copy of the Alcaide of Tetuan's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 10 Nov. 1749; and,

Estimate of Goods taken up from the Merchants of Tetuan.

Extract of Lieutenant-General Bland's Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, Gibraltar, 1 Dec. 1749; inclosing,

Translation of the Alcaide of Tetuan's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 19 Nov. 1749.

Extract of his Grace the Duke of Bedford's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 11 Dec. 1749.

Extract of his Grace the Duke of Bedford's Letter to Lieutenant-General Bland, 25 Dec. 1749.

Copy of the Memorial of Twenty-seven Subjects at Tetuan in Barbary.

Copy of the Memorial of John Pearce, concerning British Captives in Barbary.

Copy of Lieutenant-General £Za»<fsLetter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, 11 January 174-jV; inclosing,

Copy of an Account between Mr. Latton and Mr. Thomas Tierney.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perul'ed by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

hi°f S'r William Calvert reported from the Committee, to America w^otn l^e Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throw-fters, Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw, and thrown Silks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand labouring People depending upon the Silk Trade was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of Fast contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It appeared by several Accounts presented to the House from the Commissioners of the Customs, and reterred to your Committee, together with the Evidence of several Witnesses examined thereon, that the Exportation of wrought Silk has of late Years very much increased, and the Importation of wrought Silk has very much decreased: For,

Mr . Daniel Gobbi, who has been a Silk Weaver 45

Years, said. That great Quantities of raw Silk have of late Years been manufactured into thrown Silks, and afterwards into Silks and Velvets: That this Manufacture has been increasing, from Year to Year, even since the Witness began Business, and is now more than sufficient for Home Consumption: That great Quantities of the said Manufacture had been exported to foreign Parts, particularly Tabbies to France, and flowered Silks to Germany; and that he has exported of late several Thousand Pounds worth of wrought Silk from Chester to Ireland.

Mr. John Sabatier said, That, for Two or Three Years 24

last past, he has exported wrought Silk from Chester for Ireland, to the Amount of Two or Three thousand Pounds per Annum.

Mr. Lewis Chauvet, who has been a Silk Weaver 17 Years, said. That he has exported great Quantities of wrought Silks to France, and other foreign Parts; and that the Manufacturers of England could make double the Quantity sufficient for Home Copfumption, if a necessary Supply of raw Silk could be obtained.

Mr. James Crockatt, Merchant, said, That, for Ten Years last past, he has exported, One Year with another. Silks of English Manufacture, to the Amount of£. 2,000 per Annum, to the Colonies of Jamaica and South Carolina', and that he don't export a Tenth Part of the -lish manufactured Silk that is lent to Jamaica only:

That the Silk which he has exported has been of various Species, from Fifteen Pence to Thirty Shillings a Yard; and he has likewise exported some Velvets:

That he is certain this Silk is English Manufacture, having bought it of the Weavers of Canterbury and Spittle-fields-, and the Witness has likewise heard, that we export Silk Stockings to Italy and Spain, which are esteemed better than those made in those Countries.

Mr. Samuel Lloyd, Merchant in the Silk Trade, informed the Committee, That he had resided a considerable time in Italy:

That the Supply of fine short raw Silk, proper to be worked by Engines, has been chiefly from Italy, some from Spain, and a small Quantity from China, likewise a small Quantity from the Southern Parts of France:

That he cannot say what Quantities have been imported from China; but that the Supply from thence is precarious, the East India Company not knowing what Species of Goods they shall import: That sometimesthey import more, sometimes less, and sometimes none at all; which last Circumstances has been the same for Five Years together:

That the Price of Italian and China Silk has been of late Years nearly the same; but there is some Difference in the Quality, and, if we could receive a certain Supply from China, the Witness is of Opinion, that it would not answer all Purposes:

That the Throwing ofSilk employs Children and infirm Persons.

Mr. Nathanael Pattison, a Merchant in the Silk Trade, said, That our Manufacturers are supplied with raw short Silk chiefly from Italy: That the China Silk is not fine enough in common for the Warp, but that he has had some as fine as any Italian: That the Turkey Silk is in general too coarle to be used for the Warp; and that China Silk, some Years, was imported as bad as the Turkey-, and that if a sufficient Quantity was imported from China, it would not serve all the Purposes; for the Manufacturers can depend on the Goodnels of the Italian Silk, but not upon that of China.

Mr. Samuel Lloyd, being further examined, said, That Prohibitions have been laid on the Exportation of all short raw Silk throughout all the Italian Principalities and States, as well as in Spain, inso much that his Correspondents in those Countries have found it impracticable to export such Quantities of raw Silk as have been already contracted and paid for; and he produced a Letter, dated Rome, 23 August 1749, to shew, that a Silk Manufacture had been set up in that City, and great Encouragement given thereto.

Mr. John Delamare produced several Letters from his Correspondents in Spain and Italy, several Paragraphs whereof were read; by which it appeared, That the said Prohibitions have been rigorously put in Execution in the respective Countries; and he also produced an Edict, dated July 2d, 1749, prohibiting the Exportation of short raw Silk throughout the Papal Dominions: And he informed your Committee, That the like Prohibition had been enforced and rigorously executed in Piedmont for Twenty Years last past; (o that what raw Silk has been exported from the other Parts of Italy for Six Months past has been by Stealth.

Mr.

23 Geo. II. 15 Fehru997

Mr. Twin Lloyd, who came from Italy last June, being examined, said, Several Manufactures for wrought Silks are erected at Parma, Pisa, and other Parts of Italy, to which all possible Encouragement has been given; and that the Troubles at Genoa has greatly contributed to the estab!idling those Manufactures, great Number of Artificers having been driven from thence to seek Shelter in other Parts of Italy.

To prove the Increase of the Price of thrown Silk, the only Species now allowed to be exported from Italy, Mr. John Delamare laid before your Committee several In-

voices; by which it appeared, That, on the 9th May 1749, he paid for a Bale of Bolonia Silk /. 254; and that, on the 28th November in the same Year, he paid for a Bale of the fame. Species and Quantity /. 340: That, on the 5th of March 1749, a Bale of Piedmont Silk cost him/. 189; and that, on the 8th of October in the same Year, a Bale of the same Species and Quantity cost him £.244, fb that the Price is advanced about 30 to 36 per Cent.-, the Reasonof which Advance, his Correspondents informed him, was from the great Demand: That the Silk Manufacture is so considerable, as to employ, in the Manufacture of Broad Silks only in 20,000

Persons.

Mr. Leivis Chauvet, being further examined, said. That he has been obliged to discharge 150 Persons, which was One-third of the Persons he uled to employ, and to put down several Looms, which was the same of the Weavers in general; and that this arose from the Scarcity and advanced Price of raw Silk.

To shew that a Supply of short raw Silk may be had from our Southern Colonies in

Mr. Job Rothmalher said. That he is well acquainted with the Province of South Carolina, which abounds with Mulberry-trees: That the Red Mulberry-tree is the natural Produce of the Country, and the White may be easily propagated: That the Growth of the Mulberry-tree is so quick, as to produce Fruit in Four or Five Years; and there being many Silk-worms there, they would make more Silk, if properly encouraged.

And it appeared to your Committee, by the Eyidence of Two Members present, That the Mulberry-tree proper for the Nature of Siik-worms soon grows to Perfection in the Southern Colonies, where there now are a great Number of Trees of that Sort, and some very large; and that they had known wrought Silks manufactured from the Silk produced from South Carolina.

Mr. Philip Lee said. That he is acquainted with the

Soil and Climate of Virginia, which abounds with Red and White Mulberry-trees, which are the natural Produce of the Country: That he has seen Silk-worms there, which have been destroyed for want of Care in the Winter.

That he likewise. knows the Province of North Carolina, and has been in a House there where they made a great Quantity of Silk.

Harman Vereljt Esquire said, That he received last Year Six Boxes of raw Silk from Georgia, consigned to him as Accomptant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America, containing, in the Whole, aoo Weight; and that he had received before, at different Times, 133 Pounds Weight, and upwards: And Mr. James Crockatt said, That he received last Year Four different Parcels of raw Silk from South , amount-

ing, in the Whole, to 226 Pounds Weight: And Mr. John Nicholson said. That he has received, within these Two Years last, about 100 Weight; and his Broker told him, it answered all the Purposes of Piedmont Silk.

Then Mr. John Batchelor, a Weaver, produced to your Committee Two Pieces of flowered Velvet, which he said he himself had made from Carolina and Georgia Silk: That this Species of the Silk Manufacture is the most difficult to work of any, and required the belt Silk; and that the Carolina and Georgia Slik answered the Purpose as well as any he had ever worked.

Mr. Thomas Mason laid before your Committee a Piece of light-brown Velluret, which he said was made of all Georgia Silk, received from Messieurs Lloyd, Wilson, and Voi. 25.

Company: That it worked as well as any Piedmont or Bolonia thrown Silk; and that the same would have taken any Colour.

Mr. William Wright, Clerk to Messieurs Lloyd, Wil-Jon, and Company laid. That the Silk sent to Mr. Thomas Mason was the same received from Harman Vereljt Esquire, Accomptant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; which was sent to -

to be thrown, and returned to Messieurs Lloyd, Wilson, and Company.

Mr. Peter Freemont, a Weaver, and Foreman to Mr. Delamare, laid before the Committee Two Pieces of Padualoy made of all Georgia Silk, received from Messieurs Lloyd, Wilson, and Company; that it worked,

both Warp and Shute, as well as any Piedmont or Bolonia Silk, and made rather less Waste.

Air. William Wright, Clerk to Messieurs Lloyd, Wilson, and Company, said. That the Silk sent to Mr. Peter Freemont was the same received from Harman Vereljt Esquire, Accomptant to the Trustees for establishing the Colony of Georgia in America; which was lent to Derby to be thrown, and returned to Messieurs Lloyd, Wilson, and Company.

Mr. Lewis Chauvet laid before the Committee a Piece of Black Taffety, worked after the Indian manner, which he said was made of all Carolina Silk, and that this Species of wrought Silk was made for Exportation chiefly: He also laid before the Committee several Pieces of Silk-Handkerchiefs of various Colours, worked after the /#« dian manner, which he said was made of all Carolina Silk, Warp and Shute: That the same worked as well as any Italian Silk, and with rather less Waste.

Mr. Danael Gob be laid before your Committee a Piece of scarlet Damalk, which he laid was made of all Georgia Silk, Warp and Shute; and that the same worked as well as any Italian Silk he had ever worked.

Then Mr. Samuel Lloyd laid before your Committee several Samples of organzine Carolina Silk, and also several Samples of organzine Georgia Silk} which being shewn to Mr. John Sabatier, Mr. Thomas Mason, and Mr. Daniel Gobbi, Weavers, they severally said. That the: same were as good as any organzine Piedmont or Bolonia Silk, and that they would give as much for them as for any Piedmont or Bolonia Silk.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Colonel Leighton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to limit the Time for killing the Game within this Kingdom, for the better Preservation of the Breed thereof: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Savage Moflyn be' added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, is referred.

Ordered, That all who come to the said Committee have Voices.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, That he will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Representation of the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, to the House of Lords, of the 23d of January 1733, in Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, pursuant to an Address of that House to his Majesty, of the 13th of June 1733, for an Account of, the Laws made. Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on, in any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, which may have affected the Trade, Navigation, and Manufactures, of this Kingdom.

xi X Ordered,

Preferratioa

of Game.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture.

Colonial Laws, See. assessing the Trade, of this Kingdom.

998

15* Febru

A. 1749.

Ordered, That the (kid Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most honourable Privy-Council.

Schomberg'i Mr. Salusbury reported from the Committee, to whom Nat. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Isaac , Doctor in Physic, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill inat the Clerk's Table.

Haddingtoan Sir Hugh Dalrymple reported from the Committee, to Road*. whom the Petition of the Freeholders and Heretors of the County of Haddingtoun, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, wasreferred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called; viz.

Mr. James Crokatt, Mr. Francis and Mr.

Charles Crokatt: Who, being severally examined, said, That they know the Roads leading from Dunglass Bridge to Haddingtoutt, and to a small Brook called Ravelfbaugh-burn (above ao computed Miles in Length, which is. Part of the Post Road from London to Edinburgh) j and thft Part thereof mentioned in the Petition is become lb deep and ruindus, that even in the Summer Season it is almost impafiable for Coaches, and other Carriages, and dangerous for Persons travelling on Horseback; and so narrow in fbme Parts, that Carriages cannot pass by each other.

And they further added to their Evidence, That the said Roads cannot, by the ordinary Method already provided by the Laws in being for that Part of the united Kingdom called Scotland, be sufficiently repaired, and kept amended, for the Accommodation of Travellers, unless fbme further Provision be made by Parliament for raising Money for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the Road leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of Haddingtoutt, and from thence to bttrn, in the County of And that Sir Hugh. Dalrymple and Mr. Fletcher do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

African A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Trade. Tradesmen, of the City of , was presented to the

/ House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners have been informed, That there is an Attempt made by the Royal African Company of England, which may tend to monopolize the Trade to the African Coast, which the Petitioners apprehend will greatly injure the Out-ports of this Kingdom, and prove hurtful to the Trade of the said City in particular; and that all his Majesty'sSubjects do now and have long enjoyed' the Benefit of that Trade, and that many of them have at this time the greatest Part of their Fortunes embarked in it: And therefore praying the House, That none of his Majesty's Subjects may be put under such distinguishingDiscouragements as must naturally arise from any. Monopoly of a. Branch of Trade, which, upon its present Footing has proved of such general Benefit to the Trade of this Kingdom.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-Council, free Burghers, and Freemen, of the Burgh of Appleby, in the County of Westmoreland, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have observed, that a Proposal is offered to Parliament to confine the Trade of the African Coast to the Port of Lon* don, and to deprive the Out-ports of these Kingdoms and all the rest of the British Subjects, of that Liberty of Trade which they now enjoy to the said Coast\ and that

the Petitioners are apprehctrfrve of the Danger that may arise to a Community from a Monopoly of any Kind:; And therefore praying. That all the British Subjects may be continued in the full Enjoyment of that free Trade to any Part of the African Coast, which they have long poffefted, and which has by Experience been found for many Years so beneficial to these Kindoms.

A Petition of the Merchants of the Town of Plymouth, trading to Africa and the British Plantations, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Trade to the Coast of Africa is of the utmost Consequence to this Nation, and to our British Plantations; and that past Experience has inconteftabiy proved, that this Trade has declined or flourished in proportion as it has been restrained, or left free and open; and that the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast might be rendered greatly serviceable to the Trade in general, if put under' such Regulations, as that all his Majesty's Subjects might equally enjoy the Benefit of trading with the Negro Merchants that live under the Protection of those Forts and Settlements; which the Petitioners apprehend they will be debarred of, if placed under the Direction of a trading Joint-Stock Company» and that some of his Majesty's Ships of War, properly stationed on that Coast, are and will be the greatest Security against the Encroachments of Rival Nations, the Insults ot Enemies, and the Ravages of Pirates: And therefore praying. That the Trade to the Coast of Africa may continue free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects (the Merchants of the said Town having sent Three Sail of Ships to the Gold Coast this lafi! Year); and that the said Forts and Settlements majrbe put under such Management as will be most conducive to this End; and that such Provision may be made for their Support and Maintenance as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Coosideration of the Committee of the wholo House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seventeen thousand Five hundred Fifty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten Pence, remaining in the Exchequer at Christmas last, being the Surplus of the additional Duties upon all Wines imported, over and abovesufficient to satisfy the Annuities charged thereupon, be applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 17 50.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Twenty-njne thousand Eight hundred Fifty-six Pounds One Shilling and Eleven Pence Half-peny, being the Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer at Michaelmas last 1749, of the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and Lights, and of the Duties on Coaches, and other Carriages, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon, be applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 1750.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Seventy-one thousand One hundred Sixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Sixpence, being the Surplus Monies remaining in the Exchequer, at Michaelmas last, 1749, of the Subsidy of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, after satisfying all Payments due thereupon, be applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Majesty for the Service of the Year 175b.

- The

Africa*

Trade.

Wav* and Me*

British

JFifhery.

Punishinj Mutiny and Desertion*

Duke of

Monmouth'*

forfeited

Estatea.

Bounties on Linens exported.

23 GEO. II. 15* Febntarii. 999

The said Resolutions, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon* agreed to by the House.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpeaccording tb Order, re-

ported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the British Fi Ihery, t he Re folut ions which the Commi ttee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth j viz.

Rtfblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the carrying oh the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries will be of great Advantage to the Trade and Navigation of these Kingdoms; and that all Impediments to the same ought to be removed as much as possible.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That as a further Encouragement to all Persons whatlo-ever, as well Bodies Politick and Corporate as others, to engage in the White Herring and Cod Fisheries, a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton be granted, and paid out of the Customs, to all new Vessels, from Twenty to Eighty Tons Burthen, which shall be built for that Purpose, and actually employed in the said Fishery.

Resolved, That if is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for encouraging Adventurers to employ their Money in the said Fisheries, a Society be incorporated, under the Name of The Free British Fishery, by a Charter hot exclusive, with Power to raise a Capital not exceeding 500,000 Pounds; and that Three Pounds Ten Shillings fer Centum per Annum be granted, and paid out of the Customs, to the Proprietors, for Fourteen Years, for so much of the Capital as is actually employed in the said Fisheries.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the Three last mentioned Resolutions: And that Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, the Lord Mr. Alderman

JonJJen, Sir James Lovether. Admiral Sir Riehard

Lloyd, Sir John Cust, and Mr. ,do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. AUen and Mr. Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters; without any Amendment: And all'o,

The Lords have agreed tb the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Leases and Estates, therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of and

andoffeveral Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of Lincolnt which were forfeited by James late Duke of put in

Exigent upon an Indictment of High Treason, to the Intent that the Loss of the Record of such Indictment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed, That Mr. Parsons, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ' House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament, an Account of the Bounties on British and Irish coarse Linens exported from , paid out of such Part of the old Subsidy as is applicable to the Payment of Incidents from Christmas 1748, to Christmas 1749, together with the Quantities for which the same were paid.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Vol. 25,

The laid Account is boufld up with the Other Papers Of this Session.

A Petition Of the several Merchants arid Traders of the City of London, and also of the Mailers and Owners

of Ships, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, in fitting out Ships and Vessels from the River Thames to foreign Parts, find great Advantage in employing such Ship-builders, Rope-makers* Mail-makers, Block-makers, Sail-makers, Ship-chandlers, and others, who inhabit upon the Banks of the River Thames, below London Bridge; and that great Numbers of the moll useful Artificers and, Tradesmen of that Sort retide, and carry on their federal Trades and Occupation* between London Bridge and the Parish of Saint Mary Rq~ t her hit h, on the Surry Side of the River Thames; and are obliged to rife at all Hours in the Night, as Accidents happen to Ships in the River , or otherwise* where their Assistance is necessary; and that by virtue of an Act made in the Iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for opening and making a new Road from the bast End of New Street, in the Parish of St. *John , to

and through the several Places therein mentioned, and for keeping the said Road In Repair for the future* a new Road is now opened through the Parishes of St. Mary Magdalen Bermondsey, St. Mary Rotherhith, and St. Nicholas and St. Pauls Deptford, whereby the Communica-

tion by Land between London and his Majesty's Dockyard at Deptford, and also the East India Warehouse at

Rotherhith, and his Majesty's Victualfing-Office* is less* by near Three Miles, than the old Road heretofore made use of: and that a Passage from London Bridge to Rotherhith, to enter upon such new Road* leads through the Parish of St. John Southwark, in which there are many narrow and inconvenient Streets and Lanes* now very dangerous to pals in the Night-time, for want of propetf Lights, and a weil-regulaled Watch; and will be much more so when the aforesaid new Road is perfectly finished and completed; whereas were an effectual Provision made for a Nightly Watch, arid proper Lights, it would not only be a great Security to the Persons and Properties of all his Majesties Subjects passing to Deptford Dock, and the other Places before-mentioned, in the Night-time; but also such regular Watch would be a great Safeguard against Fire's, that might dellroy great Quantities of naval Stores always reposited in Warehouseson the Banks of the River Thames, in those Parts, as also a great Help in case of Accidents by Fire amongst the Shipping in the River Thames; and that the Petitioners, being convinced so

freat a Good cannot be obtained without establishing a und for carrying the same into Execution, have applied to the Minister, Churchwardens, and other principal Inhabitants, of the said Parish of St. John who

declare, that they are ready and willing, for publick Utility, as well as their own Benefit, to raise amongst themselves a sufficient Sum to answer the Purposes aforesaid; but that the same cannot be effectuated without the Authority of Parliament: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and afford the Petitioners such Assistance therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hardinge, Lord Beauclerk, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Sir Peter Thompson, Mr. Torke, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John Cust, Mr, Charles Townshend, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Kynaston, Sir James Lowther, Mr. Lyster, Sir Danvers Osborn, Lord Baltimore, Sir Rich. Wrottesley> General Oglethorpe, Mf. Walpole, General Onslow, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Bayutun, Sir Francis , Mr. Barbor, Mr. Talbot, Mr. HumetSir Rich. Colpnel ton, Mr. Pinney, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Edw. . Mr.

Mortice, Mr. Bold, Colonel; and all the

Members who serve for the City of , and for the

Counties

Southwark

Streets,

African

Trade.

IO0O

15* Februarii.

A. 1749.

Counties of Surrey and-Xe»/; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers and Records.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Papers presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of this instant Fefrom the Commit sioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa;

Ordered, That the said Papers be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Petitions presented to the House in this Session of Parliament, relating to the Trade to Africa (which have not already been referred to the Consideration of the said Committee) be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,^"'^/OT . } 7«-

Tellers for the Noes,^j^ } 88-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Spooner do, upon Monday next, at Twelve of the Clock, attend the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the said Papers.

Ordered, That Mr. Zach. Bourrayau do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Matthew Mills do attend the said [Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That1 Mr. Tobias Frere do attend the said ‘ Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonas Langford do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Whitaker do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Maxwell do attend the said Committee at the fiune time.

Ordered, That Mr. Joseph Osborne Bruce do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Strode do attend the said ' Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Walker do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Jonas Maynard do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander Johnston do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Barclay do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Beeflon Long do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Gordon do attend the said Committee at the-'lame time:

Ordered, That Mr. John Gray do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Valentine Morris do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ashley do attend the said - Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Julines Beckford do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Dr ax do attepd the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Drax do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Mahon do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Je. French do attend the said Com* roittee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Garthdo attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Colleton do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Herbert do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hart do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Ashley junior do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Egan do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. J. Spooner do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Martin senior do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Walker do attend the said Committee at the same time. '*

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Melvil do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Sharpe, Agent for Jamaica and Barbadoes, do attend the said Committee at the same time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a Motion, Mandrot'*, it being after Four of the Clock: Nat,

And he moved the House accordingly:

Ordered, That the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Mandrot and Lewis Chabanel, be now taken into Confi-

deration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the fai>d Amendments into Consideration:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth , viz.

Pr. 1. L. 8. After " aforesaid," insert " William de " Druftna, Son of Hieronimus Henry de Drujina, by " Maria his Wife, born at Hamburgh , Henry Arther " Langkopf, Son of Arther Langkopf, by Dorothea his " Wile, born at Braunfckiveig in GermanyHerman Katenkamp. Son of John Katenkamp, by Elizabeth his " Wife, born at Bremen in Germany , and Tamary " faye. Wife of Isaac Houjfaye, of Colchester, in the " County of Essex, Gentleman, born in the Province of Georgia in Asia

Pr. 1. L. 18. After u Mandrot" leave out "and:"

L. 19. After " Chabanel J* insert " William de " Drujina, Henry Arther Langkopf, Herman Katenkamp,

" and Tamary HouJJaye:

L. 29. After " Mandrot" leave out " and:"

L. 30. After " Chabanel," insert " William de " Drujina, Henry Arther Langkopf, Herman Katenkamp,

" and Tamary Houjfaye

Pr. 2. L. 17. After " Mandrot," leave out " and}" and, after " Chabanelf insert " William de Drufina,

" Henry Arther Langkopf, Herman Katenkamp, and Tamary Houjfaye:"

L. ?6. After "Mandrot," leave out "?ndj" and, after " Chabanel," insert " William de,

" Henry Arther Langkopf, Herman Katenkamp, and Tamary HouJJaye

In the Title of the Bill, L. 2. leave out " and and, at the End of the Title, add " William de Druftna,

" and others:"

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay do carry the Bill to the Lords*., and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

a 3 <3 eo. II. 16" Februarii.

1001

Veneris, 16* die Februarii;

Anno 23* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 174.9.

Pra y e a s.

Answrr to IV/fR- Comptroller reported to the House, That their

Addreh. XVJl Address of Yesterday, That his Majesty would be

graciously pleased to give Directions, that the Copy of the Representation, therein mentioned, might be laid before this House, had been presented to his Majesty; and that his Majesty had commanded hint to acquaint this House, X'lut lie will give Directions accordingly.

Ditto. , Mr. Comptroller presented to the House, pyrfuant fa their Address to his Majesty, (upon which Address several Papers were by him Yesterday presented to the House) Extratft of Lieutenant-General s Letter to his Grace the Duke of Bedford, 15 January 174T\-.

And the Title of the said Extract was read.

Ordered, That the said Ext raft do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Extracts bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

trdultutn of Ordered, That it be an Inftrif£tion to the Gentlemen foreignParu* w^o arc appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to jkc. ' amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the

Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent inconveniencies atiiing from seducing Artificens in the Manufactures of Great Brit, la in;o foreign Parts, That they do ini'eft, in the said Bii!, a Clause or Clauses for the more cafy and l'peedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing'of Frauds an ! Abuses committed by Persons employed in tile Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Lined, Fuflian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of J mrneymen Dyers and Journeymen Hotprefiers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures j and for the better Payment of their Wages.

Datieson The Lord Dttpplin presented to the House, according s*lk* to Order, a Bill tur repealing the Duties now payable upon China raw Silk; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And the same was received i and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

of old The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for exe-Diaval store*, cuting the Office ot Loid High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty, an Account shewing how the Monies have been disposed of which have arisen from the Sale of old Naval Stores, from Christmas 17*0, to 1749.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Middled*. A Bill for preventing Delays and Expence& in the Small Debt*. Proceedings in the County Court of and for the more cafy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said County Court; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hcriinge, Sir IVm. B. Proper, Lord Barrington, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Edw. Walpole, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr. Yorke, Sir

John Turner, Mr. Northey, Mr. Burrell, Colonel Mr. Colleton, Mr. Torjonjhend, Mr. Sydenham, Lord Strange, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Gore, Mr.

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lyfier, Lord Parker, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Morton, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Campbell, Mr. Laj'celtes, Mr. EUis, Mr. Potter, Mr.

VOL. 2J.

Charles Gore, Lord Luxborough, Sir John , Sir John St. Aubin, Mr. Come wall, Mr. Compton, Mr. Child, Mr.

Medlycot, Mr. Oftvald, Lord Gage« Mr. Martin, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Vane, Mr Ttmfon, Mr MitcheMr. Bashurst,

Mr. Pinner, Mr. Dowdefivell, Mr. Fonereau, Mr.

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Bristow, Mr. , Sir

Edm. Isham, Mr. White, Mr. Talbot,\Admiral;

Mr. Legge, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hora. Walpole,

Mr. Hora. Walpole junior, Sir HughDalrymple, Sir Walter Blacket, Lord Hobart, Colonel Tow Mr. , Mr. Lyttelton; and all the Members who serve for the County of Middlesex, and the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Gibftm, late of London, Coal Factor tt -11 j now close Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleer, Bonds for was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Coal Duties, in the Year 1723 the Petitioner entered into Partnership with one Nicholas Furs, then a Coal Factor at the Port of London; and that the Management of the Affairs in the Counting-house was left to Furs, and the Business with -out-doors to the Petitioner; and that the Factors and Matters of Ships gave Bonds jointly for the Payment of the Duties, payable Three Months after Date; with a Proviso, that, in case the said Duties are paid within Sixteen working Days, the Obligors should be allowed 2 £ per Cent. Discount; and that the Collector and Comptroller of these Duties are to deliver all Bonds over to the Commissioners of the Customs, or their Solicitor, to be put in Suit if not paid within Fourteen Days after they become due; and that to induce the Petitioner to figri all. Bonds, and that he might but run Half the Risque*

Fun gave One. Bond to the Crown, in a large Penalty, to bq answerable for every thing the Petitioner engage for relating to the said Duties; and that the Fetitvoner carried on the Business in Partnership with Furs 17 29, which Partnership then expired; and the Pe 1 10 agreed to give Furs £. 300 a Year for TweWe fe,aJp j1 Condition he would quit the Business wholly to e ,~ tionet, which Annuity was paid; and, together */1 f urs

Slock; then drawn out of Trade, amounted to everal Thousand Pounds; and that, had the Bonds been regularly put in Suit, Furs mutt then have been e<lua"y answerable for the Debt as well as the Petitioner» anc* that from 1.72910 1742 the Petitioner carried on the Business intirely on his own Account, and usually paid about £.50,000 a Year Duties, having about One-fifth Part of the whole Business; and although, from the Hurry and Confusion of the Collector's Office, the Petitioner could not get his Bonds regularly delivered up, and those he,

did receive, some of them were cancelled, and others not; be dill continued to pay his Money daily, as the Loss of 2f per Cent. Discount on the Sum he dealt for must fbon have proved his Ruin; yet, as this was the same of other Factors as well as the Petitioner, he retted satisfied; And that Mr. James Deacon, Collector of these Duties upwards of Thirty Years, died in 1742; and, soon after his Death, several Hundred Bonds, given by the Mailers of Ships and Factors, most of them in the Years 177.3, €724,

1725, 1726, 1727, 17*3, 1729, and all of them before the Year 1737, were found in his House, and not under the Comptroller's Lock and Key, where they ought to have been, if unpaid, as other Bonds were; many of them wrote on the Back "Paid;" and the Day of the Month when, the Seals tore off others, and the rest uncancelled, amounting together, as the Petitioner is informed, to the Sum of £. 200,000 and upwards; and that the Petitioner being informed by the Commissioners of the Customs, that an Extent would be taken out against him; and there being Three Bonds then due, to the Value of about £. 350, and others growing due, which, together, would amount to about £. 4»5°° (^he whole Balance then owing by the Petitioner, had the Bonds been regularly delivered up when paid, as they ought to have been), lie, before the Extent was executed, deposited with Mr.

Hughes, foi rhc Commissioners of the Customs, Cash Notes

11 Y w

1002 i 6° FebruariA. 1749.

to the Value of about £. 1,700, delivered a Bill of Sale for One Ship, and Freight then due, worthy. 1,500, and assigned over his Property in Parts of Several Ships worth £. 1,600, amounting, in the Whole, to £.4,800; whereupon the Petitioner waited on the Commissioners of the Customs, who informed him, that by the Accounts of the Collector, and also by the Examination of the Comptroller, his Debt appeared to be near £. 8,000; and that this greatly surprised the Petitioner, well knowing his Debt could not exceed £. 4,500 as aforesaid; and that in leis than an Uourafteran Officerwentinto hisCounting-house, seized his Books and Papers, and about £.2 or £.300, in Calli; and some Days after all his Goods and Effects, to the Value of about £.450; so that what was deposited, and what was seized by virtue of the said Extent, amounted to about £.5,450; and that the pretended Debt-of £. 8,000, must be made up by tacking the old Bonds of almost Twenty Years Handing (which ought to have been delivered up or cancelled) to those Three whichwerc just then due, notwithstanding the Collector is obliged to pass his Accounts annually; and as Deacon had passed his Accounts to Christmas 1737, and had a Quietus ejl thereon,

the old Ponds, if they had not been then paid, ought to have been delivered over long since, to be put in Suit: And alleging. That the Petitioner has given full Satisfaction for the Debt really due to the Crown, if his Effects have been made the most of, and if the old Bonds had been regularly delivered up as aforesaici: And therefore praying the House to rake the Premises into Consideration, and to grant the Petitioner such Relief ds- to the House shall meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confide ration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailers of Ships uling the Coal Trade,' whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and! of many others using the said Trade, is referred: And that they do examine, and state to the House, the Matter of Fad contained in this Petition.

Navy Debt. Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing how the Increase of the Debt' of the Navy, between the 31st of 1748, and the 31st of

December 1749, has arisen, distinguished under the several Heads of Expence.

Fulham An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers React. granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County o through

Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at -mersmith, in the said County, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of , through

Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProElor do cany the Bill to the Lords, and dcllre their Concurrence.

Clamlefiine A Petition of the Soap-boilers and Tallow-chandlers bringing of residing, and following that Trade, in the Towns of Soap, &c. Liverpool, Lane after, , and Preston, in the

from Ireland. County of Lancaster, and in the City of , for and

on behalf of themselves, and the several other Soap-boilers and Tallow-chandlers residing in the adjacent Parts of this Kingdom, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the pernicious Practice of running Soap and Candles from Dublin, and other Parts in eipe-

cially the former, all along upon the West Coast of South Britain, hath beers carried on for many Years last past, and daily increases, to the great Hurt and Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue upon that of Soap and Candles, and to the great Decay of the Trade of Soap-boiling and Candlemaking. and to the manifest Lois of the Petitioners, and their Fellow-Sufferers, employed therein; and that, be-

tides the present unavoidable Difference of the Market Prices of Soap and Candles betwixt this Kingdom and Ireland, occasioned by the very great :Di(proportion of Duties upon them, and their Materials laid in the former more than in the latter Kingdom, another very material Thing happens to contribute to this Practice of running Soap and Candles by Sailors, Passengers, and other Traders betwixt Ireland and England, being very numerous, which is, that they bring the same from Ireland lapr up in Paper, and in small Parcels, concealed in the Cielings and other Parts of the Ships or Vessels, convenient for that Purpose; which easily escapes in the Search of the Officers, and affords an Opportunity as easy, being so portable, for the Runner to convey and fell the same on Shore; and if the Officers be so lucky as to findTuch ParceU on board the Yame, they are admissible to an Entry in the'Custom-house; and the pretent Duties upon the Import of such Soap or Candles ncJt near equalling the Value of it here, the' Owners rather chuse to entcVand pay the Duty for thelaffie, than to'forfeit it; and, as the worst same that! can befall these Runners, is but the Forfeiture of the Soap or Candles, and nothing else, they become the more emboldened in this Practice to so great an Excess, that the Petitioners doubt not to make appear that at least Two thousand Tons of Soap, or upwards, in-a clandestine manner, by these Kind of Smugglers, are conveyed Worn. Ireland to Great Britain every Year, without paying any Duty for the fame; by which

Britain, in its Revenue, according to the present Duty of Soap, and its Materials only, which are therein manufactured here, fuftairts a Loss of Forty-one thousand Six hundred Pounds pet- Annum, or upwards, one Year with aflother; and that the Petitioners are ready to make the Truth of the Premifts satisfactorily to appear, upon Leave being given them;-and hope they have done so to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise; a Petition of tH* time Import with this, which1 was presented to the Lords of the Treasury last Year, being by them referred to the said Commissioners; who made a strict.Inquiry, in all or most of the' Ports of this Kingdom, into the Nature and Extent of the Abuse; and made their Report thereon- to the said Lords of the Treasury, to whose Report the Petitioners refer: And expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that proper Provisions may pass into a Law for restraining and preventing the like evil Practice for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill,--from the Lords, intituled, An Act Schotnbergr» For naturalizing Isaac Schomberg, Doctor in Physick, was Nat. read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Satusbury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for limiting respective Times at, and Limiting Conditions upon, which every Non-commission Officer Service in or Soldier now, or who may hereafter be such, in his the Arn, jr‘ Majesty's Land Service, shall be intitled to be discharged from the said Service, notwithstanding a Number of Forces by Land shall, by Authority of Parliament, be kept on Foot, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 13. To leave out "the Persons," and insert w every such Person :"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House. '

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Lord Stra

leners for the leas, , Mr m/Us;

Tellers

23 Geo. II.

16n — 190 Febmarii

Tellers for the Noes, { } l^'

So it passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 190 die;

Anno 23" Georgii tl'il Regis, 1749.

Africa

Trade-

P R Y F.KS.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Aldermen, Gentlemen, and Tradesmen, of the City of whose

Hands are thucunto fubteribed, was presented to the Housey and read*; alleging, That the Application now raking to the House, to have the Branch of Commerce to the African Could continu'd to a Joint-Stock Company, cyrlutin ot all others of his Majesty s Subjects, will, if carri.d into Execution, be a great Discouragement to Trade in general, and an, Hindrance to the Execution and Improvement thereof: And therefore praying, That, a 'rec and open Trade to all the different Parts of the Af leanC aft may be continued to all his Majesty's Britt//; Subjects in general; and that the Bill applied for, lor monopolizing the said Branch of Commerce, may not pah- into a Law.

Ordocd, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to contider of the Papers presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of this instant,

from the Commissioners for Trade ana Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

into be Ordered, That the several Establishments of Guards, rawed to Giprilbns, and other Forces (which were presented to the proper Office. JJoule upon the 28th Day of November lait) and also the Book containing Rules and Articles for the better Government of his Majesty's Horse and Foot Guards, and all other his Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, Dominions I cyond the Seas, and foreign Parts, Anno 1749 (which was presented to the House upon the 17th Day of January last) be returned to the War-Office.

Tamtotf Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, in the room of Sir Charies Baronet, now Earl

of Egremont, called up to the House of Peers.

Tower Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Ham lei» to whom the Bill for the more eafyand speedy Recovery

Small Debts. nf jVnall Debts within the Hamlets, and in the

Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said I lamlets, is committed. That they do admit Count'd to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of John Kina Gentleman; and also against the Petition of ] Lr.wfvt, Lomax George Weller,

and John Le Gross Spelthe Counsel of the ancient Court of the Marfnalfeaof the King's Houfbold, and of the Court of his Majesty's Palace of

Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Captain Gough, Mr. Hera. Walpole senior, Mr. Air.

Lockyer, be added to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

i»reservatioB A Bill, to limit the Time for killing the Game within of liamc. this Kingdom, for the better Preservation of the Breed thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel ton, Mr. Nor they. Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Trevanion, Sir Ken. Clayton, Lord Egmonl, Sir John , Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Pinny, Mr. Sydenham, Sir John Mr. Compton, Sir William Yonge, General M or daunt, Mr. VoL. 25.

1003

Turner, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Potter, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr.

Powney, Mr. Nassau, Colonel MaJen, Sir Charles Sed/ey,

Mr. Douglas, Sir Edm. Thomas, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Peter

Thompson, Mr. Norb. Berkeley, Sir Charles Kemys

Mr. Phi/lipfon, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Cornewall, Mr. Hamilton, Lord Deer Sir John Cuff, Mr. Pop/tam, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Kynaston: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the S|>eaker's Chamber. r

Mr. Fellowes presented to the House, according to Or- Heyford der, a Bill for inclosing and dividing certain common Inclosure. Fields and common Grounds called Nether Heyford common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Stow with Nine Churches, and Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton-, and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certaip Meadows, Pastures, and indoled Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a Recompence to the Redors of the said Parishes, in lieu of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the subscribing Planters and Merchants African interested in, and trading to, the British Sugar Settlements Trade, in America, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the very' Existeoce and Preservatiomot the Sugar Colonies depend upon the BritiJJt Trade to Africa; and as the settling and fixing the Manner of carrying on this Trade for the future is now under the Conlidpration of this House, and as the Fortunes of most of the Petitioners are in the Sugar Colonies, begging Leave to fub-mit and lay before this House those Methods, by which, as the Petitionersconceive, that valuable Branch ot Commerce, in which the general Trade and Navigation of this Nation isfo essentially interested can only be retrieved, preserved, and extended: And setting forth. That the dangerous Rivals to this Nation, the , carry' on

successfully this Branch of Trade to the Coast of by which they are enabled to improve and extent* to an incredible Height their Commerce to and ftom Colonies; and that notwithstanding the Crown,

Britain has been in Possession of that Trade, particularly on the Gold Coast and Whydah, ahove Fourscore *‘rays»

yet the French are daily encroaching on the Rights.° e British Subjects there; and are continuing such their Endeavours to that Degree, that, unless immediate Care is taken to preserve the Forts and Fortifications on that Coast, the French will soon become Matters thereof, and consequently of the most valuable Branches of Trade on the Coast of Africa, and thereby soon exclude the Subjects of Great Britain from every Part of that Coast, as they have already done from the G um Coast: And, as the proper Methods to preserve and secure this Trade to the British Subjects, and to render it beneficial to the British Sugar Colonies, further alleging. That the Forts

and Fortifications there ought to be put into and constantly kept, not only in a defensible, but in a respeestable Condition; and that as the Aid of Parliament is absolutely necessary for that Purpose, the Ends of granting such Aid will be much better answered by committing that Trust, and Application of the Money the House shall think proper to grant, to an incorporated Body of Men, with a Joint-Stock made answerable, under Penalties, for the due Execution thereof, than to any temporary', mutable, and transient Set of Men whatsoever, who might renounce it at pleasure, anti who would be answerable each for his own Acts only, and not One for the Acts of another; and that the Trade to that Part of the Coast of Africa called Guinea will, as the Petitioners conceive, be carried on more beneficially to the British Nation and its Colonies, if, besides leaving it free and open to all his Majesty's Subjects, a Company with a joint trading Stock be likewise permitted to trade thither, than it can poflibJy be by private Traders only', without such a Company; lb as such a Company are inverted with no Rights or Privileges to exclude, obstrud, or hinder, any other of

his

1

1004 190 Februarii. A. 1749.

his Majesty's Subjects from trading thereto; but shall, on the contrary, bereftrained therefrom, and put under such Regulations and Restrictions as shall leave the Trade, and the Use and Employment of the Forts and Settlements there, equally as free and open to all ,his Majesty's other Subjects as to such Company; with this particular Condition, that such Company shall be restrained from carrying more than a certain Number of Negroes annually (to be limited by Parliament) to the Colonies; and that

if such a Company are not ajlowed to carry some Negroes to the British Colonies, it may be extremely doubtful whether they will' be able to employ their Capital to Advantage; and, if there is not a reasonable Prospect of that, it cannot be expected that a sufficient Capital will ever be raised; and nor only (b, but, if such a Company should not be allowed ro carry a competent Number of Negroes annually, and especially of Gold Coast Negroes, to the Briiijk Colonies, the Petitioners have but too much Reason to apprehend that they shall never be sufficiently supplied with Negroes of that Sort; the Consequence of which will be, the inevitable Ruin of the Sugar

Colonies jand that the Reasons of the Petitioners, in Support of these Positions, being contained in their, lie-prefen tat ion to the Lords Commissioners' of Trade and Plantations, which have been laid by their Lord ships before this House, the Petitioners will not trouble the floufe with a Repetition of them; and that if the Methods thus proposed by the Petitioners be approved, and some Ships of War constantly Rationed on the Coast of Africa, with proper Powers and full Instructions to preserv inviolable the Rights of the Crown of Great Britain, and of the Trading British Subjects, and to prevent the French from carrying on any Trade to4the Gc/d Coast and , the

Petitioners apprehend this most valuable Branch of Commerce will be thereby retrieved and extended, to the Honour and Interest of this Nation, and the British Colonies be better and cheaper supplied; and that the Interest of the Petitioners, in the preserving and extending of this Traders closely connected with that of the Nation; and is of such a Nature, as makes it impossible for the Petitioners to havfe any other Views but such only as are for the Honour' and Interest of the Nation, and as shall be most conducive to the Improving of this Branch of . Commerce, as their Preservation or Ruin must go Hand in Hand with that of the Trade; And therefore

praying the House to take the Premises into their most serious Consideratioti; and that they will make such Provision as shall be sufficient for the putting, maintaining, and supporting, the said Forts and Settlements in a de-sensible and respedable Condition; and that the said Trade may be put into such a Method of Management, as the House shall think most conducive for the retrieving, extending, and preserving it.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con-fidefation of the Committee of the Whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Loyne Mr. Reynolds reported from the Committee, to whom Navigation, the Bill for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne-, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of

Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster j was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned in the Lands on which the said Quay; or Wharf, is to be built had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and tlijft the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made* several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a . Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

>7

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Petition of the several Creditors of Creditor* of the Royal African Company of England, whose Names African are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the just and bona fide Creditors of the said Company (which was presented to the House upon the 13th Day of this instant February, and Then ordered to lie upon the Tabic) be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to the House upon the Sixth Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

The House being informed. That Mr. Spence, Secre- African tary to the Royal African Company of England, attended Company, at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Four Cadi Books of the said Company, from the Year 17:15:

Two Invoice Books, from 174.3 outwards:

One Invoice Book, from Dittb inwards:

Three Contingent Charge Books, from 1720:

Receipt Book for Bonds, from 1743:

Six Minute Books of the Court of Assistants, from 1728:

Two General Court Books, from 1720:

Together with a List of the said Books.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lrft was read.

Ordered, Tliac the said Books do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Da^, for the House to Wav* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to' and Mean, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty,.be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,. to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Africa* whole House, to consider of the Papers presented to the Tx-d«. House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, {tom the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblytt took^he Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refZuned the Chair.

Mr. IJoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refblved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

{j

Sedtdioo Of Artificers to foreign Parts, Icc.

UncmnceUed Boods for Cool Duties*

Africa*

Trade.

2 x Geo. II. 20 0 Februarit 1005

Mart is, 20® die

Anno 73* Georgii Ild‘ Regis, 1749.

P it a v f. r s.

TV , IR. Fopham prefen ted to the House, according to It Jl Order, a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-press-rs, and of all Persons employed in the Lid several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Warden of the Prison of the Fleet do. Tomorrow Morning, bring in fate Custody John Gibson, late of London, Coal-factor, now a Prisoner in his Custody, to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailer of Ships using the Coal Trade, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of many others using the said Trade, and likewise the Petition of the said John Gibson, late of , Coal-factor, are referred; and also do bring the said John Gibson in lafe Custody, to the said Committee at any other time ortimes, as the said Committee shall think fit to require the same: 'And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

A Petition and Representation of the Magistrates and Town Council of Ayr, and of the Merchant Traders at the Port of Ayr, in North Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by the Sixth Article of the Union of England and Scotland, all Parts of the united Kingdom are to have the same Privileges of Trade; notwithstanding whereof, the Planters,

and same other-', in London, as the Petitioners are informed, have formed a Schenv*, and offered the same in Parliament, to deprive the Out-ports of this Kingdom, and other Bri-if;Subjei is, of their Liberty of Trade to the

African Coast. a:ui c!:e where, which they now enjoy; and to have this Branch of foreign Trade confined iolely to themselves and the Port of London, as One exclusive joint Company, to the great Discouragement of Trade in the Out-pmts, and the Lcfs of the King's Revenue, and which must be attended with many mischievous Consequences to the Nation in general, seeing all Monopolies, Or exclusive Companies in Trade, are certainly a great Hindrance to i!v Extension and Improvement of Trade, on which the Welfare and Happineisof these Kingdoms much depend: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into l'crious Consideration, and not to grant any such exclusive Privileges; but all the Subjects,

without Distinction, to continue in the full Enjoyment of that free and open Exercise of Trade to all the different Parts of the African Coast, and cllewhere, which for many Years past have been by Experience found in the highest Degree beneficial to this Kingdom; and That none of the Inhabitants of any Part of the Nation may be put under any distinguisiiing Discouragements in the Prosecution of any Branch of it.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, Owners of Ships, and others, of the City of Chester, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have lately heard with much Concern of a pernicious Scheme being formed, and offered to Parliament, fending to deprive the Out-ports of this Kingdom, and all the rest of the British Subjects, of that Liberty of Trade

Vol. 25.

to the African Coast that they now enjoy; and to have this Branch of Commerce confined Iolely to a particular Company in London, as an exclusive Joint-Stock Company: And as the Petitioners lately have made a Beginning in the African Trade from the said City, and hope to extend and prosecute the fame, alleging, That confining the said Trade in such a manner must be attended with many pernicious Consequences to the Nation in general, and to the Out-ports in particular; and that the Petitioners conceive, that all Monopolies or exclusive Companies in Trade must be a great Hindrance to the Extension and Improvement of it: And therefore praying the House to take the said Trade into their Protection, the Plantation Trade also depending upon it, and not to suffer the present pernicious Scheme to take effect t but that all the British Subjects, without Distinction, may be continued in the free and open Exercise of Trade to all the different Parts of the African Coast which they have 1 ong possessed, and which for many Years past have been by Experience found in the highest Degree beneficial to this Kingdom; and that no Part of this Nation maybe put under any distinguishing Discouragemenis in the Prosecution of any Branch of it: And further alleging. That the BritiPo Forts and Settlements upon the Coast: of Africa may be greatly serviceable to the Trade in general, if put under such Regulations, that all his Majesty's Subjects may equally, without Distindion, enjoy the Benefit thereof, and that his Majesty's Sovereignty may be preserved; but that, if the said Forts and Settlements fnoulci be put under the Management of a particular J oint-Stock. Company, it would be greatly prejudicial to the African Trade; And therefore further praying. That the said. Forts and Settlements may n't be put under the Direction of any particular Company, but put under such. Management as may be conducive to the Good of all Persons trading to Africa, without Distinction; and that such Provision may be made for the Support and Maintenance 0\f the fame, as the House shall think fit: And further alleging, That some of his Majesty's Ships of War> properly Rationed upon the Coait of Africa, might be of great Security and Protection to the Trade.

A Petition of the Gentlemen and principal Traders of the Borough of Newcastle under Line, in the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Trade to the Coast of Afica is highly beneficial to t? is Nation in general; and that this and all other Trades must flourish or decline in proportion as they are left free and open, or restrained, Monopolies cr exclusive Companies in Trade being always found to be a great Hindrance to the Extension and Improvement of it; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that io lock up this Trade in the Hands of a few, exclusive to those to whom the pretent flourishing State of it is chiefly owing, would not only be a great Discouragement to ad Adventurers, but particularly- injurious to those who have ventured their Fortunes tn raising it to such flourishing Condition: And therefore praying, That all his Majesty's Subjects, without Distinction, may be continued in the full Enjoyment of that free and open Exercise of Trade to all the different Parts of the African Coast which they have long possessed; and that such Provision may be made for the Support and Protection of it as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in the County of Derby, and also of several Gentlemen, and others, Traders within the same Borough,1 signed there the Eighth Day of February, in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty King George the Second, and in the Year of our Lord i7+9> Was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That it has been represented to the Petitioners, that a certain small Number of W'ejl-I Planters in the City of London have formed a Plan or Scheme, and off red the same to this House, whereby to deprive the Merchants, and other Traders of or belonging to the Out-ports of this Kingdom, as well as others of his Majesty's British

11 Z Subjects,

African

Trade.

Tower Hamlets Small Debts.

Pownoll*

Ballad

Engine*.

Loyne Navigation.

Privilege.

Duties on

«lk.

1006

io° Februarii.

Subjects, of the free Liberty and Exercise of trading to the African Coast which they now enjoy; and so as the said West-India Planters may engross and monopolize to

themselves such a beneficial Branch of foreign Commerce as an exclusive Joint-Stock Company: And therefore praying, That all his said Majesty's British Subjects, without any discouraging Mark of Distinction, may.be allowed and permitted to enjoy the free and open Exercise Of this.Trade (so highly beneficial to this Kingdom) to all the different Parts of the A Coast, and which the Petitioners are informed they have lb long, and without Infraction, been in the quiet Possession of.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Commitee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this Instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of , and in the

several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, is committed, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of Samuel Plummer, George and Wil-

Ham Monk, Attornies of the Court of the King's Palace of Westminster.

Ordered, That Lord Parke, Mr. Philip Fonereau, Mr. Willey, Mr. Abraham Hume, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Neale, be added to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the Houser according to Order, a Bill for securing the sole Property, Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by Israel Pownoll, deceased, for railing Ballad, Sullage, and Sand, and for re* moving Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years: And the same was received; and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill lor improving the Navigation of the River Loyne; and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the

Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of j

was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 13. After *' Loyne," to insert " otherwise " called Lune."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

RefJved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, an Act for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune-, and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of , in the County

Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Reynolds do carry the Bill to the -Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed. That Submission had been made, and Satisfaction given, to Thomas Mathews Esquire, a Member of this House, in relation to the Breach of Privilege complained of upon the 3 ill Day of January lalU

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be discharged from proceeding upon the Matter of the said Complaint.

A Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon China raw Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed.

A. 1749.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Petition of Ashley Cowper Esquire, Clerk of the Parliaments, John Crawfurd Esquire, Puri'uivant or Mefien-ger Extraordinary attending the Great Seal, Edward Wright Esquire, Chaff-wax, Samuel Billingsley, Stationer to the Great Seal, for and on the behalf of themselves, and the rcfl; of the Creditors upon the Office of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House:

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; fitting forth, That the Revenue of the Hanaper of his Majesty's High Court of Chancery is a very ancient Revenue belonging to the Crown; and the Office ofKeeper orClerk of the said Hanaper is an ancient Office held and enjoyed by Grant from his Majesty, and his Royal Predecessors, Kings and Queens of this Realm j and that the said Revenue consists of certain yearly Rents or Sums reserved or paid out of the Offices commonly called the Alienation Office, the Seal or Green Wax Office, the Six-peny Writ Office, and also of Fees paid upon Grants, Commissions, and other Patents passing under the Great Seal, which are uncertain and contingent; and that such Revenue hath constantly been issued and applied for the Payment of several ancient Fees, Salaries, and Allowances, due to the CJerk of the Parliaments, and other Officers attending the Parliament and the High Court of Chancery, and also to other Officers, for business done for the publick Service of the Kingdom; and likewise for the Discharge of several Bills and Disbursements for Stationary Wares, and other Necessaries, relating to such Business, always paid and allowed out of the Revenue of the said Hanaper, for all which the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper passes yearly Accounts upon Oath before the Auditors of the Imprest of his Majesty's Exchequer; and that the said Revenue, by reason of several Acts of Parliament made of latp Years concerning Law Proceedings, and the Change and Alteration of the Course of Business, and other Means, hath not, for divers Years last pall, been sufficient to answer and pay the several Salaries, Allowances, and Disbursements, ilfuing and payable out of the fame; so that there remained due and in Arrear, at Michaelmas 1749, to the Petitioners, and Teveral other Persons infilled to such Salaries, Allowances, and Disbursements, several Sums, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred and Ninety Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, or thereabouts; and that the Revenue of the said Hanaper will in all Probability ftiil continue to be deficient, so that not only the present Debt upon the said Office will be irrecoverably loft, but great Part of the Salaries, Allowances, and Payments, due and payable to the Petitioners, and the other Persons who have Time out of Mind been |>aid out of the Revenue of the said Office, for Services done to the Publick, will continue to run in Arrear for the future, and be unpaid, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for t heir Relief: And therefore praying. That the House will be pleased to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration, and give them such Relief as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty,

A Petition of William Duke of Cleveland and Southampton being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty*s Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty,

having

Hanaper

Revenue.

Seal cr Green Wax Office.

23 Geo. II.

20° Februarii.

1007

Hanaper-

Office.

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House: Then the said Petition was brought up, and read } setting forth, That by virtue of Letters Patent, under the Great Seal, bearing Date the Second Day of June, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, the Petitioner is intitled to the Receipts, Revenues, and yearly Profits, arising and payable for the Sealing of any Writs, Exemplifications, or other Things uhially sealed with the Seals of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and also the Offices of Receiver-General of all the said Revenues, and Comptroller of all Writs,|and other Things, that should or ought to be sealed with the said Seals, which Office is commonly called the Seal or Green Wax Office, paying to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, into the Receipt of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery, the several yearly Rents therein mentioned, amounting, in the Whole, to the yearly Sum of One thousand Six hundred Fifty-three Pounds Fourteen Shillings, over and above other Payments, Fees, and Charges, therein also mentioned; and that by the same Letters Patent it is provided, that if, by any Alteration of the Course and Processof the said Courts, or by Force of any Act of Parliament made or to be made, or by any other Means whatsoevec, it should happen, that the Petitioner should not have or levy so much as should satisfy and pay the said yearly Rents and Payments, and the same should be duly proved before the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Trea-stiry, Under-‘l'reafurer, and Chancellor of the Exchequer, or any Two of them, for the Time being, that theh, upon such Proof made, and Allowance thereof had, in every such Case, and at every such Time, the Petitioner should not be compelled or chargeable to pay the said several Rents thereby reserved} but should, upon Oath, be accountable and make Payment, into the said Hanaper, of such Sums of Money only as the Petitioner should have received for the Sealing of any Writs, or other Things, as therein is mentioned; and that upon every such Account and Payment, so to be made as aforesaid, the Pe.‘itioner should be acquitted of and from so much of the said yearly Rents and Payments as, at or before the time of such Account and Payment, should be behind and unpaid: And further setting forth. That by force of several Acts of Parliament made of late Years, and by other Means, the Revenue of the said Office is so decreased, that, for Eleven Years last past, the Fees and Profits thereof have not been near sufficient to satisfy the several yearly Rents reserved by the said Letters Patent, over and above the other Fees, Payments, and Charges therein specified, and the Charges of executing the said Office; inibmurh that there remained behind and unpaid, on the last Day of Michaelmas Term .1749, of the yearly Rents reserved and made payable to the Clerk of the Hanaper, the Sum of Two thousand Eight hundred Thirty-two Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence; and that there is not the least Expectation that the Revenue of the said Office will increase for the time to come, but on the contrary, that the same will Icffen more and more: And therefore praying the House to take into Consideration the State and Condition of the said Office, and grant the Petitioner such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, Th&i the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That a List of the publick Officers and Persons, to whom any Salaries and Allowances are payable out of the Hanaper-Office, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a State of the yearly Revenue of the Hanaper, and of the yearly Payments and Allowances thereout, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That a State of the Debt upon the Office of Hanaper, to Michaelmas 1749, and to whom due, be laid before this House.

Vol 25.

Ordered, That a Copy of the Letters Patent of the Seal Seal or Green or Green Wax Office be laid before this House. Wax Office.

Ordered, That a State of the annual Produce of the Seal or Green Wax Office, for. Forty Years last past, dif-tiriguishing each Year, with the several Rents payable out of the lame, and the annual Charge of executing thg said Office, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the annual Produce of Six-peny the Office called the Six-peny Writ Office in Chancery* Writ Office, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and the yearly Payments thereout, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the net Produce of the Suitor* in Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court Chancery, of Chancery, and paid into the Bank of England, from the Commencement in 1726, to the Determination thereof, distinguishing each Year, be before this House.

Ordered, That an Account of the Cash remaining in Ditto, the Bank of England in the Name of the Accomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, and placed to the Credit of the Fund granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the said Court, after Satisfaction of the Demands of the Offices of the deficient Matters, be laid laid before this House.

Sir Peter Warren presented to the House, according to Weffininster Order, a Bill for assigning a Place proper for holding the Market. Market in the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient Market-place called The Round Woolj; and for regulating the said Market: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to profccmions resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon for Perjury, the Bill to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual}

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to re* Growth of solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- S;lk m fider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Ar^e^lCa Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters, Dyers, and other. Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand labouring People depending upon the Silk Trade, was referred }

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the African whole House, to cpnfider further of the Papers presented Trade, to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant,

from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred} and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

i oo 8

21*- — 22° Februarii

Mercurii, 2

Anno 23* Georgii IIdl Regis, 1749.

Pray ers.

Lingfton A /TR. Carter presented to the House, according to tipon Hull IVX Order, a Bill for the better paving, impairing, and treets,&c. an£j for foe cleansing and enlightening, the

Streets of the Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; and for preventing Dangers of Fire hom the Ships in the Haven of the said Town: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

African Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill do this Day attend the Trade. Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant , from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. John Dunning do this Day attend the said Committee.

Office of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for " Coroner, the better Ordering the Office of Coroner: And that Mr. Cor new ail, Mr. ChoSir Nathanael Curzon> and Mr. Downey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Lane and Mr. IVaple:

Mr! Speaker,

M^chtder 'J'he Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ®*df* for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Mane heft er, in the County of through

the Town of Ashlon under , and Parish of Mot tram Longdendale, and from thence to Sailer's , in the County Palatine of Chest, without any Amendment: And also,

Walpole's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Grant from to enaj5ie his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the tie rown, ^janor Gf Garjlang, in the County of Lancajfter, and of a Messuage, or Tenement, in Newbigginge, in in the County of Westmcrelato Trustees, in Trull, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Cqiisideration to be paid for the lame, without any Amendment: And also,

Kendall's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Name, for enabling Beckford Kendall Esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Cater, and his issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leather Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this exported. House, an Account of what Quantities of Leather have been exported from the Year 1732, to the Year 173#, inclusive.

Duties on Ordered, That the proper Officer do lay before this Leather. House, an Account of the Produce of the Duties payable on Leather, from the Year 1732, to the Year 1738, inclusive.

Profeciitions Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to for l'erjury. ref0ive itlelFinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more (easy and effectual, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Batkurjl took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A. 1749.

Mr. Bathurst reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing, extending, maintaining, and improving, the Huven and Piers oT Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves . into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships win-' tering therein from Accidents by Fire; was committed:

And the Counsel was called in:

And the said Report was read:

And the Petition of several Merchants and Masters of Ships, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants, and Traders of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was > also read:

And the Counfol for the Petitioners was heard j and examined several Witness'es in Support of the Allegations of the said Petition:

And the Counsel being withdrawn;

The Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Qurflion severally put thereupon, were1 agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to . the Bill j

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob/yn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fort her of the said Papers.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

yovis, 22° die Februarii

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

THE House being informed, That Mr. Nowell, from the Aceomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of Cash remaining in the Bank of England in the Name of the Accomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, and placed to the Credit of the Fund granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the said Court, after Satisfaction of the Demands of the Offices of the deficient Masters.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Yarmouth Haven, Scc.

African

Trade.

Suitors in Chancery,

Southwark

kuftu,

Fulham

Road.

Whitby

flaroour*

43 Ge6. iL i 2° Februarii. 1069

An ACCOUNT of the Calli remaining in the Bank of England, in the Name of the Atcbrflptaht-General of the Court of Chancery ;and placed to the Credit of the Fund granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the said Court, after Satisfaction of the Offices of the deficient Matters.

The Sum is ----- ----- - £.13,698. 1. 11;

IVa pie,

22d February 1749. Accomptant General;

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Merchants and Traders of the City of London, and all'o of the Matters and Owners of Ships, whole Names are thereunto subscribed.was referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was riad; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition,

Mr. /indrezv Miller, Rope-maker, said. That the new Road from London to his Majesty's Dock-yard at Deptford, the East-IndiaWarehouse at R and his Majesty's

Victualing-Office, is nearer by almost Three Miles than the old Road;

That the Passage from London Bridge to,

which enters upon such new Road, is very dangerous in the Night-time, for want of proper Lights, and a well regulated Watch: That such Watch would not only be a great Security to Persons passing the Streets in the Night, but likewise in case of Fire, either in the Warelioules, along the'Shore, or amongst Ships in the River.

Mr. Bradley and \lr. Thom Merriton confirmed the Evidence of the said Mr. Miller.

The Reverend Mr. Lernoult, Minister, Mr. Samuel Bennet Smith, Churchwarden, Mr. John and

Mr. Henry IVheady, Overseers of the PoOr ot St. John Southwark, severally said, That, at a publick Vestry held for that Purpose, it was unanimously agreed by the principal Inhabitants of the said Parish, that they were delirous for the publick Utility, as well as their own Benefit, to raile a sufficient Sum of Money amongst themselves for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Pali'ages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch within the Parish of Saint John Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And that Mr. Hardinge and Sir Peter Thompson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Thompson do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

A Petition of the Coal Owners, Fitters, Coal-faflors, and Owners of Ships, residing in and near the Town of Sunderland, In the County of Durham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That a Bill is now depending in this House, and ordered to be read a Third time, for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whiin the County of York, by laying an additional Duty on all Coals shipped at Nitwcajileupon Tyne, Sunderland, Blyth, Seaton Sluice, Culler-coats, or any other Harbour, Colliery, or Place, reputed to be a Member of the Port of upon Tyne:

And alleging. That the Granting of an additional Duty on all Coal shipped from the several Places or Ports above will be highly prejudicial to the Coal Trade in general, and a very great Hardfnip to the Petitioners, as the Price of Coals will be thereby increased: And further setting forth. That it is intended (as appears by the said Bill) to Voi. *5.

apply Part of the Monty, to arise by the above Duty, in repairing and making more Convenient a Way from the West Pier to the said Town of Whitby, which Way is now commdnly used, when the Tide is out, by Persons travelling from Whitby to Sand's End, Lyth,

Stockton, and many other Parts: And further alleging.

That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill might, with, equal Propriety and Justice, extend to the Repairing of the Road from Whitby to arty other Town in that County, with the said Duty, as to apply any Part thereof to repair the Way from the said West Pier to the said Town of Whitby, and that the Repairing of the said Way; and purchasing Houses and Ground, tdc. to widen the fame, may be very convenient for Carriages belonging to the Town of Whitby, and Travellers who pass and repass from Sunderland, Lyth, Ghifborough, Stockton, and many other Places, to Whitby or Scarborough, but can be of little or no Use to the Coal-owners, Fitters, Coal-fa6tors, Owners of Ships, and Consumers of Coals; and that, by the above Bill, it is intended the additional Duty on Coals shall be paid, by the Matter or Owner of every Ship, at his shipping or loading Coals at any of the Places or Ports aforesaid; by means whereof the said intended Duty will be paid by all Ships loading at the above Places, though they come not to or near the Port of Whitby, and that this will be a Hardship on the Petitioners, and many others, if the above Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Cout.iel, what they have to offer against the said Bill j or that they may have such further Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships trading Whitby in Coals at the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, Blyth, Staton arbour‘

Sluice, Culler coats, or other Harbours, Members of the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the Bill depending in this House, for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, it is intended, that, for rebuilding or repairing, and railing, where needful, the West and East Piers of the said Harbour of Whitby, and for taking away the remaining Part of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of the said Harbour, and repairing and makingsufficient the Way from the West Pier to the said Town of Whitby, and placing proper Moorings for Ships thereon, and further improving the said Harbour, an additional Duty of One Half-peny Chalder shall be paid by the Mailer or Owners of every Ship that shall load or ship any Coals at the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Blyth, Seaton Sluice,

Cullercoats, or any other Harbour, Colliery, or Place, that is, or is reputed to be, a Member of the said Port of Newcastle upon Tyne: And alleging, That the Petitioners conceive, that the Paying of the said additional Duty of One Half-peny per Chalder on all Coals loaden or shipped at the Port of Nevxajlle upon Tyne, or at Blythe, Seaton Sluice, Cullercoats, or other Harbours, Members of the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, will be highly prejudicial to the Trade of the said Port and Harbours, and a very great Hardship to the Petitioners, forasmuch as the Petitioners cannot possibly receive any Benefit or Advantage whatlo-ever from the said Piers and Harbour of Whitby, the same being of no Use to Colliers or Coasting Vessels of any considerable Burthen torqn into for Safety in bad Weather j and that the Petitioners conceive the only Persons who can be benefited by rebuilding or repairing the said Piers; or

12 A further

ioiO ' 21° Februarii. A. 1749.

furthcrimproving the said Harbour, will be the Inhabitants, Matters and Owners of Ships, of the Town of Whitby: And therefore praying the House will take the Premites under their Consideration; and grant the said Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, and the other Harbours, Members of the said Port of Newcastle upon , such Relief in the Premises as the House thall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Whitby A Petition of the Fitters and Owners of Ships, and Harbour, other Merchants, redding in and near the Town of Arundel, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read j setting forth, That a Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, is now depending in this House, for laying an additional Duty on Coals vended from Newcastle, Sunderland, and Blyth And alleging, That the Granting of such additional Duty will highly prejudice the Petitioners, in Consideration that, by Att of Parliament, they have been, and still are, at a very

freat Expence in cleansing their Harbour, and ereftinga 'ier for the Preservation of Ships: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideratirtn, and grant the Port of Arundel an Exemption from the said Duty, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, in fdvour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the Coal-owners, Fitteis, Coal-fastors, and Owners of Ships, residing in and near the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, at the same time that Counsel is ordered to be heard against the said Bill, upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

Yarmouth An ingrossed Bill for clearing, depthening, repairing Haven, &c. extending, maintaining, and improving, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth-, and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, for preventing Annoyances to the said Haven, and directing how Offences of that Kind shall be tried and punished;

And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks, which were filled up:

And then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill by way of Rider.

In consequence whereof, an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out the Clause therein, relating to the said Annoyances, from the Word "not withstanding," in Pr. 30. L. 10. to the Words And "whereas," in Pr. 31. £,.9:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause (land Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Whereupon the said Clause was taken out of the Bill, Part thereof being etafed, and the Remainder cut off at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: Arid that the Title be. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into lire said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire.

Ordered, That Colonel Townshend do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Prosecutions Mr. Bathurst, according to Order, reported, from the fur Ptrjury. Committee of the whole 1 loufe, to whom the Bill to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, v 18

more easy and effectual, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and fe read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingrossed.

N *

Notice being taken, that no Return had yet betfri made' R*tum of of the Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to lerve in this- Westminster present Parliament for the City of Westminster, in the nt* room of the Right Honourable Granville Gotoei

Esquire, commonly called Lord Viscount Trent ham-, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, although the said Writ was ordered upon the 16th Day of hft to be made ouf;

The Order made upon the 16th Day of November last, for Mr. Speaker to issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out the said Writ, was read.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the;

issuing of the said Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. John Crawfurd, Pursuivant or'

Messenger Extraordinary attending the Great Seal, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the Sending of the said Writ to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex,

Ordered, That the Under-Sheriff of the County of-Middlesex do attend this House Tomorrow Morrting, to give an Account of the issuing of a Precept tb the High-Bailiff of the City of Westminster, in pursuance of the said Writ.. '

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro-poled, Thai the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an'

Account of the-Execution of the said Precept;

It was proposed to amend the Question, by leaving out "To-morrow," and inferring " " instead

thereof; and by inferring, after " Morning," the Wordnext: "

And the Question being put, That the Words " To-'

" morrow " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas wen} forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, {

Tellers for the Noes. [ Jj'- J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the High Bailiff of the City of Westminster do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to give an Account of the Execution of the said Precept.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the African whole House, to consider further of the Papers presented Trade* to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hobiyntook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hobiyn reported from the Committee, That the^ hadmadea further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

And

a3 Geo. II. — ix ioii

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vieverts > 23° die;

Anno 23* Georgii IIai Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

Hffford A BILL for inclosing and dividing certain common bcofarr. il Fields and common Grounds called Nether Heyford 1 common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether

Heyford, Stow with Nine , and in the County of Northampton; and for extinguishing all Right j of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures, and inclosed

I Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a Recom-

i pence to the Redors of the said Parishes, in lieu of

Tythes; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

M zfGore, Mr. ComptonMr. Sir Robert

uenor, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Cotdel Fir.ebrace, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Gray, Lord Gage, Mr.

Warburton< Mr. Sydenham, Admiral Vernon, Lord Parker, Mr. Bathurfi, Mr. Sir Charles Mordaunt,

Mr. Povuney, Mr. Kynaston John Cust, Sir John iey, Mr. Turner, Mr. Child, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Hay,

Mr. Midlycot, Mr. Salusbury, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

Pye, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Barry, Mr. Torke, Mr. Trevor,

Mr. Thomhagh, Sir Laid. Grant, Mr. Delmt-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Northampton and Salop, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House being informed. That Mr . Hanaper

Deputy Clerk of the Hanapet^Office, attended at the Office. Door; -

He was called in; and, at the Bar, preferited to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Lift of the publick Officers, and Persons to whom any Salaries and Allowances are payable out of the Ha-naper-Office: And also,

A State of the yearly Revenue of the Hanaper, and of the yearly Payments and Allowances thereout: And' also,

A State of the Debt uptm the Hanaper-Office, to Michaelmas 1749, and to whom due:

Together with a List Of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Papers ardas followeth > viz.

A; LIST of the publick Officers and Persons to whom any Salaries and Allowances are payable — - Out of the Hanaper-Office.

— — ..... - % , - . - -Publick Officers. Officers in Chancery.

Clerk of the Parliaments. Lord Chancellor.

Prothonotary for Inrolling of Treaties. Mailer of the Rolls.

Clerk of the Leases. Mailers in Chancery for Robe-money.

Clerk of the Briefs. Ulher of the Rolls.

Auditors of the Imprest. D° of the Court at Lord Chancellor's Hall.

Clerk of the Crown. . D* of the Court at Westminster.

Messenger- to the Great Seal, for carrying Writs for Sealer.

Elections. Chaff-wax.

Stationer to the Crdwrt-iOffice.' Their Deputies attending the Great SeAh

Stationer to the House of Peers. Serjeant at Arms.

Four Treasury Messengers, for dispersing Proclamations. Six Clerk Comptroller.

Senior Clerk of the Petty Bag, for making out Writs for Clerk «f the Hanaper.

a new Parliament. Pursemaker.

Stationer to Lord Chancellor.

D8 to the Hanaper.

John Pudsey, Deputy Clerk of the Hanaper.

23d Febru 17 49.

- A State of the yearly Revenue of the Hanaper, and of the yearly Payments and Allowance thereout*

jC- d-

By Money from tho Alienation-Office, for the Writs of Covenant and Entry - - - 2,000

By Money from the Seal or Green Wax Office, for the Seals of the King's Bench and Common

Pleas, by Four Termly Payments - - - - - - 1,653 14 — <-

Note, The Revenue of this Office is so greatly lessened, that it does not now produce near

this Rent.

By D* from the Farm of the Six-peny Writs in Chintery, £. 250 per Quarter; but this Grant expired 13th April 1747, so is not now reckoned.'.

By the King's Dues, being Fees paid upon Grants, Commissions, and other Patents, that pals the

Great Seal, communibus annis, about - - - \ - - - 220 — —

Total Revenue per Annum

~ 3»873 i4 —

A Particular of the yearly Payments out of the Hanaper, which are certain and fixed; viz.

To Lord Chancellor-Matter of the Rolls -

Mailers in Chancery, Robe-money, inclusive of D# Prothonotary's yearly Fee -Clerk of she Parliament's yearly Fee Parchment Money for the several Offices Clerk of the Leases yearly Fee Serjeant at Arms, Wages, and Board Wages -Clerk of the Briefs yearly Fee Two Auditors D8 - -

Six Clerk Comptroller yearly Fee Chaff-wax yearly Hated Payments

VgL. 25.

to the Mailer of the Rolls

1,096

37

82

100

4P

355

20

10

20

3°

*3

392

*9

4

8

16 —

7 6

9

~ri

Wher

1012

2 3° Pebrn.

A. 1749*

Ulher of the Court of Chancery yearly Allowances

The Sealer yearly Allowances

Messenger to the Great Seal

Stationer to Lord Chancellor -

Embroiderer for the Purse -

Three Riding Deputies -

Clerk of the Hanaper -

Stationer to the House of Peers

Stationer to the Hanaper -

Ulher of IV>Jlminster~hall -

Total fixed Payments

C- *

- 8 to

42 iS 6£

54 if

287 7 —

58 ——

- . 45 -

538 1 6f

- 124 -

- 48/0 —

- 1 6 S

£ 3 5°6 18 9

The following Payments and Allowances are not fixed, but Vdry sometimes mete, sometimes less,

according to the Quantity of Business performed, or Goods delivered; Prothonotary his Bills for inrolling Treaties, communibus amis, about -

Clerk of the Parliaments, his Bills, for transmitting publick Acts into the Chancery, about Ulher of the Rolls and Court of Chancery, his Bills, about -

Ulher of Lord Chancellor's Hall at Lincoln's Inn, where he fits to hear Caules, his Bills, about Clerk of the Crown, his Bills, about -

Messenger to the Great Seal for Parliament Writs, his Bills, about -The FourTreasury Meficngers for-dispersing Proclamations, their Bills, about -Clerk of the Petty Bag, aboitt -

Stationer to the Crown-Office, his Bills, about -

£ 160

420

I90

lco

220

l8o

495

*5

70

i.

Total Payments not fixed

Total fixed Payments - -

- In all - -

John Pttdfey, Deputy Clerk of the Hanaper,

23d February 1749.

1,560

3,506

18

- £ 5>°66, 18 9

A State of the Debt upon the Hanaper Office, to Michaelmas 1749, an^ *° whom due.

» — —: . - - Public Officers. Officers in Chancery.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

Prothonotary for Salary, and inrolling Right Honourable the Lord High '

Tieaties, &c. - - - - 750 — — Chancellor, for ancient Allowances 270 17 —

Clerk of the Parliament - - - *>438 , Right Honourable the Master of the

Clerk of the Leases - - - - 20 — — Rolls - - - 37 4 7

Clerk of the Briefs - - ' 20 — — Usher of the Rolls - - 38 10 2

Auditors of the Imprest - 30 — — D" of Lord Chancellor's Hall - - 192 7

Clerk of the Crown for writing Com- D° of the Court at - m *56 8 8

missions, making out Writs, - h587 6 — The Sealer - - 16 1 2

Mefler ger to the Great Seal, for Salary, Serjeant at Arms - - 15z 1 6

and carrying Writs for Elections - L703 1 6 Chaff wax - - - 39* 8

Stationer to the Crown-Office - 282 2 4 Six Clerk Comptroller - 23 6 8

Ditto to the House of Peers 37* Clerk of the Hanaper - 100 — «. —

Four Treasury Messengers for dispers- Stationer to Lord Chancellor - - 892 8 3

ing Proclamations ... L75* — Officers Allowance of Parchment - 364 10 —

7.954 910 £ 2,636 3 1

Xr#

Total due to publick Officers - - 7,954 9 10

D* to the Officers in Chancery - - 2,636 3 1

£. 10,590 12 11

John Pudfty, Deputy Clerk of the Hanaper, 23 February 1749.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

gix-peny The House being informed, That Mr. Luke,

fprii-Office. Receiver of the Six-peny Writ-Office, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the annual Produce of the Office called the Six-peny Writ-Office in Chancery, for Ten Years last pad, distinguishing each Year, and the yearly Payments thereout.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The laid Account is as follow e h; viz.

An

23 Geo. II.

a 3° Fetriiarii.

1013

Ah ACCOUNT of the annual Produce of the Office called the Six-peny Writ Office in Chancery, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and the yearly Payments thereout.

From

From

From

From

From

From

From

From

From

From

The annual Produce. 25th December 1739, to 25th December 1740 -25 December 1740, to 23 December 1741 25 December 1741, to 25 December 1742 25 December 1742, to 25 December 1743 25 December 1743, to 25 December 1744 25 December 1744, to 25 December 1745 - -

2c December I7ac. to 2c December iia6

25 December 1746, to 23 December 1747 25 December 1747, to *5 December 1748 25 December 1748, to 25 December 1749

The yearly Payments, To the Sealer of the Court of Chancery -

To the Deputy Sealer - -

To the Chaff-Wax....

To his Two Deputies - -

To the Deputy Purlcbearer -

To the Two Gentlemen of the Chamber -

To the Messenger and Tipstaff, 40J. each -

To the Crier - -

To the Bagbearer is. 6d. each Seal Day, about

To the Receiver of this Office -

£. s. d.

3 — 1,198 8 6

1,136 19 6

997 J4 "

947 18 6

882 1 —

819 3 6

83* 3 —

953 *4

794 9

83 6 8

9 ——

50 -

16 -

4* -

«5 -

4 ——

4 -

5 8-

60 -

Total of the yearly Payments

2 2d February 1749*

Luke Receiver.

249 14 8

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, February 1708, to 14 <748; with the several

to be perused by the Members of the House. Rents payable out of the lame, and the annual Charge of

executing thereof.

Sea) or The House being informed, That Mr. George Perkins, And then he withdrew.

Green Wax Sealer of the Court of Common Pleas, attended at the _ And the Titles of the said Copy and Account were. Door; . read.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the . The laid Copy is bound up with the other Papers House, pursuant to their Order, f of this Session, _ ,

A Copy of the Letters Patent of the Seal or Green . And the said Account is-as follov^eth; viz.

Wax Office: And allb, ... J

An Account of the annual Produce of the Seal or . 0 ,

Green Wax Office, for Forty Years, viz. from, the 13th . v

VOL. *5.

Office of Coroner,

Culcheth

Inclosure.

1014 13* Februariu A. 1749

Am ACCOUNT of the annual Produce arising from the Sealing of all Writs and Exemplifications sealed with the Seals of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, commonly called the Seal oif Green Wax Office, for 40 Years, viz. from the 13th of February 1708, to the 14th of February 1748} with the several Rents payable out of the fame, and the annual Charge of executing thereof.

Total Money received annually: Total SeventhPeay annually. King's Rent payable to the Haaaper anrmaHy. Charges of executing the Office annually.

Easier Term. £* £-s- d. £ * d. £- *-

1709 3>*°7 9 443 *7 4 -> Jg

1710 1711 1712 2,987 8 10 2,990 5 — *.893 13 6 426 15 6 427 3 6 4*3 7 - *3 3 ts 3

*7*3 1714 *7*5 1716 *»734 7 2,549 18 6 2,45* 4 *>585 — 390 12 6 3*4 5 6 350 3 6 369 5 10 0 < 0 a *8 t*

1717 1718 *>557 *8 — 2,572 18 9 365 8 3 367 9 9 So SU t*.

1719 1720 2,552 2 8 *.585 3 7 364.11 9 369 6 2 J 5 aj y

1721 1722 2.739 *7 7 2,709 14 6 39 8 2 - 387 — 569 IO — \ I w S.8 1*5

*7*3 2*7*8 15 10 389 16 6 e M Ofl

*7*4 2,718 9 4 388 7 — >.2

1715 2,640 18 1 377 5 5 50 V So 0 g viO V

1726 2,681 18 — 383 2 6

1727 1728 2,811 7 9 2,844 18 1 401 12 6 406 8 3 984 4 — ctf 0 4 >, C <1 to a c

1729 2*556 *J 9 365 4 9 3 ~ 0 ja w oi

1730 2,508 6 2 358 6 7 JO a 0 «» §

1731 2,580 9 IO 368 12 10

*73* 2,4*7 5 10 145 6 6 1,653 14 — V. B. The boreTwol.SO re increased Rems 189 19 3

*733 2,346 4 4 335 3 5 < ‘ . m 193 7 IO

*734 2,391 7 — 34* *» 5 m ' 201 3 9

*735 2,45* *° 3 350 7 2 - 201 12 8

1736 2.473 5 ' 5 353 6 5 m 211 6 4

*737 2,243 9 320 10 3 m m m 201 7 4

*738 2,137 6 7 305 6 5 _ m 208 3 4

*739 2,142 12 4 306 1 6 m . *07 17 4

*740 2,094 — 8 299 2 9 241 16 10

*74* 2,098 911 299 15 8 - 241 18 4

*74* 1,972 5 7 281 15 — - 235 *7 4

*743 1,667 *4 *38 4 8 m 183 6 4

*744 *.785 3 *55 — m m m 180 ' 7 8

*745 1,723 18 246 5 3 m m m 171 19 6

*746 *,75* 7 250 5 8 - 170 17 10

*747 1,961 15 5 280 4 10 m m m 179 12 —

*748 1,722 19 10 246 2 7 m m tm. 210 19 7

23d February 1749.

Wm. Perkins, Deputy Receiver and Comptroller

of the Seal or Green Wax Office.

Annual Produce of the Seal Office, after deducting the Seventh Peny, and Charges of executing the Office, during which time it did not produce sufficient to pay the King's Rent.

*,623 16 10

1,628 *3 6

*,553 1 1

*.556 *5 11

*.454 *3 3

1,246 3 1

*,349 *4 6

*»3°5 *3 5

*»33° 18 1

1,501 18 7

1,265 *7 8

S'*d

s-t

C. n

S

Ordered, That the said Copy and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Cornewall presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner: And the same was received; and read the First tirfie.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Richard Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds within the Manor of Culcheth, in the County of Lancaster, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Clayton, Thomas Heys, Thomas Richardson, an Infant, Bate an Infant, John

Peter Heysford, Edward H, Henry Callam, Robert Leatherbarro/w, Ellen Clare, Widow, William Caldwell, Thomson of Stockport, Water house, Henry Caldwell, and Jean Speakman, Spinster, who are Charterers within

the Township of Culcheth, and have Right of Common for 271 Acres and a Half, and James John

Winsworth, John Higginson, Christopher Tates, John zakerley, Thomas Clayworth, Janies Lowe, Jeffery Flit-croft, John Winsworth, William Clayton, Charles Higginson, William Taylor, William Hardman, Mrs. Duckenfield, James Richardson, Bromilowe, who are Leasehold Tenants for Lives within the Township of Culcheth, and have Right of Common for 118 Acres: but that all the said Parties have been apprised of the intended Inclosure, several of whom said, they would not oppose the Bill; and others said, that their Rights were lo small, they would not concern themselves about it, and that none of them have appeared before the Committee to oppose the lame; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

York

&otdi»

Brampton

Bridge

Road«.

ttotit* o Silk.

American Laws relating to Maou factum.

Westminster

Writ.

23 Geo. II. 230 Februaru. 1015

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill* with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table; Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questton federally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. George Fox presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone, in the North-Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Ea-

fingwouldand Thirsk; and also the Road leading from the City of York to Boroughbridge, in the said Riding: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Edmund Isham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of , and the great Post Road from Morter-pi Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Lei-cefier; and for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Morler-Pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and chat the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and hei read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon China raw Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several-Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

Mr. John Pitt, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, purfoant to their Address to his Majesty, Copy of a Representation of the Board of Trade to the House of Lords, in pursuance of their Address to his Majesty, of the 13th of 1733, relating to the Laws made. Manufactures let up, and Trade carried on, in his Majesty's Plantations in,

dated January 23d, 173^-.

And the Title of the said Copy was read.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Copy is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

I'he Deputy Clerk of the Crown, attending, according Vol. 23

to Order, gave the House an Account of the Issuing of the Writ for the Electing of a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of I, in the room of the Right Honourable Granville Gower Esquire,

commonly called Lord Viscount Trent ham; who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One,

of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain which Writ was directed upon the 16th Day of November last to be made out.

Mr. John Crawfurd, Pursuivant or Messenger Extraordinary attending the Great Seal, attending, according to Order, was called in; and, at the Bar, examined touching the Sending of the said Writ to the Sheriff of the County of Middlesex.

And then he withdrew.

The Under-Sheriff of the County of Middlesex at* tending, according to Order, be was called in; and at the Bar, examined touching the issuing of a Precept in pursuance of the said Writ.

And then he withdrew.

The High Bailiff of the City of Westminster, attending, according to Order, was called in; and, being examined at the Bar, acquainted the House, That he is now in the Execution of the said Precept; that he had all along endeavoured to avoid all unnecessary Delay therein; and that if feme Delay has happened in the Scrutiny of the Poll taken at this Election, which he is now proceeding upon, it has been such only as he did not think he had sufficient Powers to prevent or remove.

And then he withdrew.

He was again called in:

And Mr. Speaker (by Direction of the House) recommended some Particulars of his Duty to him; and acquainted him. That if he met with any thing to obstruct him therein, which he could not prevent, he should apply to the House upon it, and might be allured of the Support of the House in the Discharge of his Duty; and that the House expected he would take care in general to expedite the Election as much as possible.

Upon which he expressed his great Readinels to conform himself to the Directions of the House; and laid, That he would use his bell: Endeavours to expedite the Election, and hoped to perform his Duty in general to the Satisfaction of the House.

And then he withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read, for thesHouse. Growth of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom ",nc* the Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters,

Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand labouring People depending lipon the Silk Trade, was referred.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw Silk imported from Spain, Italy, Turkey, and Russia, for Seven Years last past, with the Duties paid for the same, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of raw, thrown, and wrought Silks, which have been annually /imported into the Port of London from Spain and Italy, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1743, both inclusive, distinguishing each Species, each Year, and each Country, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of wrought Silks, or Goods mixed with Silk, which have been exported from the Port of London, for which a Drawback or'

Bounty is payable to the Exporter, from the Year 1718, to the Year 1749, both inclusive, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Thomas Gore reported from the Committee, That

\ they

Suitors in Chancery.

Leather

Exported.

Re-export t Cambricks.

IOl6 23® —

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 26° dieFebruarii;

Anno 23* Georgii Ildi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

THE House being informed. That some of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties attended at the Door:

Februarii. 174.9.

They were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, An Account of the net Produce of the Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and paid into the Bank of England, from the Commencement in 1726* to the Determination thereof, distinguishing each Year.

And then they withrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viou

A n ACC O U N T of the net Produce of the Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and paid into the Bank of England, from the Commencement in 1726, to the Determination thereof, d^f-tinguishing each Year.

£. d.

Stamp Office, Lincoln's

22 February 1749. Richard Skilly,

J.Plumptre,

Matt.

1727 4.825 5 10

1728 4.625 *9 3

1729 4,378 18 3

*73° 4,308 16 9

*73i 4,042 4 a

1732 3,876 *4 5

1733 3.694 5 9

*734 3,7°! 5 7

735 3.7'4 11 —

*736 3.898 7 8

1737 3.992 *4 1

738 3,661 16 9

*739; 3.569 8 3

1740 3'428 10 7

1741 3.242 6 4

1742 3*69 8 5

*743 2.834 *3 1

*744 2,960 *3 6

*745 3.0*7 2 6

*746 2,582 6 —

*747 *»°4*! 3 7i

£ 74,566 1 1 9i

ff. J. Fuller, pro Comptioft .-r.

The House being informed. That Mr. Paul, from the Commissionera ,of the Customs, attended at the Door; t

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of what Quantities of Leather have been exported, from the Year .1732, to the Year 1738, inclusive: And all'o.

An Account of Bonds given, with the Names of the Persons by whom such Bonds are given, for the Re-exportation of Cambticks fmee the Palling of the Act of the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns shewing how many of the said Bonds are discharged in full or inpart, distinguish-ing the Quantities of Cambricks re-exported since the passing the said Act, against the respective Bonds fodif-chnrged in Whole or in Part.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Account of what Quantities of Leather have been exported, from the Year 1732, to the

Year 173S, inclusive, do lie upon the Table, to be pe-rufed by, the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Account of Bonds given, with the Names of the Persons by whom ftveh Bonds are given for the Re-exportation of Cambricks since the Passing of the Act of the 18t h Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, shewing how many of the said Ronds are discharged in full or in Part, distinguishing tire Quantities, of Cambricks re-exported fmee the passing the said A«ft, against the respective Bonds so discharged in the Whole or in Part, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, wljofe Name^ate thereunto' subscribed, is referred.

The said Accounts are bound up with the other Papers of this Seffipp.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door.

fU

Iron im-portrt.

a 3 Geo. II. 26° Febm 1017

He was called in; and* at the Bar* prefqhted to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into, that Part of Great Britain , called Scotland, for Ten Years ,la(f pad, ending at Michaelmas 1749, from the; BrUish Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year, apd the Quantity imported from each Colony, and distinguishing also how much in and how much in Bar.

' And then he withdrew. t;

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perufed by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Hftddingtoun Sir Hugh Dalrymple presented to the House, according Roads. to Order, a* Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of and from

thence to Ravenjhaughburn, in the County of -

torn :And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.,

African Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Hill do this Pay attend the-Trade. Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, fnom the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Gloucester Mr. Selwyn nrdented to the House, according to, Streets, See. Order, a Bill for taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City of Glouctjler: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

St. George Mr. Belcher presented to the House, according to

Southwark Order, a Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon

Rectorial the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the

am enan Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and

his Successors, in lieu of Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Prosecution An ingrossed Bill to render Prosecutions for Perjury, for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titles be, An Act to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Middlesex Mr. Talbot reported from the Committee, to whom Small Debt*, the Bill for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesex; and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said County Court; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for exempting the City and Liberty of and that

Part of the Duchy of which lies within the

Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Srand, from the Jurisdiction of the County Court.

And the said Clause was brought up; and once read:

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second tims;

Vol.

[Itpafied in the Negative*

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill. -

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Strange reported from the Committee, to Wigaa . whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers granted Road*-

and continued by Two former Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and, amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of and for making the fiud Acts mom effectual; was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill* and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:. Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe presented to the House, HJrTinjj according to Order, a Bill for the Encouragement of the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, SedufHon of made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Artificers to King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the foreign Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the *c‘ Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur,

Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, ar.d of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hot- Walpole senior, Mr. Hardinge, Mr.

Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Southwell, Lord

Mr. Affleck, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Mr. Fonereau, Sir

Poole, Sir Charles Mordaunt. Lord Mr. Tracy,

Mr. Winnington, Sir Edm Thomas, Sir John Cujl, Mr.

.Bayntun, Mr. Northey, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Strange-,

Mr. Bacon, Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Hobart, Colonel

Townshend, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Neale, Mr.

Nor. Berkeley, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Barbor, Mr.

Mr. Conyers, Mr. Powney, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Sydenham, Sir Richard Warwick Mr.

Thornton, Mr. Benson, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Gray, Lord Harley, Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Robinson, Sir Peter,

Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Gildart, Sir Peter Warren, Sir IPm,

Beau. Profior, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Sir John Turner, Sir William Calvert, Mr. Oswald; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts, Somerset, Devon, Norfolk,

Essex, York, and Lancaster; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Peter Warren presented to the House, according to Westminster Or.der, a Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debt*, small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St.

izC Mary

1

African

Trade.

Expiring

Laws.

Ways and Means.

Supply.

African

Trade.

Growth of Silk in America.

1018 27'

Mary le Strand: And the same Was received j and reaid the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlettien* and Freeholders, of the Town of Kendall, in the County of Westmrland, was prefehted to the House, and read;

alleging. That the Petitioner* ate concerned to find a Design set on Foot to confine to the Port of London that Trade which has so long, and with such manifest Benefit to these Kingdoms, been carried on from several Out-ports to the African Coast, and from which the Petitioners think it a Detriment to the Community to have any of his MajestyY Subjects excluded, as the Petitioners cannot help thinking all Monopolies prejudicial to the publick Weal: And therefore praying. That a free Navigation to any Part of the said Coast may continuel open to all the Subjects of Great Britain, without a partial Distinttion in favour of any few, how considerable fofevet by their Weight; since a Community, When its Support and Maintenance is considered, ought, as the Petitioners conceive, to be estimated by its Numbers.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Gdrl-sideration of the Committee of the whole House; to whom it is referred to consider further of the Papers' presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee Who were'

appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; That the Committee bad inquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Rlace; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. lloblyn reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in- the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVeinesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Papers.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters, Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand labouring People depending upon the Silk Trade, was referred, be received upon Wednesday Morning next.

Februarit. A. *749.

Ordered, That the Account of *he ttfef Produce of the Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and paid into the Bank of England, from the Commencement in 17ft, to the Determination thereof, distinguishing each Year (this Day presented to the House) do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 270 FebruHrii;

Anno 23* Georgii III. Regis, 1749. Pratirs.

A BILL for repairing t life Road finotn a Place called Burton Stone, in the North Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton, hi the said Riding, through

Eafinrwould and 'Think; and also the Road leading from the City of Ifbrk to Boroughbridg, in the said Riding; was read a 9ec0hd time.

' Resolved, That1 the' Bill be committed to Mr. George Fox, Mr. Fellowesi Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hill, Mr. Wright, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Aijlabie, Mr. Laroche, Sir Charles Kemys lynte, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Mr. Benson, Mr.

Barbor, Mr. Clayton, 'Mr. Charlton, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Hampden, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Lord Harley, Mr. Northey, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Orme, Mr. Ockendeh, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Poore, (Mr. Sir B.

Mr. Taaffe, Sir John Saville, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Waller, Mr. Barne, Mr. Warbnrton, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Winnington, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Earle, Mr. Merrick Burrell, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Carter, Mr. Whichcot, Mr. Wm. Levefoh Gower, Sir Thomas Robitrflm, Mr. Anson, Admiral Knowles,

Mr. Montagu, Colonel Leighton, Lord Harley, Mr. Chetwynd', Lord Gage, Colonel , Lord Luxbotough, Mr. Amy and, S\r Ken. Clayton, Mr. Curzon, Mr. Chester, Mr. Pitt, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Webb, Lord Burleigh, General Onslow; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Westmorland, Cumberland, Northumberland, and Lancaster, and for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all the Members who serve for the County of Suffolk be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to amend and render more effectual an Att, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and of all Persons employed in the said several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; is committed.

A Petition of the Tanners of Leather in and about the Town of Sheffield, in the County of York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Furnaces and Forges for the Making of Iron from the Ore in Pig, and from thence into Bar, for supplying and accommodating the Iron Manufacture carried on in and about the said Town, are erected and employed; and that, for constantly providing the said Iron Works with Charcoal, many

Spring

Suitors in Chancery.

York Roadi.

Sedudiou of Artificers to foreign Parts,

Import of Iron from America.

Import of Iron from America.

35 Geo. II. 270 Februarii. to19

Spring Wodds are preservfed add cohtirtued within the the said Wdrks, amongst whom, upon a moderate Corn* Neighbourhood thereof; and, for the Conveniehce of a- putotion, One htmdred thouQnd Pounds a Year, andj Supply of Bark of Oak (without Which tanned Leather Upwards}, are expended in Wages; and who, if the Iron cannot be made) from the Falls of such Woods, the Works of this Kingdom should be unemployed, would Petitioners have let tied themfelVfes in and about the Aid be reduced to the greatest Wants, or be forced to feelc Town; and have of late Yeats greatly improved and their livelihood in foreign Countries: And, if the Con-enlarged the said Business and Trade, to the Advantage of sequencesdreaded by the Petitioners, as above set forth, the kingdom, and the Ihcreaft of his Majesty's Revenue: should happen, whereby the Iron Works and Forges in

And alleging. That should the Bill, now depending irt England should become useless, and that Branch of Trade the House, for taking off the Duty on Pig and Bdf be loft, by the Destruction of Woods now preserved for Iron imported from his Majesty's Colonies in America that Purpose, and thereby the Dependence of aril the'Iron into this Kingdom, pass into a Law, the Petitioners ate Manufactures of this Kingdom for a Supply of Iron, in apprehensive that it would give such Erieoutagement to lieu of Iron, should. be upon the Importation of the Making of Bar Iron in those Colonies (plentifully that from the Plantations; fubraitting it to the Considera-and cheaply supplied with Wood and Materials for that tion of the House, whether, by, the Removal of our Purpose) and to the Importing of it into this Kingdom, Manufactures abroad, or from the Scarcity of Iron at that English I ton could not be afforded upon equal Terms home, by reason of the Danger arid Uncertainty of its

with the American Iron; and that, if lb, the said Forges; Importation (in case of War) many Thousand Families in now in full Ule and Employment, the Petitioners con- the Neighbourhood of the fold Town may not be thrown ceive, would in great measure be neglected and discom idle, and reduced to Want and Misery: And therefore tinued; many Spring Woods, now preferred for the praying, That so much of the said Bill, as relates to the Supply of such Forges and Furnaces with Charcoal, would taking off the Duties on Bar Iron imported from the said be cleared or holted, and the Petitioners would thereby Colonies into this Kingdom, may not pass into a Law; be deprived of a Supply of Oak Bark sufficient for the and that such Provision be made for the Preservation and ContinUhflce of their Trades, to the Overthrow of that Continuance of the Iron Works of this Kingdom, as to useful and valuable Business, and to the Ruin of the the House shall seem meet. /

Petitioners; and that, should the said Bill be confined And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie to the Taking off of the Duty on Pig Iron only, and a upon the Table until the Bill to encourage the Importation Duly yet remain upon Bar Iron imported from the said of Pig land Bar Iron from; and to prevent; the,

Colonies, the Petitioners cannot be apprehensive of any making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling such Consequehces sts ate to be feared from the present Mills in the British Colonies there; be read a Second Intent of the Bill; because the Petitioners conceive, that time. . though the Number of Furnaces for melting down Iron

Ore should be lessened, a proportionable Number of A Bill for securing the sole Property, Benefit, and

Forges Would be erected for making Pig Iron into Bar, as Advantage, Of an Engine invented by Israel

would still require all the Charcoal the said County coaid deceased, for railing Ballast, Sullage, and Sand, and for "

supply: And therefore praying, That so hiuch of the said removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and

Bill, as relates to the free Importation of American Irdn Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for

in Bar, may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners a certain Term of Years, was read a Second time.

may have such Provision for Preservation of their Trade, RThat the Bill be committed to Mr.

as the Nature of their same requires, and the House Mr. Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Carter, Sir Francis

shall think meet. Poole, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hay, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Barne,

A Petition of the Iron-masters, Owners, Proprietors, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Charles Frederick, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. and Farmers of Furnaces and Iron Forges, in and about Earle, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Trelawney, Lord Baltimore, the Town of Sheffield, in the County of Turk, whose Mr. Mr. Cornewall, Mr. Batkurjl, Mr.

Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the well. Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Pierfe, Admiral Vernon,

House, and read; setting forth, That, for supplying and Sir John Colonel. Leighton, Mr. Fox, Mr. IVode-

accommodating the great and valuable Manufactory of house, Mr. Mr. Fazakerley, l\lr.

Cutlery Wares, established in and about the said Town, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Shultleworth, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Gray, with British Iron, the Petitioners are largely concerned Mr. Sandys, Mr. Sir Conyers D'Arcy, Lord

and engaged in Furnaces, Forges, and other Iron Works, Parker, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Grant, Sir 'Thomas

and have been from time to time at great Expences in Mr. Charles Townshend, Lord Egmont; and all the erecting and supporting the said Works; and that under Members who serve for the Sea-port Towns: And they the Petitioners, and others the Ifon-masters of this King- are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the dom, great Numbers of People are employed in getting Speaker's Chamber. 1

Ore, cutting and leading Wood and Charcoal, melting

and manufacturing Iron, by means whereof many Thou- A Bill for the better paving, repairing; and preferring, Kingston lands of his Majesty's Subjects are at this Day maintained and for the cleansing and enlightening, the Streets of the "Pon Hull and supported: And alleging. That if the Bill, now under Town of Kingston upon Hull; and for keeping and main- &c*

Consideration of the House, so far as relates to the faking taining a Nightly Watch there; and for preventing off the Duty on Bar Iron imported into this Kingdom Dangers of Fire from' the Ships in the Haven of the said from his Majesty's Colonies in Arhetica, should pass into a Town; was read a Second time.

Law, the Petitioners are very apprehensive that it cannbt . Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to Mr. Carter, in any degree lessen the Consumption of Swedish Iron, Mr. Barbor, Lord Rob. Manners, Mr. Lev. Gower, Sir the latter being used in, and fit for, Purposes which Lud. Grant, Colonel Bofcawen, Mr. Ker, Mr. Hay, Mr. neither the American not British Irons will suit; but that Middleton, Mr. Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Charles

the Petitioners have great Reason to fear, that such En- Townshend, Mr. Browne, Mr. , Mr. Williams, Mr. couragement will by thfe said Bill be given to the Making Colleton, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Owen, Mr. of Bar Iron in those Colonies (plentifully and cheaply Wilson, Mr. Powney, Mr. Mr. Edwin, Colonel

supplied with Wood, and other Materials, for that Purpose) Stanwix, Mr. Salusbury, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Erskine, and to the importing of it into this Kingdom Duty-free, Mr. Richards, Mr. Bap. Lev. , Mr. Rich. Lev. the British Iron cannot be afforded upon equal Terms Gower, Mr. Sir John Barrington, Mr. Gildart,

with the American Iron, to the great Detriment of the Mr. Hume, Mr. Wdr bur ton, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Vane,

Petitioners, and many others concerned rn the Iron Works Mr. , Lord Galway, Colonel Vane, Mr. Bacon,

of this Kingdom; to the Overthrow of that Valuable Mr. Monckton, Sir Rich. Wrottesley, Lord Burghley,

Branth of the British Trade, and to the Impoverishing Mr. Lyster, Mr. Proby, Mr. Barlow, Mr.

of many Thousand Labourers and Workmen emtpiloyed in Sir J Sir IJbam, Mr. Lord Bal-Vol. 25. timore,

Westminster

Market.

Brampton Bridge Roads.

Culcheth

Inclosure.

Wigan

Roads.

1020 27* Februarii. A. 1749.

timore; and all the Members who serve for the Counties continued by Two former Acts of Parliament, for repair-of York, Nottingham, and Lincoln: And they are to meet ing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan this- Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's to Prein the County Palatine of and for Chamber. making the said Acts more effectual.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange do carry the Bill to A Bill for assigning a Place proper for holding the the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Market in the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient

Market-place called The RoundWoolstaple-, and for regu- Sir Peter Warren presented to the House, according St. Martin ia

lating the said Market; was read a Second time. to Order, a Bill for making a better and more effectual the Field*

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter Prorifion for the Relief of the Poor; for the cleansing roor»«-Warren, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Townshend, Sir and paving the Streets; and for the keeping a Nightly Conyers D'Arcy, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Carter, Admiral Watch; within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields,

Vernon, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Bathurst, Mr ^Barbor, Lord within the Liberties of the City of Westminster: And the

Harley, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Hardinge, Sir same was received; and read the First time.

Rich. Wrottesley, Mr. Geo. Fox, Mr. Kvnafton, Mr. Oswald, Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Chester, Mr. Compton, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Popham, Mr. Shuttleworth, Mr. Laroche, A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, ciandeftint

- Mr. Hoblyn, Colonel Madan, Mr. Belchier, General of Chandlers and Soap-makers, within the City of Bristol, Running of Onslow, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hamilton, Sir Nath. Curzon, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and So*P*

Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Talbot, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. read; setting forth.That the Petitioners, and othersof their

Thornhagh, Mr. Torke, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Trade and Bu fin efs, have been for many Years past, and Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Wilson, still continue to be, great Sufferers by the Running of Soap Mr. Harris, Mr. Knight ley. Lord Strange, Mr. Henley, and Candles into this Kingdom from Ireland, and that the Mr. Phillipjon, Mr. Hume, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Mellish; publick Revenue thereby likewise sustains a very great

and all the Members who serve for the County of Lois; and that, by a just and necessary Law now in being,

Middlesex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at the Exporting of Soap and Candles to the West Indies (and Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. which is a Part of the Cargo of most Ships going thither)

is vested in the Subjects of Britain iandthat nqCandles

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers or Soap can be exported from Ireland to any of the granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for Islands, under the Penalty of forfeiting Ship and Cargo; amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to notwithstanding which, the Petitioners have great Cause Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the and Reason to fear, that they shall be deprived of the great Poll Road from Morter-pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, Export Trade, a Method having been found out to evade leading into Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester-,the said Law, by importing Candles and Soap from

and for explaining and making more effectual the said to England, paying the Duties chargeable thereon, and Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from exporting the tame again immediately-to the Morter-pitt Hill and Brampton Bridge, to the Town of by an Cocket (many Hundred Boxes, as the

Northampton; was read the Third time. Petitioners are informed, having been lately imported into

The Amendment following was proposed to be made the Ports of Liverpool and Lancaster for that Purpose); to the Bill; viz. and that, on such Export, Candles draw back all the

Pr. 16. L. 3. To leave out "Ten," and insert Duty paid at Importation, except Six Shillings and Eight "Eight." Pence per Hundred Weight; and Soap the like, except

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, One Shilling and Five Pdnce; which leaves considerably agreed to by the House: less than Irish Tallow pays on Importation in England,

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. and for which the Petitioners have no Drawback, but Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title are obliged to make use of it, as English Tallow is very be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted unfit for the Export Trade; and that, by these Practices, and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Petitioners Trade will soon be ruined, unless some the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Alteration be made in the present, Laws, which the Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Post Petitioners apprehend are very unequal, as they pay a Duty Road from Morter-pitt Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into of near One Peny per Pound on Irish Tallow imported, Market-Harborough, in the County of Leicester-, and for and have no Drawback on Exportation after it is manu-explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and fastured and made into Soap and Candles; and the Irish, also for repairing the Roads leading from Morter-pitt Hill or Merchants residing in England, who export those Sort and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton. of Commodities which are made in Ireland, and of Irish

Ordered, That Sir Edmund Isham do carry the Bill to Tallow, are allowed a Drawback on Exportation, which the Lords, artd desire their Concurrence. leaves behind so much less than the Subjects of Great Britain pay for Irish Tallow imported; the Consequence An ingrossed Bill for confirming Articles of Agreement of which will be, that the Irish will have all the Trade to for inclosing and dividing the Commons and Waste the West Indies, as our Merchants will find their Account Grounds, within the Manor of Culeheth, in the County in purchasing these Commodities from them; and that the of Lancaster, was read the Third time. Importation of Irish Tallow will cease, and the Revenue

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, be deprived of the Duties arising therefrom; and that it An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing is very apparent the Trade of the Petitioners is greatly and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds, within decayed, for that the usual Consumption of Soap and the Manor of Culcheth, in the County of Lancaster. Candles at home (especially on the.Sea Coast) is how in

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Clayton do carry the Bill to general supplied by Smuggling from Ireland-, and that as the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. the foreign Trade is and will be carried on in the manner

before-mentioned, the Petitioners will be rendered inca-An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers pable of supporting themselves and Families: And that granted and continued by Two former Acts of Parlia- therefore the Petitioners lay these their Grievances before ment, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads the House; and hope that the House will be pleased to from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lan-take them into their serious Consideration, and grant the easter-, and for making the said Acts more effectual; was Petitioners such Relief as the House shall think fit. read the Third time. A Petition of the Traders in the Borough of Bodmin,

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and That by the pernicious and evil Practices now and for

23 several

Exporting

Bouncy

Goods m ______

Brktth Slupj j^jngCjom> and of British Seafrien, has been always present Parliament for the County of in the

deemed of the highest Importance to the Publick, and is room of Sir Smithson Baronet, now Earl of /

an Object which the Legislature hath had particular Re- Northumberland, called up to the House of Peers, gard to in the several Laws that have been made, relating to Navigation; and that, notwithstanding the Encourage- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Read- Importing ment provided by those Laws for the Increase of British ing of the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and J[on from Ships and Navigators, a very considerable Diminution of Bar Iron from America; and to prevent the Making of menca* Freight in British Ships to foreign Parts hath been of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills, in late Years unhappily experienced, several Ships having the British Colonies there}

been upon that Account sold to Foreigners, and that other A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Freeholders Vessels are now perishing for want of Employment; and of the County of Hereford, waspresented to the House, that this Decrease of Freight, and consequently of British and read; expressing the Apprehensions of the Petitioners Shipping, has been attended with very pernicious Con- of the ill Consequences which will fall on the Petitioners, sequences to this Kingdom, by neceflitating several able and many others engaged in the Iron Trade, and possessed Seamen, as also Shipwrights, Artificers and Manufacturers of Estates in the Neighbourhood of Iron Works, should employed in, and depending upon, the Building and the said Bill pass into a Law: And representing to the Fitting out of Ships, to quit their native Country, in House, That the Importation of Iron in Pigs, Sow?, and order to seek a Livelihood in foreign Parts; by preju- Bars, from America into these Kingdoms free of Duty, dicing the landed Interest, in lessening the Consumption mull in a few Years intirely destroy the Furnaces and of Corn and Victual; and by decreasing the publick Re- Forges ip Great Britain, to the great Prejudice of the . venues upon the Importation of Timber, Plank, Pitch, , Possessors of Woodlands, and other Landholders; to the and several other Materials; as also by diminishing the intire Ruin of many Thousand Families, supported and Number of Seamen trained up in the Merchants Service, maintained in the Railing, Making, and Manufacturing, from whence alone the Royal Navy can be manned in case . of Iron, ^nd other necessary Branches of that useful and of Emergency, and thereby in effect weakening and in- beneficial Trade: and to the vast Increase of the Poor, feebling the Safety and Security of this Kingdom in Time . already very numerous, and burthensome to the Inhabi-of War: And alleging. That the Petitiopers conceive tants of that Part of the Kingdom: And therefore that Bounties and Debentures allowed upon the Exporta- praying the House, That, the Petitioners may be heard, lion of Goods were intended and designed for the Benefit by their Gounfel, against the said Bill, of Trade in general, and for the particular Encouragement A Petition of the Gentlemen, Possessors of Iron Mines, and Advantage of the Shipping and Navigation of this Woodlands, Furnaces, Forges, and other IronWorks,

Kingdom; but that of late Years the greatest Part of the and likewise those concerned in carrying on the Iron Trade,

' said Exportation has been carried on in foreign Ships, ari- in the County of Gloucester, was also presented to the sing in some degree, as the Petitioners apprehend, from a House, and read; alleging, That, should the said Bill Partiality which foreign Merchants, apd others resident in pass into a Law, it mull not only be the intire Ruin of . this Country, have for, and a Preference which they give the Petitioners, but of many Thousands in the said Coun-to, the Employment of foreign Vessels; and that this ty, whose foie Livelihood depends on the Woodlapds and Partiality and Preference has even upon some Occasions Iron Works; and that it is well known in the said County, induced them to load their own Country Ships, when the by Experience, that the American Iron can only interfere Freight would have been taken on board British Vessels with the Iron of this Kingdom, and not with the upon easier Terms; and that the Restraining of the Ex- it being of the same Nature and Quality of ours, and the portation of Bounty and Debenture Goods from this King- greatest Part of it not even so good for making Tools as dom, and Provisiens from Ireland, to British Ships only, that made in the said County: And representing to the would greatly tend to the Increase of Shipping and Sea- House the miserable Condition the Petitioners mud be men, and to the Improvement and Extension of the Na- reduced to, by having their Works rendered useless, their vigation of these Kingdoms; and that many good Effcds Woodlands of no Value, and Thousands of Poor brought have arisen from the Limiting of the Exportation of Corn upon their Parishes for want of Work: And alleging, to British Ships; and that the Petitioners apprehend, that That very few of the Woodlands, of which there, are no Detriment would accrue, from the above-mentioned upwards of Threescore thousand Acres in the said County, Restriction, to the Commerce and Intercourse of this Na- can be turned to any other Uses, the Soil being generally tion with foreign States in Time of Peace; and that par- rocky, ^ind not fit for ploughing, and much ieis proper ticular Powers might be vested in the Crown, to remedy to be turned to Pasture: And further representing to the any Inconvenience that might arise thereupon in Time of House another great Loss the Petitioners mud annually War; and that, by this Restriction, the Frauds in the feel by their Woods being destroyed, from the Sale of Re-landing of Goods, upon which Bounties or Debentures their Bark for carrying on the Leather Trade in England Vol. 25. 12 D and

23 Geo. II.

270 Felruarii.

1021

several Years pad carried on in running Soap from land upon the Coast of Wales, Cornwall, and other Places in the British Chanel, the Petitioners, and others concerned in the Trade and Business of Soap-making, are very great Sufferers, and have sensibly felt a general Decay in their Trade, to their great Damage and Loss, and to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue; and that Soap is brought from Ireland in Coasting Vessels, wrapt in Papers, in small Parcels, concealed in the Cielings and other Parts of the Ships, and so easily carried on Shoie: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that a Law may be passed to restrain and prevent these evil P rad ices for the future, either by totally prohibiting the Importation of the said Commodity, or by any other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Merchants, Owners and Mailers of Ships, and others, was presented to the House, and

( % t-ftnnr fnrtIs tlw> Inrrpdfr* nf flip Qlnnninty nf

are allowed, would be in a great degree prevented, by obliging the Mailers of Ships to produce, upon their Return, Vouchers of the Delivery of their Cargoes; which Frauds may be practised by Foreigners with Impunity', as they may never return to a British Port, and never produce Vouchers of the Delivery of such Goods; and that it is from the deep Concern the Petitioners feel upon observing the Freight and Navigation between these Kingdoms and several Countries engrossed by Foreigners, to the great Improvement of/their Navigation and Shipping, and the Increase of their maritime Force, and to the proportional Reduction of ours, and of the Strength and Riches of this Country, that the Petitioners are induced to submit this Matter to the Consideration of the House: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to give such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Eledinef of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this

Middlesex

Writ.

1622 27 Februa^ A. 1749.

and Ireland, to which lad Kingdom great Quantities are fors of Iron Mines, Woodlands, Furnaces, Forges, and yearly exported from hence, and without which that King- other Iron Works, and likewise those concerned in car-dom could not c arry on the Tanning Trade, no more rying on the Iron Trade, in the County of Gloucester than England will he aide to do if the Coppice-woods are (this Day also presented to the House) be referred to the grubbed up; as they mud be, in order to try to make Consideration of the said Committee: And that thefePe-tome little Advantage of the Soil: And further repre- titioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counfef, fenting to the House, That there are Iron Mines and Iron before the said Committee, upon their laid Petition. Cinders of an immense Value in many Parts of the said Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, County, which mud: be totally loft to the Proprietors, and Freeholders, of the County of Monmouth (this Day who will be deprived of the Benefit of felling the fame, also presented to the House) be referred to the Considera-as they now do, to the Use of the Iron Works: And tion of the said Committee: And that these Petitioners therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by if they think fit, be heard, by their Count'd, before the their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law. said Committee, upon their said Petition.

Importing \ Petition of the Gentlemen. Clergy, and Freeholders, Ordered, That the Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and

America" the County of Monmouth, was also presented to the Commonalty, of the Town and Borough of Monmouth,

House, and read; alleging, That the Importation of Pig in the County of Monmouth (this Day also presented to Iron and Bar Iron from America into this Kingdom Duty- the House) be referred to the Consideration of the said free must in loine few Years intirely destroy the Furnaces Committee: And that these Petitioners, if they think fir, and Forges in the said County; and that the Proprietors be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, of Woodlands, and Landholders, must be greatly injured . upon their laid Petition.

if the said Bill pass into a Law: And therefore praying, Ordered, That the Petition of the Tanners of Leather That the Petitioners may, by their Counsel, be heard in and about the Town of Sheffield, in the County of against the said Bill; and that the House will take the York, whole Names are thereunto subscribed (this Day Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners also presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon such Relief as the House shall think fit. the Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill) be

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, referred to the Consideration of the said Committee, of the Town and Borough of Monmouth, in the County Ordered, That the Petition of the Iron-masters, Own-

of Monmouth, was also presented to the House, and read; ers, Proprietors, and Farmers, of Furnaces and Iron alleging, That the Allowance of the Importation of Pig Forges, in and about the Town in the County

and Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America of York, whose Names are thereunto subscribed (this Day Duty-free will greatly affect, if not totally ruin, all the also presented to the House, and ordered to lie upon the Furnaces and Forges in this Kingdom; and that the Fur- Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill) be re-nacesand Forges in this Kingdom are of the utmost Conferred to the Consideration of the said Committee, sequence to it, as they employ so many Thousands of poor

Workmen, who, with their Families, might'otherwise A Petition of futidry Ironmongers, and Manufacturers become burthensome to their Parillics, as they occasion so of Iron, in the County of Stafford, in behalf of themselves^ great a Consumption of the Necessaries of Life, and so and others trading to his Majesty's Plantations in America, great a Circulation of Money, which must decrease in was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the proportion as such Works are destroyed or affected by Petitioners, having taken notice that a Bill is brought into such a Bill j and that the Ruin of our Furnaces and Forges the House to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar at home may greatly afteft the Woods and Wdbdlands in Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America, are appre-this Nation, and oblige their Proprietors to convert such 'hensive that the Increase of Irott Wotks will tend to in-of them as are convertible to other Purposes much to crease the Iron Manufacture, which is already very con-their Diladvantage; but that some of those Lands, being siderable in many of those Provinces, to the great Dit-mountainous and rocky, are incapable of any other Cul- advantage of the Iron Manufacture in this Kingdom: turc; and, should the present Consumption of Wood be And therefore praying, That, if the said Bill should pass suppressed or diminHhed, the said Proprietors will be the into a Law, the Inhabitants of the said Colonies may, lew capable of paying the ij-Tythes, Land Tax, and other in the strongest manner, be restrained from carrvingon Rates, to which they are now liable to contribute; and the Iron Manufacture there (which, if carried on, will that the Tanning Trade, so beneficial to this Nation, m«^y bring. several Thousand Families in this Kingdom to also be deprived of the great Supplies of Bark they now Distress and Poverty) by such Provisions and Clauses in receive from the Woods-, should the Woodlands be con- ;the said Bill as to the House shall seem meet, verted to other Uses; arrd that the Petitioners apprehend Ordered,; That the said Petition be referred to the themselves the more immediately concerned in the Conic- Consideration of the Committee of the whole I louse, to quences of the said Bill, as there arefeveral Furnaces and whom the said Bill is committed.'

Forges, and vastQuantirifcs of Woodlands, in some Places, ' " 4

for Miles together, in the Neighbourhood of the Peti- The Order Of the Day being read, for receiving the tioners, and that therefore they may be'greatly affected Report from the'Committee of the whole House, to thereby: And therefore praying the House to take the whom the Bill for repealing the Duties now payable upon Premises into Consideration, and not to suffer the said China raw Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu Bill to pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners miy be thereof, was committed.

heard, by their Counsel, against it, or otherwise relieved ‘ That Mr. Horatio senior do make

as to the House shall seem meet. the said Report.

Then the said Bill was read a Second time. Mr. Horatio Walpole senior accordingly reported from

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. the said Committee, the Amendments which the Com-

Refoliied, That the Bill be Committed to a Committee mittee had made to the Bill; and which he was direifted of the whole House. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Seven- ' Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments upon the said Bill. were once read throughout; and then a Second time, cne

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, and other by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, Freeholders, of the County of Hereford (this Dav pre- were agreed to by the House.

fented to the House) be referred to the Consideration of An Amendment was proposed. to be made to the Bill, the said Committee: And that the Petitioners, if they in Fo. 1. L. 15. by inferring, after " Silk," the Words think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the^ said " capable of being organzined

Committee, upon their said Petition.: ' And the Question being put, That those Words be

Ordered, That the Petition of the Gentlemen, Posses- there inserted; '

- ' It

Importing Iron from America.

Du tic* od Silk.

3 Geo. II. 270 — 28° Februarii. — 1° Martii, 1023

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

giofl'ed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Expiring Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who law*, were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, 28 )

Anno 23° Georgii IIa Regis, 1749. Prayers.

Office of A B I L L for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner. MX. Coroner, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

m r # # m

Refo/ved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole 1 louse.

Rfolved-, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Duticion ‘^n ingrossi-'d Kill for repealing the Duties now payable Silk. upon China raw Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titlebe, An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon China raw Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Tower Ordered, That Samuel George Gil bourne, and

Hamlets William Monk, Attorneys of the Court of tuc King's mall Debts. pajacfi 0|r Westminster, beat Liberty to withdraw their Petition relating to the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of fniajl Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower 6i London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Pr.ccinfts, arid Places, within the said Hamlets.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, and to whole Consideration the iaicj Petition is referred, be.dii'charged from proceeding further upon the said Petition.

Pnrfcmtion Colonel Leighton reported from the Committee, to Game, wfiom the Bill to limit the Time, for killing the Game within this Kingdom, for the better. Preservation of the ' Breed thereof, was committed, That the Committee? had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House;, and he read the Report in his Place; and'afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon t lit Question severally put thereupon, some of them were difitgreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several'of 1them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing that this Act shall be read once every Year at the General or Quarter-Sessions next after Christmas:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Afrioan The House, according to Order, relblved itself into a Trade. Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Vox. 25.

the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of this instant February, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hob/yn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblynreported from the Committee, That they

had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Papers.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Growth of whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the America Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throwfters, Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand labouring People depending upon the Silk Trade, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Expiring were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near Lawi. expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued j be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

t

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, i° die Martii;

Anno 230 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers,

AN ingossed Bill for preventing Delays and Expences Middlefe* lin the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlt- Small Debt*. fete; and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said County Court; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 22. After " assembled," to insert " or the " major Part of them, the said County Clerk and Suitors " so aflerribled

L. 28. After " them," to insert "or the major P&rt of them so assembled."

r And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

- ‘ Arid the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals t And that the Title be.

An Act for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of M; and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said t County Court.

Ordered, That Mr. Talbot do carry the Bill to the '

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.;

A- Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Bir- African mingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting Trade, forth, That the Petitioners are informed a Scheme is proposed to Parliament, by a few West-India Planters in the

City of London, to confine the Trade to the principal Parts of the Coast of Africa, and the Benefit of the 'British Forts and Settlements on that Coast, in the Hands of a Joint-Stock trading Company, to the great Prejudice of the rest of his Majesty's Subjects: And alleging,

That the Petitioners are' fully convinced Freedom of Trade in all its Branches is the best Meahs, nay absolutely necessary at this Day, to promote the Flourishing and Improvement of it in this Kingdom; and that all exetufive

Companies, in proportion to the Extent of them, rriuft inevitably be attended with proportionable mischievous Consequence to the Trade, and this Nation in1 general;

17 and

American Laws respecting Trade.

Growth of Silk in America.

African

Trade.

1024 l0 — 2° Martii. ' A. 1749.

and that the Truth of this has been in no Instancemore fully verified than in our Trade to ,which never flourished while confined to a Company, but always appeared in a very low and languid State in their Hands; but, since rendered open and free to all the Subjects, has been extended to such a Pitch, that the whole Nation sensibly experiences the great Advantages of it; and the said Town in particular for several Years past, from the great Quantities of Iron and Brass Manufactures which they have furnished for all Parts of the Trade on the Coast of Africa: And therefore praying, That this Branch of our foreign Commerce may (till remain in its present Freedom; and that the British Forts and Settlements on the African Coast may be put into such Hands, and under such a Regulation, as to the House shall seem meet, to give every Adventurer an equal Share in the Benefits of them, without Partiality or Distinction.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Papers presented to the House, upon tlje Sixth Day of February last, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Copy of a Representation of the Board of Trade to the House of Lords, in pursuance of their Address to his Majesty, of the 13th of June 1733, relating to the Laws made. Manufactures set up, and Trade carried on, in his Majesty's Plantations in America, dated January 23d, 173! (which was presented to this House upon Friday the 23d Day of February last, in pursuance of an Address from this House to his Majesty) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of this House.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, Weavers, Throw-fters, Dyers, and other Manufacturers of raw and thrown Silks, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousand labouring People depending upon the Silk Trade, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it will greatly tend to the Increase and Improvement of the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom, to encourage the Growth and Culture of Silk in his Majesty's Dominions in America.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable on raw Silks imported from his Majesty's Dominions in America do cease, determine, and be no longer paid.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed; to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Sir Cal-

vert and Mr. Colleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committtee of the whole House, to consider further of the Papers presented to the House upon the 6th Day of February last, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had come to severalResolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Expiring were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near ^*ws-expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vtneris, 2° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii IId‘ Regis, 1749.

Praters,

THE House being informed. That Mr. Matthews, Dutie* «a from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Leather-Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Produce of all the Duties payable on Leather, from the Year 1732, to the Year 1738, inclusive.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lieupon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Traders in the Borough of Tregony, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That by the pernicious and evil Practices now and for several Years past carried on in running Soap from Ireland upon the Coast of Wales, Cornwall, and other Places in the British ChaneL the Petitioners, and others concerned in the Trade and Business of Soap-making, are very'great Sufferers, and have sensibly felt a general Decay in their Trade, to their great Damage and Loss, and to the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue: That Soap is brought from Ireland in Coasting Vessels, wrapt in Paper in small Parcels, concealed in the Ciclings, and other Parts of the Ship, and lb easily Carried on Shore: And therefore praying the House to take the same of the Petitioners into Consideration; and that a Law may be passed to restrain and prevent these evil Practices for the future, either by totally prohibiting the Importation of the said Commodity, or by any other Means as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ac- Conveying count of Money paid, and Bills of Exchange drawn, Settlers to for the Charges incurred by transporting to his Majesty's ^ov* Scoaa* Colony of 'Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private ' Men, dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty's Subjects, now settled in the said Colony.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Charges of supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1750.

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships trading Whitby in Coals at the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, Blyth, Seaton Harbour. Sluice, Culler Coats, or other Harbours, Members of the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That by the Bill, depending in the House, for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, whereby it is intended, that, for the rebuilding or repairing, and raising, where needful, the West and East Piers of the said Harbour of Whitby, and for taking away the remaining Part of the Stone Rock at the Entrance of the said

Clandestmc

Running of Soap, Sc c.

23 Geo. II. 20 Martu. 1025

said Harbour, and repairing and making sufficient the Mr. Hume reported from the Committee, to whom the

Way from the West Pier to the said Town of Whitby, Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers

and placing proper Moorings for Ships thereon; and fur- of Br Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto sub-

ther improving the said Harbour; an additional Duty of scribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was

One Farthing perChaldron shall be paid by the Master or referred, That the Committee had examined the Matter of

Owner of every Ship that shall load or ship any Coals at Fact contained in the said Pet ition; and had directed him

the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, or at Sunderland, Blyth, to report a State thereof to the House; -and he read the

Staton Sluice, Culler Coates, or any other Harbour, Colliery, Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the

or Place, that is, or is reputed to be, a Member of the said Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as

Port of Newcastle upon Tyne; and that the Petitioners con- followeth; viz.

ceive, that the paying the said additional Duty of One The Committee find the Fa<ft contained in the said Farthing per Chaldron on all Coals loaden or shipped at Petition to be as followeth; viz.

the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, or at Blythe, Seaton Sluice, That the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth hath, by the Culler Coates, or other Harbours, Members of the Port of Encouragement given to it by Parliament, come toa great Newcastle upon Tyne, will be highly prejudicial to the Perfection, and been of great Advantage to this Kingdom,

Trade of the said Port and Harbours, and a very great doth appear by the following Evidence; viz.

Hardship to the Petitioners; loralmuch as the Petitioners Mr. who is and hath been Master

cannot possibly receive any Benefit or Advantage whatso- Sail-maker of his Majesty's Yard at Deptford, arj for ever from the said Piers and Harbour of Whitby, the Thirteen Years before, the Foreman, and near Forty Years same being of no Ule to Colliers or Coasting Vessels of in that Trade, being examined, said. That this Manufac-any considerable Burthen to run into for Safety in bad ture is come to great Perfection, and, if well manufactured.

Weather; and that the Petitioners conceive the only Per- is better than foreign Sail-cloth, and answers all that can fons who can be benefited by rebuilding or repairing the be desired; and, since the Bounty given on Exportation said Piers, or further improving the said Harbour, will of the fame, many Persons have entered into, and carried be the Inhabitants, Matters and Owners of Ships, of the on, that Manufacture, who have endeavoured to out do Town of Whitby: And therefore praying, That the Peti- each other; by which means the Royal Navy hath been tioners may be heard, by their Counsel, what they have to fully supplied with the best of Sail-cloth at a cheaper Rate offer against the said Bill; or that they may have such than when served by Foreigners before this Manufactory other Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet. was set up.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, Then there was produced to the Committee an Extract until the said Bill be read a Third time: And that the from the Books of the Navy-Office; by which it appeared.

Petitioners, if they think fit, be then heard, by their that the following Prices were given, at the different Counsel, upon their Petition, against the said Bill. Periods, for Dutch Canvas; viz.

Haddingtoun A Bill for repairing the Roads leading from

Roads. Bridge to the Town of and from thence to

Ravenfhavghburn, in the County of Haddingtoun, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh -rymple. Colonel Haldane, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Thornton, Sir Cordel Firebrace, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Prqwfe, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Bayntun, General Onslow, Mr. Colleton, Lord Gage, Mr. Griffin, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wi/fon, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr Carmichael, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Webb, Mr. Mr.

Williams, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Farrington, Major Fairfax, Mr. Cornewall, Lord Egmont, Sir Nath. Mr.

Curzon, Sir DanversOfburn, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Lyjler, Colonel Seluyn, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Compton, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Poole, Mr.

Fletcher, Mr. Yorke, Mr. War burton, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Aldworth, Mr. Townfltend, Mr.; and all the

Members wholervefor the Counties of Haddingtoun, Berwick, Edinburgh, Westmorland, Cumberland, and Northumberland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Gloucester A Bill for taking down several Buildings, and en-Scrccts, See.Jarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City of Gloucester, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Selwyn, Lord Strange, Mr. Chester, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Salusbury, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Townfltend, Mr. Gray, Mr. v Hardinge, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Fellowes, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Sir Francis Poole,

Mr. Finch, Sir Thomas Egerton, Mr. Mopfon, General Onslow, Sir Lionel Pilkington, Mr. Myddleton, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Williams, Sir Charles Mr. Belchier,

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Hay, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Nor they, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Sandys, Lord Gage, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Compton, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Taaffie, Admiral Townfltend, Mr. Bristow, Sir Lud. Grant; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Oxford, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. 25.

In 1666 -1667 -

1695 -

1696 -

1 ft Sort. ad. 3d.

- 2 4 ——

-2 4 ——

2 oj - - 111^ -1 io|

And Mr. William Coekfon also said, That he has been conversant in this Manufacture many Years (and about 45 Years ago not more than Four or Five Gentlemen were concerned in it) in which many Thousands of poor People of both Sexes, from the Age of 7 to 70, and upwards are employed; and as most of them have been brought up in that Manufacture, if the same should be suffered to go to Decay, most of them will be destitute of Support ana thereby become burthensome to their several Parishes. And,

Mr John Bond, a Manufacturer of Sail-cloth, being examined, said. That he has 46 Looms; and employed about 500 poor Families of both Sexes in a Year, from the Age of 7 to 70 Years, and upwards; and particularly One aged 90 Years, who earned something: That he has made about 1,500'Bolts ot Sail-cloth, in a Year; and that the Price of Sail-cloth, on an Average, during the War, and particularly in x74.7* the best Sort, waS about 15 d. per Yard to the Merchants, and 17 per Yard to the Navy, who used 40,000* Bolts in One Year. And,

Mr. Josiah Wallis, being examined, said, That he had computed the Expences of making the before-mentioned 40,000* Bolts of Sail-cloth; which, in proportion, areas followeth; viz.

£. s. d.

7-2. C. of Flax (at 28) ... 100 16 —

540 Doz. Flax dressing - . - 15 15 —

396 D* spinning for Warp - - 59 8 —

144 D* spinning for Shoot - - - 12 12 —

£40 D* for whitening - . - 22 10 —

144 Bolts of Sail-cloth weaving - - 6416 —

Foreman, winding, and warping - 254 —

301 1 —

4,«o©d Bolts of Sail-cloth, 38 Yarcls each, 1,560,006 Yards, at 17 d.£.107,666. 13 j. 4

12

-fd prime

1026

2 ° Martii.

A \ 1749*

Sail-cloth

Manufacture,

4d prime Coast ----- -- 31,666 6

4 Labour ----- --- 63,333 13

Profit on 1,560,000 Yards, from which the Loss by difeon-

tinuing Navy Bills is to be deduced 12,666 13

107,666.

*3*

4-

Mr. Cookson and Mr. Wa further said. That this Manufacture cannot subsist without the further Aid of Parliament, because in time of Peace there is but little Demand from the Royal Navy for Sail-cloth: And,

Mr. Cookson added, That great Quantities of Sail-cloth

remain in the several Dock-yards within this Kingdom, not uled.

That the Parliament in Ireland having granted a large Bounty upon Sail-cloth exported out ot that Kingdom, appeared by an Act made and passed there in the 19th Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, whereby it is Enacted, That any Canvas or Sail-cloth in One whole or intire Bolt or Piece containing 36 Yards in Length at the lead, well and sufficiently made of Irish Hemp, as is therein described, at any time within the Space of Seven Years, from 25th March 1746, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, should receive as a Pre-, niium, for ercry Yard of such Canvas or Sail-cloth made of found and good Hemp of 10 per Yard Value, and under 14 d.the Sum of 2; and for every Yard of

Main-fail, or coarse Canvas, made in Imitation of

lands Duck, of the Value of 14 per Yard, and upwards, the Sum of 4 d. Sterling; to be paid in such manner as is therein directed; with a Proviso, that all Perf <ns exporting Sail-cloth, and demanding Premiums for the fame, should produce Certificates, under the Hind and Seal of the Grower or Raiser of FJax or Hemp, tef-ti lying in what Place and County the Flax and Hemp, of which the said Cloth, for which the demand a Premium, did grow, and the Quantity or Quantities the said Grower did fell to such Person lb exporting; and then the proper Officer of the Custom-honfe was to cause a Stamp of this Impression; viz. " Debenture pa;d", with Figures, denoting the Year, done in Lamp Black and Oil, well boiled and mixed together, to be fairly impressed upon the Selvage of each Bolt of Sail-cloth, when rolled up and tied close together, lo that the same might be legible.

Which Bounty was first granted by an Act made and palfed in that Kingdom in the Second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, and given for Ten Years, on Exportation only; and by another Act, of the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, the said Bounty was continued for Eight Years longer, when the same Bounty was given on Home Consumption as well as on Exportation; and, by an Act made and palfed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, the said Act was continued until the 26th December 1744, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; which said Acts before-mentioned were, by the above in Part recited Act of the 19th of his present Majesty, repealed.

Mr. William Dodding, being examined, said, That he had w'ithin Six Weeks teen several Pieces of Sail-cloth at Mr. Elliot's which were imported from , and

Ramped, " Debenture paid, 1749," in the manner prescribed by that Act; and knew it came from thence, having seen the printed Bill of Entry of Imports and Exports at the Port of London, and produced a Piece of coatle Sail-cloth, Ramped as is before-mentioned, which he bought of the said Mr. Elliot in Bucklerfbury, who deals largely therein. And,

Mr. Robert Morrice produced a printed Bill, of the Entries made of Imports and Exports at the Port of,

da cd 16th January 1749, in which is the following Entry, " Cork — Philip Ellio, 1 0,080 Yards of Sailcloth And he, being examined, said, That he was then Clerk to Mr. Elliot, and made that Entry by his Older.

Your Committee thereupon ordered the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before them an Account of the Quantity of Sail- cloth which hath been imported into this

Kingdom from Ireland, between the 29th Day of May 1749, and the 19th Day of Februaryinstant, distinguishing

the Places from whence it came, and the Names of the Personsby whom the same was imported: And also,

An Account of what Quantity of Irish Sail-cloth has been exported from the Port of London to foreign Parts, between the 29th Day of May 1749, and the 1 yth Day of February instant, dillinguishing the Place to which the same was exported, and the Names of the Persons exporting the same: And the said Commissioners having made their Return, your Committee find. That the Quantity of Yards imported into the Port of only, were

61,941: And the Quantity of Irish Duck exported from the Port of London, An the same time, were 50 Pieces, Value £. 50. /

Mr. Jfbn Robinson, being examined, said, That the Bounty given on the Exportation and Home Consumption of Irish Sail-cloth is a very great Encouragement to the Manufacturers thereof in that Kingdom; and, with the Duty laid on British and foreign Sail-cloth imported into the fame, secures to them their Home Consumpti >0; and as the Manutaft urers of Irish Sail-cloth are furnished at tiieExpenceof the Publick with Work-houses, Looms, Spinning-whteis, a Foreman to the Whitfters, and a Foreman to the Weavers, which he knows to be true, having been offered the same Encouragements if he would have gone thither, and carried his Hands with him; and that, bTides thtfe Advantage^, Labour is much cheaper there than in England; by all which means the can undersell the English in the Plantat:ons, even if the Bounty of 2 d. per Ell given to the British on Exportation was paid.

And Mr. Wallis confirmed the Evidence given by Mr. Robinson; and laid, That the British have no Bounty on Home Consumption.

Mr. Philip Elliot, being examined, said, That 10,080 YarJs of Irish Sail-c'oth was consigned to him from Cork in January last; and Quantities thereof are sent to him by Commission, some of which were marked, " Debenture paid," but could not take upon him to say, that it was all marked in that manner: That he received about 46,000 Yards of Sail-cloth \nMay last, and several other Parcels since; and that latterly, for Two or Three Years past, had observed several of them w'ere marked as before-mentioned, and apprehends they w'ere all marked in that manner: That he has fold about 1,100 Bolts or Pieces of it between January 1748 and January 1749, and has now by him upwards of 600 Bolts or Pieces: That all the Sail-cloth, which is consigned to him from Ireland, is certified on Oath, which, without such Certificate, would be seizable; and hath fold within this Year 50 Bolts or Pieces for Exportation.

That the British Sail-cloth is fold considerably cheaper than the Irish; and is of Opinion, that it is owing to the great Numbers which are in the Trade, who are jealous of, and underlell one another.

That upon being asked whether he had fold Irish Sailcloth at a Lois ? said. He could not tell; he is only an Agent, and has Commission for felling the same: That the Price is limited to him, and fells none over or under it.

He was also asked. Whether British Sail-cloth had lately sold to Advantage or Loli ? laid, He was no Judge, but had heard it sold at a Loss: That it is hi Opinion more Hands are employed now than before, the D-minds for British Sail-cloth being greater now than in the War,

it being now chiefly made use of.

He was asked, Why the Demands were greater now ? said, By the Increase of the Numbers of Merchants Ships which have been built here and in the Plantations since the War, who are obliged by Act of Parliament to have the First Suit of Sails of British Canvas.

That

23 Geo. II.

That the Irish Sail-cloth, in his Opinion, is better in Quality than British, and will wear ‘better, it being, as he believes, all made of Hemp, and is stronger than the British, that being made only of Flax.

Upon being aikcd, Why he would buy Irish Sail-cloth, which he had said was dearer than British ? said, Because he apprehended it was equal to Hollands Duck, and much the strongest.

Then he wasafked, What might bethe annual Value of Irish Sail-cloth imported by him into England? said, That the Irish Sail-cloth imported into several Ports of,

and consigned to him to fell, from 1744 to 1749, being Six Years, is 9,482 Bolts, containing 340,166 Yards, which, on a Medium, is about 1,580 Bolts, containing about 56,627 Yards and a Half, for each Year; and the Value of each Bolt, on a Medium, during the War, and since, was 52 j. per Bolt.

Mr. Henry Dannett and Mr. Josiah severally

said. That the Fund, out of which the id. per Ell granted by Parliament upon Exportation, has become deficient for some time, they having not been paid the said Bounty, although they had applied, and produced their Debentures: And also said, That they had both applied lately to the proper Officer at the Custom-houfo, who informed them, That he had no Money to pay them: And they also said, Xhat they have received no Bounty for Twelve Months past.

Whereupon your Committee ordered the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before them an Account of the Amount of the additional Duty of One Pcny per Ell, which has been paid on the Importation of Sail-cloth and ready-made Sails, from C 1713, to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Bounties which have been paid on the Exportation of

English Sail-cloth and ready-made Sails, from Christmas 1713, to Christmas 1749, distinguishingeach Year: And, the said Commissioners having made their Return, your Committee find, That the Total of the Duty of One Peny per Ell on Importation for those Years, amounts to 59,957 16 9J.

And the Duty paid on Exportation for those Years, amounts to - - 22,674 14 4J.

So that the Difference on Importation is - - - 37,283 2 5

Then there was produced to your Committee several Abstracts, which were printed by Orders of the House of Commons in Ireland, of the hereditary Revenue, and old additional Duties of that Kingdom, whereby it appeared,

That-from Lady-day 1733, to Lady-day 1745, which is Twelve Years, that the Bounties, wuich had been paid in s. d.

land for those Years, amounted to - 12,883 17 o

And the Bounties which had byen paid there in the Years 1747 and 1748 amounted to 3,416 19 —

Total - 16,300 16 —

Mr. Samuel Storke, Merchant, being examined, said. That the British Sail-cloth cannot be exported to the Plantations without the Bounty is duly paid and continued, he having within Twelve Months exported to New England 1,500 Pieces of Russia and only 100 Pieces of British, which is owing to the Cheapness of Russia Sail-cloth: That he formerly, in One Year, exported 1,000 Pieces of British Sail-cloth, and some Part of the Bounty upon that remains unpaid: That the Plantations will be served with Sail-cloth either from Russia, Holland, or Ireland, if the British arc not enabled to fell as cheap at Market as they: And,

Vol. 25.

1027

Mr. Cookson also said, That if the Bounty was duly Sail-cloth paid and continued, and a further Bounty given, the said Manufae-Manufacture might be carried on as well now as before tur*' the War, it being in great Esteem and much improved; whereby the Manufacturers will be enabled to increase the Exportation, and fell the same as cheap as foreign Sail-cloth is fold for.

Mr. Elias Bland, Merchant, being examined, said, That

British Sail-cloth cannot be exported unless the Bounty is duly paid and continued: That formerly he exported great Quantities to North America; and used to give them Credit, at the Foot of their Account, for the Bounty; and they, knowing that the Bounty was not paid, have ordered foreign Sail-cloth to be sent in lieu thereof.

Mr. Rohinjon also said, That British Sail-cloth cannot be exported as formerly unless the Bounty b*c paid and continued; which if it should be, he made no Doubt but to have a Share in the Trade; for, if it is well manufactured, there will be a Vent for it.

And it appeared to your Committee, That no foreign Sail-cloth will wear like the British, if it be well manufactured.

And, to prove that this Manufactory is at present in a very low State, and must daily decrease.

There were produced several Gazettes, printed in the Years 1743 and 1749, whereby it appeared, That several very considerable Manufacturers had become Bankrupts within 12 Months; and by a List which was also produced, and proved, it appeared, That several others had failed, or left off the Business: And,

Mr. William Richards, oeing examined, said. That be lives at Reading, and has been in the Trade 30 Years; and, when he first came into it, there were not above Five or Six concerned within the Kingdom in this Manufacture, but of late several have been concerned: That about Nine Years since, at the time the Spanish War broke out, he had 500 Families on his Books, employed by him; and those Families might consist of above 2,000 Persons of both Sexes, who lived in and about Reading: That at this time he has not Employment for 100 Families, which may consist of about or 500 Persons; by which it is apparent, that the Trade is greatly decreased, and that not One Half of the Number of Hands are now employed as were before the Spanish War: That the Poor in the Work-houses at Reading used to be employed in this Manufacture, but are now intirely become a Burthen to their several Parishes.

Mr. William Holder, being examined, laid. That he has been in the Trade about 22 Years in London, and about 3 or Years ago he employed between 7 or 800 Persons: That this Manufacture is in great Distress by the Bounty not being regularly paid, therefore it cannot be exported, because it is undersold by foreign Sail-cloth; and there not being a Vent or Encouragement given to export the fame, great Quantities of British Sail-cloth hath been fold for lets than it cost; and, there being large Stocks in Hand, several of the Manufacturers would be glad to fell what they have at prime Cost.

Mr. John Robinson said, That he has carried on this Manufacture at Warrington in Lancash'treabout 30 Years:

When he first begun, he made but little Sail-doth till a Bounty on Exportation was allowed; then he increased the Numbers of his Hands, and had Demands for more than he could make; this was in time of Peace: That; when the additional Bounty was given, the Manufacturers were enabled to export it, and he then increased the Numbers of his Hands again; and in the late War, having large Demands, increased his Hands id more, and employed about 5,000"* Persons of both Sexes; but, since the Peace, several of the Manufacturers have reduced their Hands, and are felling off their Stocks, some at 10 per Cent, others at £. 20 per Cent. Ids than prime Cost, not having any Demand for the Stock in Hand j That he has reduced his Looms and Hands -jds, and would be glad to fell his Stock at prime Cost.

Mr.

2a Martii.

1028 2° — 5

,< Mr. Cookson further said, That if this Manufacture be

ruined, it may greatly distress the Navy; for, upon any Emergency in time of War, if they were to be supplied with Sail-cloth only from abroad, it would be at an extraordinary Expence, and attended with great Difficulties and Hazards.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

St. George A Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Redorial*1 R-e^or of the Parillr of St. George the Martyr, in the Maintenance Borough of Southwarkin the County of Surrey, and his Successor, in lieu of Tythes, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Be/chier, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Hume, Colonel

Mr. Gore, General Onslow, Mr. Talbot, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. A/fione, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Gy Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Har-dinge. Mr. Maitland, Mr. Mr. Myddleton, Mr.

Williams, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Salu/bury, Sir John Cujl, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Finch, Lord Cobham, Mr. Gray, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Plumptre, Mr. Lock, Mr. Cornezvall, Mr. Pitt, Sir Nath, Curzon, Mr. White, Mr. Southwell, Lord Egmont, Mr. Her Walpole senior, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Francis Poole, Colonel Conway, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Northey, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir William Calvert, Colonel Abercrombie, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Fellows, Mr. Amy and Sir Edmund Isham, Colonel Stamvix, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr.; and all

the Members who serve for the County of Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vrefcrvauoa An ingrafted Bill to limit the Time for killing the o Game. Game within this Kingdom, for the better Preservation of the Breed thereof, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. t. L. 25. To leave out every," and insert " any

L. 34. To leave out " every," and insert

" any

Pr. a. L. 3. To leave out " every," and insert " any." L, 35. After " Conviction," to insert " and " Recovery:"

L. last, to leave out from " Mainprize" to *' it," in Pr. 3. L. 1:

P. 3. L. 24. To leave out from " Purpose" to " Provided," in L. 36.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to limit the Time for killing the Game within this Kingdom, for the better Preservation of the Breed thereof.

Ordered, That Colonel Leighton do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence.

'Martii. A. 1749*

That the Trade to Africa ought never to be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support and Maintenance of any Forts and Settlements there.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the British Forts and' Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary; and may, under proper Management, be rendered useful for the extending and pro ted ing the Trade in general.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in order to carry on the Trade in the most beneficial manner to these Kingdoms, all his Majesty's Subjects trading to Africa be united in an open Company, without any Joint-Stock, or Power to trade as a Corporation, under proper Regulations; and that the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa be put under proper Management and Regulation.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Trade to Africa ought always to remain free and open.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a-Second time;

Resolved, Nemine\contradicente. That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Trade to Africa ought never to be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support and Maintenance of any Forts and Settlements there.

The Third Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the British Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary; and may, under proper Management, be rendered useful for theextending and protecting the Trade in general.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Southwell, the Lord Strange, the Lord Dttpplin, Mr. Salu/bury, Mr.

Gildart, Mr- Lyttelton, Mr. Horatio Walpole senior,

Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Fane, Mr. Charles Townshend, Mr.

Reynolds, Mr. Nugent, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- , Wa>s ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 4,5 Means. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Supply, next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee who. Expiring were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near Lavw. expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Papers ref- Mf. Hoblyn, according to Order, reported from the pets ing Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred

Tra^e" to c()n^er Papers presented to the House upon the

race' Sixth Day of February last, from the Commissioners for

Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa,

the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Trade to Africa ought always to lemain free and open.

Rfolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 24

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 5* die Martii;

Anno 2f Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749.

Pit A VERS.

A PETITION of several Owners and Masters of Whitby Ships, and others, whose Names arc thereunto sub- Harbour, feribed, concerned in the Coal Trade at Shields and Stockton upon Tees; and Also,

A Petition

Whit*>y

Harbour.

EfrrmOdt

Koub.

ix Geo. II. 50 Martii.

1029

A Petition of several Owners and Matters of Ships, and other*, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, concerned in the Coal Trade at Bay and Scar-

borough.

Were federally presented to the House, and read; fevcrailv allcgiiu». That the Repairing and Prel'erving of the Pi.rs and Harbour of in the County of York, will greatly tend to the Advantage of the Coal Trade, in regard that Ships failing between London and Nevorofl/e have born, and may be hereafter, fecund a. J protected thereby when endangered by llormy Weather, or the Pursuit of an Enemy; and that as there are in the said Harbour convenient Accomnr dations for building and repairing large Ships, of which a great Number have of late Years been built, and are now building the re; and as the said Harbour attmds a more late and convenient Station lor laying up S ips in the Winter then is to be found in most other Po-rs of the C alt, the Petitioners apprth: n I, ti at the Repairing and Prelei ving of the same wil tend greatly to the Ben. fit of Na-

o y

vigation in general: And therefore praying. T iat the Bill depending in the House, for repair ng and preferring the Piets and Harbour of Whitby, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, agaii.lt the Petition of the Owners and Matters of S >ips trading in Coals at the Port of JVetveajlle upon True, Blyth, Seaton Sluice, Culler Coats, or other Harbours. Members of the Port of upon Tyne, at the same time that Counsel is ordered to be heard against the said Bill, upon the said Petition.

Ordered, That Sir John do make the

Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace. Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the County of Cumberland, was referred.

Sir John Pennington accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed the same to be reported, as it appea'ed to them, to the House; and he read the Report i:i his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's fable: Where the same was read; ami is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegati ns of the said Petition,

Mr. William Parle was called; and examined as to the Condition of tin several Roads following; that is to say, the Road leading hum Egremo to , and also from the Foot ot Gosfonh Brow, through to

Santon Bridge, in ti e Parish of Irton, and from the South-east End of the House of Mr. Edward Clerk to

Muncaster Mill Bridge; and from thence, through the lower Road, to a Lane called the Town Lane, and so through Hog Park to Michael j and from

thence, by G:aym tins arid Swto and

over and from Martin:-aite Green, in the Parish of

by Cotnfi on: house, through Wit chain, to Beck bank in

Thv.'vtes, anti the Road leading from thence to Dud den Bridge-, he said. That he knew all the Roads before-mentioned, and that the same are in a ruinous Condition; and lb narrow in (eve;al Places, that 'tis itnpoffible for Two Carriages to pjfs one by another, or even for a Person on iloiieuack to pais by a C uriige: And he added to h;s Evidence, That it is impolhble to amend and make the Roads commodious by the ordinary Collide of the Laws now in being.

Mr. Benjamin Smith and Mr. Killpatrick, being called, and feveraiiy examined, confirmed the Evidence before g'ven by Mr. Parke in every Particular.

Oidered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Salt-house, in the County of Cumberland: And that Sir Pennington and Mr. Wilkinson do prepare, and bring in, tho fame.

Vol. 25.

A Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small g Debts within the City and Liberty of and

that Part of the Duchy of Lavrov which lies within* or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement and St.

Mary le Strand, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter Warren, Sir Nath Curzen. Mr. KyLord Mr. Sydenham, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Mr. Thornbagh,

Mr. Compton, Mr. Cor new all, Mr. Wilkinson, Sir joint Ruftmt, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Baynlun, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Eli is, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Popham, Sir John Cud, Mr.

Villi era. Lord Egmont, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr Cholmond/ey,

Colonel Stluyn, Mr. Herbert, Mr. War burton. Sir Miles

Stapylton, Mr. Townshend, Mr Gray, Mr. Fazakerlcy,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Amy and Sir Geo. Mr,

John Gore, Lord Middlesex, Mr. GyMr. Alderman Jar fen, Mr. Williams, Mr. Tan ff'c, Mr. Mr.

Jcnyns, Mi Bold.Mr Vaughan, Mr Mr. thurchill, Mr. Trevor, Sir Rich. Uiatfley, Mr.

Thomas Pitt, Mr. Finch, Sir Edw. Lord Gage;

and all the Members who lerve for the County of Middlesex, and for the City of Louden: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, Knarrf Land-owners, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borouoh borough of Knaresborough, in the West-Riding of the County of Kaad. Fork, whole Names are there underw ritten, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Land-owners and Inhabitants of the said Town and Borough, was presented to the House, and read ;letting fort!). That the Carriage R ad leading from Knaresborough aforesaid to Green Hammerton, in the High Road from the City of York to Boroughbridge, in the said County of York, is very ruinous, and dangerous to Passengers in the Winter Season, and for the most Part thereof so very narrow, that Coaches,

Waggons, and others Carriages, cannot pals along the same without great Difficulty;'and that the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course appointed by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for repairing of Highways, be effc&ually amended and kept in good Repair, unless some Provision be made for raising Money to be applied for that Purpose: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the Bill depending in the House for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Slone, in the North-Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Eafingivou'dand and

also the Road leading from the City of to Borough-bridge, in the said Riding, for repaidng the said Road from Knaresborough aforesaid to Green Hammerton afore-fuid, the same being a Branch out of the said Road leading from the City of York to Boroughbridge aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall ieem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Wilkinson,

Mr. Bold, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Nath. Mr. Mr. Nugent, Mr. Hay, Mr. Villiers Sir Rb

Mr. bf'ebb, Admiral Vernon, Mr. M

Sir "John Ruftiout, Mr. Lxfler, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Finch, Mr.

Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Myddelton, Mr. Mr. Martin,

Mr. Phillipson-, and all the Members who lerve for the

Counties of York, Nottingham, and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fetid for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr Vane presented to the House, according to Order, south Shields a Bill for repairing the R-.ad leading from South Shields to Road. Alonk Wear mouth 'here, in the County of Durham, and from thence, by Hylton Bridge,

And the same was received; and read the JFirtt time.

JiF Resolved,

St. Martin ii the Fields Poor, Ice.

Walters*

Marriage

Settlement.

Fulham

Road.

Loyne

Navigation.

Yarmouth Haven* &c.

Walters*

Marriage

Settlement.

Importing Iron fiQm America.

1030 50 — 6° .* A. 1749.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making a better and more effectual Provision for the Relief-of the Poor; for the cleansing and paving the Streets; and for the keeping a Nightly Watch; within the Parish of <S7. Martin in the within the Liberties of the City of was read

a Second time. s

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Peter Warren, Mr. West, Sir Nath. , Mr. Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Talbot, Mr. , Mr Mr.

Sydenham, Mr Ellis, Mr BayntMr. Colleton, Sir Rushout, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Mr. Barry, Mr.

Northey, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Child, Mr. Sir

John Cu/l, Mr. Gray, Lord Harley, Mr. Mr.

Noel, Mr. Lyster, Lord Barrington, Mr. Fane, Mr. Medlycott, Colonel ' Madan, Mr. Laroche,

Mr. Hamilton, Doctor Lee, Mr. , Mr. Anson,

Sir Edmund Isham, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Affleck, Sir Charles Sedley, Mr. Sehvyn, Lord Gage, Lord Baltimore, General

Oglethorpe, Mr. Hill, Mr Trevor, Colonel Leighton-, and all the Members who serve for the County of And they aie to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Elde and Mr. Burroughs:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made cn the Marriage of Henry Walters, Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, and for rendering the ft me more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of Middlesex, through Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammer-Jmith, in the said County, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune; and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of Lancaster, in the County Palatine of Lancaster-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depthening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Office of refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Corn«r. the Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Supply, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiency, at Christmas 1749, of the Half Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage for paying the Annuity and Charges of Management to the South-Sea Company, for Subscriptions into their Capital of the Annuities granted by the Second Act, 1708, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow'

Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may 1 ave Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee who Expiring were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near La"rs* expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived, or continued; be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 6° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

/~i R D E R E D, That all have Voices who come to the Tower Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and Hamlets speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, Sma*' ^>cbts* and in the Liberty of his Majesty's of London, and

in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made on the Marriage of Henry Walters, Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon Tuesday last, for the House to ref >lve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon Thursday next, upon the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America; and to prevent the making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Seven-night, refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

20

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House office of to refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, Coroner, upon the Bill for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cornewall reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had di efted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Se lu'tion of Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in Ardficers the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Ring George forego Part*.

the

Iron export* ed to Plantations.

African

Trade.

Supply.

23 Geo. II. 6* — 70

the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies anting from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by. Persons employed in the Ma-nufadlure of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron. Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Silk, Manuf.idtures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations ol Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preffers, and ofall Persons employed in the Taid several Manufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages: was committed; That the Committee had gone through th B il, and madefeveral Amendmentsthereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in Ins Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk'sTable.

The House being informed. That some other Amendments are proper to be made to the said Bill.

Ordered, T'iat the said Bill be re-committed.

Ordered, That tl e said Bill be re-committed to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed.

Ordered, That it be an Inlliuftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to extend to the Kingdom of Ireland ( much of the Provisions of the said Bill as relate to the amending of the Act, made in the Fifth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from (educing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Bar Iron exported to the British Plantations, from Christ 1746, to 1749, distinguishing each Year.

Mr. Hob/yn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timel

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million be granted to his Majesty, todil'charge the Sum of One million raised in pursuance of an Act passed the last Session of Parliament, and charged on the First Aids or Supplies to be granted in Parliament after the 29th Day of September 1749.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comijiittee, That a Sum not exceeding Ninety-four thousand Six hundred fifty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficient y, at Christmas 1749, of the Half Sublidv of Tonnage and Poundage for paying the Annuity and Charges of Management to the South-Sea Company, for Sublet iptions into their Capital of Annuities granted by the Second Act, Anno 1708.

Resolveed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, towards enabling the Commissioners for building a Bridge cross the River Thames, from the City of Westminster, to the opposite Shore in the County of Sumy, to finish the said Bridge, and to perform the

other Trulls reposed in them.

' The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon iheQueltion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Vol. 25.

Martii. 1031

A Bill for the Encouragement of the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, uport Thursday Seven-night, ref >lve itfdf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, refalve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the British Fishery.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Third Reading of the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York;

The Counsel for and against the Bill were called in:

And the said Bill was read the Third time:

And the Petition of the Coal-owners, Fitters, Coal-fastors, and Owners of Ships, retiding in and near the Town of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was also read:

And the Petition of the Owners and Mailers of Ships trading in Coals at the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, Blyth, Seaton Sluice, Culler Coats, or other Harbours, Members of the Port of ]NewcaJ upon Tyne (which was presented to the House upon Friday lait) was also read:

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses in Support of the Allegations of the said Petitions:

And an Act, made in the 20th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, £tnd Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, was also read:

And the Counsel for the Petitioners having gone through their Evidence;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel for and against the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii, j° die Martii;

Anno 23° Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

A PET ITIO N of the several Innholders and Stable-keepers living and residing wit Li; 1 the Parish of St, George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in order to carry on their Business, pay very large Rents, and keep a great Number of Servants; and are always under an indispensabie Obligation of providing and furnishing Lodging and Quarters for great Numbers of his'"' Majesty's Horse and Men Soldiery, at a very great Expence whenever they are called upon for that Purpose; and that other Tradcfinen residing within the said Parish bear no Part of such Expence, but are in some measure benefited thereby: And alleging. That if the Bill depending in this House, for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the said Parish of St. George, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, by an Assessment to be made, in the nature of a Pound Kate, upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Parish, should pal's into a Law, the Petitioners conceive the same would tend'greatly to their Prejudice: And there!ore praying the House to take the Calc of the Petitioners under Consideration, and that they may have such Relief therein as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered,

Herring fid Cod Fisheriest

British

Fishery*

Whitby

Harbour.

St. George Soulhw.rk

Kedtrial

Maintenance.

Seduction of Artificer* to foreign Parts.

Office of Coruner.

ImDorting Sale into American Colonies.

103* 70 Mar tit. A. 1749.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Sait from thence to other Parts of America, that has been (ideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is granted above Eighty Years ago to New England, and committed. above Twenty Years ago to Penfilvama and New York,

whose Ships now enjoy this Benefit, which enables them Mr. Popham reported from the Committee, to whom to carry Wheat cheaper than we can, and thereby hurts tire Bill to amend.and render more effectual an Act, made the Sale of what is sent from England; and the Petition-in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King ers apprehend this Liberty asked can be attended with no George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Incon- bad Consequence, and will be of great Service to the Pe-ver.iencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manu- titioners, as well as an Encouragement for the larger Ex-fadturesof Great Britain into foreign Parts; and for the portation, and a better Price, of Wheat, as they could more easy and I'peedy Determination of Appeals allowed thereby carry it to foreign Markets much cheaper than at in certain Cafes by an A&, made in the last Session of present: And therefore praying the House, That Litfrrty Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Pre- may be granted to carry Salt directly from Europe to any venting of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons om- Part of his Majesty's Colonies in America, or to do ployed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, A Petition of several Merchants, Corn-fastors, and Importing

Mohair, and Silk, Manufactures; and for preventing un- others, concerned in the Exportation of Wheat, and other Salt mto

lawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journey- Grain, from , and other Parts of England, to -

men Hot-prefiers, and of all Persons employed in the said tngal, the , &c. was also presented to the House,

several Manufactures; and for the better payment of and read; letting forth, That many Parts of Europe, in

their Wages j was re-committed; That the Committee particular , and different Ports in the Me*

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- diterra, are frequently supplied with Wheat, and

ments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report other Grain, from London, and other Parts of Great

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; tain, the Advantages whereof to the Landed Interest, as

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, well as our Shipping, are so obvious, and the Petitioners

in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were hope of such Consequence, as tointitle those immediately

Once read throughout; anil then a Second time, one by concerned in the Exportation of British Grain to a Privi-

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, lege already allowed to British Subjects in; and

were agreed to by the House. that many Ships fail from New &c.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be loaden with Wheat, and other Grain, to the feme Parts ingrossed. of Europe where those from Great Britain are sent; in which Voyage, by means of the Laws now in force, they Mr. Coruewall, according to Order, reported, from the have a considerable Advantage in point of Freight, that Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for we are at present deprived of; and that in the fiime Parts the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner, was com- of Europe, where there is the greatest Demand for Wheat, mitted, the Amendments which the-Committee had and other Goods, the Petitioners are informed the

made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to bell and chcapeft Salt is made, and exported to report to the House; and he read the Report in his AVw and; which Colonies, although

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend- they have but little Trade directly to Great Britain, have ments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments however the Liberty to load their Ships with Salt in these were once read throughout; and then a Second time, foreign Ports, and return therewith directly back to thcle one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there- Colonieswithout clearing in which British Ships

Vipon, were agreed to by the House, bound to Virginia, See. are obliged to do, or tail first to

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be these 'other Colonies for a Clearance; which Expence, ingrossed. though in no respect of any Service, is more than the

Value of the Salt; and that the Ships belonging to the said A Petition of several Merchants of London, and others. Colonies, having thereby a Freight back, aie enabled ro Owners of Ships, in behalf of themselves, and all other carry their Wheat cheaper to Market than ours, who have Owners of Ships concerned in the foreign Trade of Great not that Liberty; and that, in consequence, they can un-Britain, was presented to the House, and read; setting detfell ps; and that most of the Ships employed in transe forth. That the Petitioners often hire their Ships to others, porting Wheat to and the are

and fend them on their own Accounts loaded with Wheat, contracted for by Merchants heri-, to proceed from t hence Fish, Tin, Lead, and other Commodities of Great Bri- to Virginia and Carolina, in order to return to England tain, to Spain, Portugal, and other Parts of Europe, where with Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, and Rice; and at present are the best, a:;d, as the Petitioners arc informed, the most obliged to go empty from Spain and Portugal to these Co-proper, Sak for Use in our American Colonies is made, ionics, not being permitted to carry Salt; so that they and where it is purchased cheaper than the Expence of a are not only deprived of getting a Freight to America,

Voyage on Purpose to Places where it can be had for but, on the contrary, are obliged to pay about One-fifth raking and carrying into our Ships, and from whence our Part of the Value of such Salt for Sand Ballad, they are Colonies are now supplied with it; and that many of under a Necessity to take in their Ships b-fore they can these Ships are hired by Merchants trading to Virginia proceed to Sea: And alleging, That the Petitioners ap-and Carolina, to fail from Spain and Portugal, lb loon as prebend, were the Ships that export Wheat from Great

unloaded, to Virginia, Sec. and from thence return to Great Brita allowed the same Liberty granted to t hole who Britain with Tobacco, Pitch, Tar, fsV. fio that in confe- carry Wheat from, and return directly back to, the same quenceof this Trade the Ships make Three Voyages; that Colonies in America, we should have our Wheat earned is, One from England to Spain or Portugal, One from at a cheaper Freight than at present; and whatever is Portugal to Virginia, and One from Virginia to London, saved therein would be of equal Benefit to the Landed they having a Loading and a Freight paid for the First Interest, and Exporters of Wheat, as an additional Bounty and last Voyages; but so far from getting any thing by thereon: And therefore praying the House, That all BrilijS the'middle Voyage, which often takes up Two Months, Ships may have the same Liberty of carrying Salt directly they are subject to a considerable Expence of purchasing to Virginia, Carolina, Nova Scotia, See. that is already Ballast at near a Fifth Part of the Value they could buy granted to New England, New York, and or

Salt for in the same Parts: And alleging. That it is ob- such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet, vious the Petitioners would not only lave the Expence of Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table, purchasing Ballast, but likewise get a Profit even by this until the Report is made from the Committee, to whom Voyage from Portugal to America, which is at present a the Petition of several Merchants in London, trading to his Lois to them.were they allowed the same Liberty to export Majesty's Colonies in America, was referred.

20 Lieutenant-

23 Geo. II.

o

Marlii.

1033

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants in London, trading to his Majesty's Colonies in was

referred. That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Witnesses were called t viz.

Mr. James Crokatt, Merchant: Who, being examined,

feid, That he resided in South Carolina upwards of Ten Years; and the Inhabitants of that Colony are frequently under great Difficulties for want of Salt proper to cure and preserv Fish, and other Provisions; which is often lo scarce, and at such exorbitant Prices, that the same has been often sold at 5 s.6 d.per Bushel Sterling, which is 40J. Currency, by reason whereof the Inhabitants are prevented from improving the Advantages Nature has bellowed upon them of Fish, and other Provisions, in great Flenty.

And another great Inconveniency they lie under, is being obliged to buy large Quantities of Salt when cheap, though not immediately wanted, from the Difference of the Price, which has been from 6 to 6s. Sterling per Bushel; and although great Quantities of Beef and Pork are felted there, yet much greater might be, if they could have proper Salt, and cheap; and it is from the Scarcity and Dcarness of the bed Salt, which prevents their Curing of Fish, being supplied with Salt at prdent only from England. Cape de Verd Islands, and Tortuga.

Mr. Philip Lee, Merchant, being examined, said.That in Virginia, Salt is often very scarce, for want of Liberty

to bring it from more Plates than it can at present, which is from England, Cape de Verd lllands, and Tortuga, and Ibid.for 4s. per Bushel Sterling, which is 51. Currency.

That there is great Plenty of Fish, and other Kinds of Provisions, in Virginia-, and great Quantities of Beef and Pork are felted there, and exported to the West Indies-, and much more might be felted, if they could have proper Salt, and che ip.

Mr. Samuel Galloway, bein'* examined, feid, That in Maryland Salt is often scarce and dear, and the lowed Price he ever remembers Salt ibid was to Sterling per Bushel; but the common Price, if they buy large Quantities, is from 13d. to 1 Sd.per Bushel Sterling.

That there is Plenty of Provisions of all Kinds, and great Quantities of Beef and Pork are felted and exported from thence.

Mr. James Crokatt further feid, That the bed Salt for curing of Fill), and all other Kinds of Provisions, in hot Climates, is found by Experience to be that which is made in the South Parts of Europe: And,!

Mr. Dinwiddie, being examined, feid, That he was Surveyor-General of the Cudoms for some Yeats for that Part of the Colonies which is distinguished by the South-, ern Didriid of the Continent of America, and extended from Philadelphia to South Carolina, the Bahama Islands, and Jamaica; and observed, in those Places on the Continent, that English S-alt was only made use of to draw the Blood from the Meat when fird cut up, not being drong enough topreserve it for Exportation into hot Climates j but the Meat is afterwards cured w'ith Salt brought from the Iste of Mav, English Salt dissolving very soon; and the Alum, or American Salt, hardens the Meat, and eats up the Fat; that the Salt from Tortuga is too drong for Beef, but does very well for Pork.

That upon being asked, Vi Englisht was mixed with the other Salt brought there, would it not do ? he feid. That he apprehended one was too weak, and the other too drong, but he had never known it tried.

Thar in James River in Virginia he has known 12 or 13,000* Barrels of Pork felted in One Year; and great Quantifies of Herrings have been cured in Maryland, and exported; and much greater Quantities might be, if they bad proper Salt, and cheap.

Vo L. 25.

That he had observed many Ships go from several Importing Parts of Great Britain, in Ballad, to the Iste of May, to ^r'r")°n take in a Loading of Salt to carry to the Colonies; and colonies, thinks it could not be any Detriment to English Salt, if Liberty was given to carry Salt from Portugal, Spain, and the Streights, to those Parts, indead of Ballad, which

would in a great measure prevent the Smuggling of Goods, and the Inhabitants of the Colonies would thereby be enabled to cure their Provisions of all Kinds much better than at present.

That upon being asked, if he had experienced 100 Weight of English Salt against loo Weight of American Salt? feid, He had not; but is of Opinion, that 'tis impossible for English Salt to be so drong as the other, because English Salt loon dissolves; and the other, great Part ' of it will remain undissolved; and is further of Opinion,' that a Bushel of Turks Island Salt will weigh -fd more than a Bushel of English; for he has known, that when the English Salt has been sold at Bushel, the other

Salt was sold at lod. per Bushel.

That upon being asked, If English Salt was mixed with the Bahama Salt, will it not correil the Strength of the latter, and bring it to an equal Quality with Brine Salt > feid. He had never experienced it.

Then he was asked, How he did know the Quality of Salt, if he had not experienced it ? feid, He knew nothing of that Matter, but what he had been informed from other People.

Mr. Philip Lee feid, That Provisions cured with English Salt only are frequently spoiled; and if cured with American Salt, it corrodes the Flesh, and eats the Fat away.

He was asked, If he had ever tried Brine Salt ? feid.

He had not.

Mr. Samuel Galloway also feid, that English Salt is too weak for curing Provisions, and American Salt hardens the Flesh.

He was asked, If he had ever tried Brine Salt ? laid.

He had not, and never heard of it till he came here.

Mr. Shubrick, being examined, feid, That he lived

some time in Carolina, and had cured great Quantities of Provisions for the Use of his Majesty's Navy: That when the Meat was cut up, English Salt was used to dr?iw the Blood from it; afterwards it was cured with American Salt; but, if Liberty was given them to import Salt from the Southern Parts of Europe, it would be preferable to any other Salt: That once, whilst he was there, that Salt was brought, and he preferred it to all the other Salt, it being stronger, went further, coll leis, and did not corrode the Meat.

Then he was asked. Whether that Salt was cheaper than the American Salt ? feid. It was fold much at the same Price.

He was also asked. If the Meat which was cured with that Salt was better than that cured with American Salt? feid. He could not say it was.

That upon being asked, if he had observed that the Meat which was cured with American Salt answers better than the Meat cured with English Salt ? feid, He had observed that it did anfiver better; and that a Bushel of American Salt will go further than a Bushel of English, for the Practice in the West Indies is, to try Salt by Measure, and not by Weight.

That upon being asked as to the Quality of the Salt brought from Turks Island, he said. That Sait is more penetrating than English Salt, it answers better, is stronger, and does not corrode the Meat; nor has the Salt from Tortuga any corrosive Quality.

Mr. John Bacom, being examined, said, That he lived in Maryland 14 Years and purchased great Quantities of Provisions, which was felted with Salt brought from Turks Island, Tortuga, or the Isle of May, and no English Salt was used with it, which he exported to or

Antigua, and never had Complaint of its not being well cured: and, if they can have American, or Salt from the Isle of Alay, they do not use English: That he has never tried English Salt, although he has had 200 Barrels of Beef and Pork failed in One Year.

1 He

Importing Sa.t into American Colonies,

1034 70 Martii. 1749-

He was aflted. If he did know of any Person that had used both English and foreign Salt, and what they fard about it? he said, They informed him. That the English is not so good as the Foreign.

He was asked, If be knew it of his own Knowledge ? said. He did not.

Mr. Andrew Pringle, being examined, said. He resided many Years in the West Indies, had been in several Parts of Europe, and seen different Sorts of Sait: That the Salt

made in the Bay of Biscay is of a very good Quality for curing all Sorts of Provisions, as is likewise the Salt made in Portugal, and the Places adjacent, it being all made

with the Sun; and found, that the Grain of the Salt was larger, Quality stronger, and the Colour whiter, than the Salt made in England, which is owing to the Heat of the Sun; and, by what he had seen in the West Indies, that Salt was ffronger, and of a larger Grain, being nearer the Sun, and the Heat more intense; but the Colour of the Portugal and Spanijk Salt is whiter, though the French Bay Salt is not: That he had made his Observations upon Salt made by the Heat of Fire; and, by all his Experience, in curing of Provisions, it is weaker in proportion, taking Quantity for Quantity, and Weight for Vv eight.

That upon being asked his Reasons as to Quantity for Quantity, and Weight for Weight ? he said, That as a Bushel of Spanijk or Portugal Salt will make a Quantity of ffronger Brine than a Bushel of small Salt made by Fire, so too Weight of the same Salt will make a Quantity of ffronger Brine than ioo Weight of small Salt; and he never found that the Salt made from Sea Water was so ffrong as that made with the Sun; for this Reason, As ffrong Pickle and small Salt will not cure Beef, so it is the Largeness of the Grain that makes it most effectual; and there is a Necessity for the Grain of Salt to be large, because small Salt all difiolves.

That the late Mr. Lowndes shewed him some of his Salt, but the Grain was not so large as the Portugal and Spanijk Salt; and he has also seen Mr. Read's Salt, which was good, and of the Size of French Bay Salt, but whiter, though not so white as the and Portugal

Salt.

Mr. George Barrington, being examined, said, That the American Salt, and the Salt brought from the Isle of (which is as big as a Man's Head, that they are obliged to break it to Pieces) are not proper for Curing of Fish, and other Provisions, being corrosive, and eats away the Fat of the Meat; and English Salt being too weak; therefore the properest Salt for those Climates is the nish and Portugal Salt, which is by much the belt; and the Provisions of all Kinds cured with it will keep the Year round, the Inhabitants rather paying for that Salt, could it be had, than to have Salt from the of May for nothing.

Mr. Crokatt laid, That the Charge of lending a Ship

to the Isle of May for a Loading of Salt, and Return to Virginia or Carolina, is more than the Value of Salt of

Lisbon or St. Ubes.

Mr. Galloway Grid, That Salt is often imported into

Maryland from New England, which is esteemed the best, and always understood it came from Lisbon; which, if brought in large Quantities, coff Irom 13 to ltd. the Bushel.

Mr. Benjamin 1 after, who was Naval Officer in Virginia, said. That Salt is often exported from New York into any other of the Colonies, in Ships regularly cleared out at Bqflon.

Mr. Read, being examined, said. That the Method of making Salt in England has hitherto been by violent Fires;

the Consequence of which is, that a great deal of the Spirit of the Salt is loft.

Then he was asked. If the Salt made in the Southern Parts of Europe is the belt for hot Climates ? said, It is the best; it is stronger than the French Bay Salt, sweeter, more mild, and the fitted to cure all Sorts of Fish, and other Provisions; for the Meat in those Climates will not keep, nor will it take Salt, unless the Salt be good: And he further laid. That Salt might be made as good as the

Lisbon Salt; but it would require a Length of Time, and be more expensive than what it might be had lor there.

That he has made Salt wiih the Sun; and (old it to the Government, during the French War, cheaper than French Bay Salt could be bought lor.

Mr. Crokatt further said. That Salt is a bulky, coarse, and perishable Commodity, it will not bear the Charges attending the Carriage of it from England to different Countries; for, if it gets Water, it is more subject to melt than the European Salt, which is of a larger Grain: That he has given above ion per Ton Freight for Salt from Bristol to Carolina, and was also at a considerable

Expence for the proper Stowage thereof: And,

Mr. Andrezv Pringle said, That the Freight cf Salt

from Bristol to Carolina is about 10 per Ton.

Mr. Crokatt alto said. 1'hat he is greatly concerned in Shipping, which take in a Loading of Curn in England for several Ports in Europe, where the best Salt is made, who proceed from thence in Ballaff to North and are Six Weeks or Two Months in their Voyage, ip order to return to Great Britain laden with the Produce of thote Colonies; which it they were allowed to carry Salt from those Places instead of Ballaff, it would not only save the whole Freight of such Salt, but also the Expence of purchasing Ballaff, which they are now obliged to load there: That he has paid 2ox. per Ton Freight for Goods sent from England to Lisbon, which it the Ship could have loaden Salt instead of Ballaff, the Freight would not have been above for. per Ton.

Mr. Pringle ami Mr. Crokatt severally said. That the Price of Ballaff is from £. 10 to /. 15 for Ships from 100 to 300 Tons Burthen, and the Price, of Salt about 12 s.

6 d.per Ton.

But it appeared to the Committee, by the Evidence of a Member, That the Price of Ballaff was rather more than what had been mentioned, and that the Price of Salt is about 1 or. per Ton.

Then there was produced an Act of Parliament, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Encouragement of Trade; which being in Part read, it appeared. That Liberty was granted to carry Salt from any Part of Europe ddeftly to New England and Newfoundland.

And, by an Act of Parliament, made in the 15th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Firff, which was also produced, and read, it appeared, That the same Liberty was granted to carry Salt from any Part of Europe directly to Penfi 'vania.

And, by an Act, made in the 3d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, which being also read, it appeared. That Liberty was granted to carry Salt directly from any Part of Europe to New York.

Mr. George Burrington laid. That the Reasons arc much stronger for giving Liberty to carry Salt to Carolina than to PevJUvania, there being much greater Plenty of

Fish of all Kinds, which might and.would be cured, if they had proper Salt for that Purpose, and cheap.

And a Member laid, That there is as great Plenty of all Sorts of Fish at Carolina as in any other of the Colonies to the Southward of MaftaBay.

Mr. James Wood, Clerk of the Cutting-house at the Vidkualing-Office, being examined, said. That the Salt used in felting Provisions for the Use of the Royal Navy is Newcastle White Salt and Frettch Bay Salt, which is mixed together in the following manner; viz. 4 Gallons and a H(af of Ne ocastle White and One Gallon ard a Quart oi French Bay Salt, which is sufficient to salt 100 Weight of Flesh: That they have used English Bay Salt made at Portjea, near Portsmouth, and found it equally good as French Bay Salt, and also found s Salt

as good: That they have made Experiments of all Sorts of Engiftt Salt bn preserving Meat for the West Indies,

which Meat has been very good when brought home.

Mr. John Hardman, Merchant at Liverpool, being examined said, That great Quantities of White Salt may be had at Frodsham, near Li, sufficient to supply Europe and America, and the Price is from gd. to

per

2 2 Geo. II. 70 Ma 1035

per BuGiel (which was formerly sold at but, if

delivered at Liverpool, it is is. per Ton more, which is about 3 i d.or 4</. per Bushel.

He was asked, How it happens that the Colonies are not supplied with English Salt when it is at so low a Price ? said, That, notwithstanding the low Price of Salt, Ships can't go on purpose with it to the Colonies, unless they have proper Freight, for it would not answer.

That Lowndes's Salt is made in Cheshire; and had feon 20 Butts of it shipped off for Newfoundland by Order of the Viflualing Board, as an Experiment; the Grain of it was as large as the Portugal or St. alt; and believes there was no Objection to it, but being dearer; and he made no Doubt, if it was encouraged, but it might be fold cheaper: That on being asked the Price of it ? said. He did not know.

That upon being asked, Where that Salt was to be sold, Answer was made by a Member, That he would deliver 400 Tons of it at any time: That the Grain is larger than the Lijbonor St. Ubes Salt, is cleaner, and will go further: And the same Person further said, That about 25 Years ago he had Licence to take in Slaves at Madagascar, and lie sent a Ship from Liverpool of about or 300 Tons Burthen, w'ith Salt from England to salt Meat there for the Slaves 0:1 their Arrival; Live Cattle were bought and killed, and the Meat salted with that Salt: That upwards of 600 Slaves were carried from thence to Jamaica; the Ship afterwards came to England, and some of that Meat was brought in her, and he eat Part of the fame, which was good and wholesome.

That he has cured Provisions with common White Salt for victualing Ships for Guinea for 40 Years part, and never heard any Complaint on the Ships Return, which which has been 17 or 18 Months after.

And he added. That he had salted great Quantities of Meat without using foreign Salt; and one Year cured 1,600 Barrels of Herrings without using foreign Salt.

Then Mr. Hardmamwas asked. If be thought English Salt would do for preserving Meat in hot Climates ? laid, He could not tell, having never been abroad.

Then he was asked, How the Sale of Salt had increasecl to the Eall Country ? said, That within Eight or 10 Years it has increased Ten times as much as it was 20 Years ago, by their being acquainted with, and having tiled English Salt; for, when they bring Timber from those Parts to Liverpool, they carry back Salt with them, which is now as cheap there as at Lisbon.

He was asked, What Salt they use in said,

English Salt; and within Two or Three Years Rock Salt has fallen One Half in Price, which is now carried to

Ireland, and refined there: That the Irish use both foreign and Bay Salt, but does not know the Quantity: That English. Salt is belt to cure the Meat, but the Bay Salt to pack it.

And Mr. Hardman further fiid, That if Liberty should be given to carry Salt from Portugal and Spain into the Colonies, where at present it is not permitted to be carried, it will be of great Prejudice to the Manufacturers of Salt in England, and thinks it will be of bad Consequence; for he knows of no other Guard that this Nation l»as, whereby to secure to it the Benefit of supplying the Colonies with all Kinds of their Manufactures, except the Navigation Act; and if, in this One Instance, it was to be broke into, it will relax the Force of it in fqch a manner, that an Opportunity will be given of supplying the Colonies with foreign Goods; and this is One Reason that Liberty should not be given.

He was asked. If, upon his own Knowlege, he knows of Goods being run into the Colonies ? said. He did not of his own Knowlege, but has heard Complaints from

New York of foreign Goods having been introduced.

That upon being asked, If New York had more Trade with Holland than with England? he laid. It is the general Opinion that they have, and takes this to be One Reason why this Liberty is desired: That there is no Ne-celfity for granting this Liberty, for they may be supplied with Salt enough from England to serve all , and

Vol. 25.

other Places that want it, which answers every Use (no Importing other being used at Liverpool for falling Sea Provisions, American which if there was better Salt, they would ule it), besides Colonies, the Isle of May, if open; and, as he believes, Salt may be carried as cheap from thence as from Portugal or Spain, and not any of those Inconvencies can arise, but have the Advantage of carrying Asses, Bullocks, Mules, and Horses, to Barbadoes or Antigua.

Then he was asked. That if he sent a Ship loaden with Corn to Leghorn, whether a Cargo of Salt could not be taken in cheaper at Ivaca for Virginia, than, going round the Isle of May, to take in Salt there for Virginia? said.

That he apprehends there is so little Difference between one and the other, that he did not know which he should chuse; but as he never fends a Ship to the Isle for Salt, where he has it only for Labour, without taking in the Cattle aforesaid, he should chuse to go by the Isle of May, and believes all the Merchants at Liverpool would chuse the fame; and could not tell which Navivation is the cheapest, and whether one is 10 or £.20 more or less than the other.

He was also asked, If Salt was to be had at all times for nothing but Labour at the Isle of May ? said. That there maybe a Difference at some Times of the Year; but the Time when he lends to load Salt, is the Season lor going to the Plantations; and a Ship of about 200 Tons Burthen may be loaden with Salt for about 60 or 70/. and is from 14 Days to Five Weeks taking in her Loading.

Then he was asked. Whether Ships in the rainy Sea-fons are not prevented from getting Salt ? said, He believed so.

And being aflted, Whether Ships going from the Mediterranean, round by the Isle of May, to Virginia, can't smuggle Goods as well as if they carried Salt from the Mediterranean ? laid. He could not tell.

That being asked, Whether, as the Law now Hands, cannot foreign Goods be smuggled into those Colonies which have Liberty of importing Salt, and from thence carried into the other Colonies P said, He believed they might.

Then Mr. Hardman laid before the Committee several Letters, which he had lately received; and said, That he is well acquainted with the Persons, and that the Name ligned at the Bottom of each Letter is the Hand-writing of such Person. The said Letters are as follow; viz.

Sir, Liverpool, 18th February 1749.

Having received a Letter from Mr. Ralph Barrow at Norwich, of the 17 th inllant, intimating, that Objection is made by some Gentlemen, that the Salt made with them is not so sufficient for curing Fleth Provisiops, and Fish, as the foreign Salt; I have for several Years pad experienced it in curing Provisions for the Navy, ^pd formerly in the Herring Fishery; one Season cured upwards of i,7ood Bands; and at present cures large Quap-tities of Bacon, Hams, Beef, and Pork, for Exportation; and in all these Cafes, finds it to answer extremely well; and therefore is of Opinion, that Salt well made from the pure Spring Brine cannot be outdone. I heartily wish you Health; and am, with due Regard,

Sir,

Your very humble Servant,

Tp Mr. John Hardman, Wm. Garr.

Merchant, in London.

Mr. Hardman, Norwich, February 16th, <749.

I hope the Legislature will consider better than be the Destruction of so many Thousands of Families, if n o their Ruin, such as the Persons who have laid out goqd Fortunes in making Brine and Rock Salt Pits, erecting Salt-works, building Flatts to the Number of above Seventy (besides Five or Six on the Stocks) which are in a proper Condition to carry either Rock or White Salt to the Corporation of Liverpool, and some to Ireland; the Families of the Boatmen, the Rock-getters, the Drawers of the Rock, the Water-drawers to Keep the Rock dry, which would consume the Rock and Pits, the Workmen

thatt

Importing

Salt into

American

Colonies,

1036 70 Martii. A> 1749.

that make the Salt, the Brine-drawers, the Flat-loaders; then go to the Gentlemen of Lancashire and as the Expence has been large in sinking Pits, and Engines, £5 fc.for C.ial, the Number of Workmen that get them, and employed in that Branch, befid<-s the Carters that carry them to the Flats in , and the

Staffordshire Carters that carry them to Middlewich Collection, which get their Bread by it; likewise the Me-chanicks in rigging, and Carpenters, Smiths, Lfc. that are employed for our Flatts and for our Rock Pits, the Coal Pits, t£c.

The Collections of our Town of , are

now in a proper way to make, in a Week, 24,000 Bushels.

As to Mr. Lowndes's Scheme, 1 am sure I can mend it; as he bought Salt of me, some of which he sent to the Lords of the Treasury, to the Victualing-Office* Lords of the Admiralty, (Ac.

And these Two Collections have Brine to make White Salt to supply any Demand; besides, pure Brine certainly is belter than can be got from the Sea.

Ralph Barrow.

Sir, Liver23d 17 49.

I fiave your Favour 20th current, wrote you on 18 current } now advise our Number of Pans that does Bufi-nels in the Salt Trade, and are cleared out by Mr. low, our Salt Collector, is 105; and that they can, on a niodeft Calculation, make per Annum 1,365,832 Bushels; and, if proper Encouragement was given to this our Manufactory, Five times that Quantity might be made every Year. I am concerned in a Brine Pit of such Strength, that Nature cannot produce any thing ttronger of a Pickle; and that 'tis in our Power to do any thing with it, in making it in suitable Grain, what may be asked for, large or small, either to strike the Thing wanted to be cured quick or flow, as the Curer shall ieem meet to ask for.

RicJA Ford.

P. S. The Brine Springs with us would produce such Quantities of Liquor, if wanted, that 'tis not in the Power of Man to know the Limits of such Springs.

To Mr. Hardman.

Mr. Hardman, Northwich February 19th, 1749.

Sir, I wrote to Mr. Carr; his Answer to me is, That no Salt will cure Fish or Flesh better than he has had from our Town. The Salt that was sent by Order of the Government to Newfound/and, which went from this Town and Middlewich, as i am told, answered exceeding well.

Under, you have the Three Years Delivery of White Salt from the Two Collections, which the Commissioners or Clerks can certify is true.

Ralph Barrow.

P. S. More than double the Quantity might be made, was there a Demand for it.

John Hardman Esquire.

Sir, Liverpool February 18th, 1749.

And as to its curing Herrings, no other Salt is ever used in the Welsh Fishery: I have fold io, ooood Bushels this Year for that Purpose, which will appear by the Salt Collector's Books.

John Black burne j u n ior.

And further said, That to shew the Committee the Bealons why it appears, that the Consumption of Salt since the Peace has been folcffened, is, becausi (he Colonies have heen supplied with foreign Salt: That he had taken an Account (out of the ColU dor's Books) of U hite Salt exported from the Port of Liverpool to British America, from 25 December 1746, to 25 December 1749, and there was exported in the Year

From Northwich.

B. G.

In 1746, 505,071 6 -

»747» 5*3»146 3 -

1748, 484,230 7 -

Total - - 1,502,449 o

From Middlewich.

B. G. 1747

- 25°.337 6 1748

- - 286,427 6 1749

- - 253.3+6 4

On an Average

790,112 o

Bushels. Tons.

194-538 — is 4.863

152,651 — — is 3,816

106,481 — — is 2,662

.152,223! — — is 3.78o!

Mr. Hardman, Northwich, February 24th, 1749.

In Answer to your last is that, that we have 97 Pans in the Two Collections, and not Half of them above half-worked, so that a vast deal more might be made; and we have Brine enough to supply double the Quantity, and a deal more; hut as it's not wanted, besides the great Quantity of Salt in Hand, for want of a Demand.

Ralph Barrow.

Sir, Liverpool, 16th 1749.

I wrote you 13th current, to which refer. I did not mention how great a Number of Pans have been stopt since the Commencement of the Peace; 1 fully believe 30 Pans; which owing to the Encouragement of foreign Salt, which is easier come at now than in time of War. I further say, that these neighbouring Collections, have, on a most eft Calculation, upwards of 200,ooood Bushels of Salt on Hand of a dead Stock} leave it to any impartial Gentleman to fee why a foreign Manufactory must be encouraged, when we, in some measure, are starving in Great Britain, on as good a Manufactory as they can produce, and is raised ail from Labour.

Richd Ford.

To Mr. John Hardman,

Merchant, in London.

He was asked. If there is any Reason for any Difference between before and now ? said, That as Salt can be now imported into New York and Penfflvauia, they can run it into the other Colonies; knows they can, and believes they do, but thinks it is wrong.

Then he was asked. Whether the Consumption nowin the Colonies is equal to what it was before the War ? said He could not tell; but apprehends, if this Liberty is

fiven, it will very much lessen the Consumption of our fanufactures in those Colonies.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for importing Salt from Europe into any of his Majesty's Colonies in America;

It passed in the Negative.

The Lord Dupplin, from the Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of Money paid, and Bills of Exchange drawn, for the Charges incurred by transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty's Subjects now settled in the said Colony: And also.

An

Conveying reduced Otiicers, to Nova Scoria.

a3 GEO. II. fMartii. 1037

An Estimate of the Charge of supporting, maintain- And Part of the said Account and Estimate was atfo Tng, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty's read. . '

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 175®' The said Account and Estimate are as followeth j

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimate were read.

Atf ACCOUNT of Money paid, and Bills of Exchange drawn, for the Charges incurred by tfansporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and private Men dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty's Subjects now settled in the said Colony.

To Blankets, Woollens, and Shoes, for the Settlers, and Presents to the Indians - - - 1,315 4 8

Tools for Husbandry and Artificers, Lines, Nets, and Hooks, for Fish^ry, Stationary, Surveyors

Instruments, Bricks, and Garden Seeds - 2,729129

Medicines, Sugar, and Live Stock, for the Voyage, and Drugs, Instruments, and Necessaries,

for the Hospital - - - 680 14 8

Lighterage, and flapping off the Settlers, Package, and Charges on Hospital Stores, a Surgeon with Medicines by the Transport from Liverpool, and Passengers by the Union Snow - 336 3

French Bibles - - - - . - - - - 10a 17 to

Cash paid for Victualing for the Settlers ----- -- - 12,068 5 6

Treasurer of the Navy, for Bedding and Victualing for the Voyage - - - - 7,354 19 —

Ditto for a Bill from Liverpool, on Account of the Sarah Transport - - - - 67188

Treasurer of the Ordnance, for Field Pieces, Swivel Guns, Small Arms, and Powder - 3,592 4 4

Printing, and incidental Expences, by Directions of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and

Plantations - > - ..... 445 19 10

Ventilators in Six Transports - -- 102 11 6

Two Fire Engines - - - 72 16 — -

Pay of Surgeons, Apothecaries, and Midwife, exclusive of what they received at Halifax - 860 — —

Silver and Gold carried by the Governor - - - £. 3,922 8 —

Bills of Exchange drawn by Ditto ----- - 11,452 13 4

----- --: ----- -« 4

By Captain Ives, for a Boat - - - - 40 — —

By the Treasurer, for Scales and Weights - 21 7 —

By Delaney and Watts, for Silver sent from New York to the Governor - - - 5,523 5 9

By Tho. Hancock Esquire, for Boards, Plank, 1 Schooners, Salt, and Money supplied to purchase Materials for Mills - -- 1,528 15 —

By Lieutenant Martin, from Boston ----- --- - 576 8 6

52,80 4 2 7

There is also due for Transport Service for the Settlers of Nova , not included in the above

Account, no Demand having been made upon me for it, the Sum of - - 23,672 1 3

£76,476- 3 10

Memorandum: Governor Cornwallis has not yet been able to transmit an Account of the Expenditure of the Money for which the Bills were drawn by him, and his Order, as mentioned in the foregoing Account.

Errors excepted, 5 March 1749. Chris. Kilby, Agent to

the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova,

A® ESTIMATE of the Charges of supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty's

Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 1750.

£ s. d.

Hire of Four Transports, being, in the Whole, 1,594 Tons, retained in the Service of the Settlement for Hospitals, Magazines for Stores, and Accommodation of such Settlers as had not been able to build their Houses, at 7 s.6d. a Ton a Month for Six Months - 3,586 10 —

Victualing for 1,300 new Settlers, and such of the old ones as may be in Circumstances that require a Continuance of their Supply, computed at loo Persons, in all, 1,506 - - 10,265 12 6

To Colonel War burton's Regiment of 700 Men, and Companies of General Phillipps's of 70 Men each, being, in all, 1,120 Men, 4 d,per Man per Diem, to replace to them that Deduction made from their Pay for Provisions - - - - 6,81368

Pay of Captain Gorham's Company of 106 Rangers - - - - 1,500 — —

Pay of Captain Gilman's Company of the same Number ----- -- 1,500 — —

Pay of Captain Qapham' % Company of 50 Rangers ----- - 750 — —

Pay of 2 Surgeons and 2 Apothecaries at 10 s.and 2 Mates at £s. a Day, and Midwife £. 50

a Year - - - 1,145 — —

Salaries of Civil Officers, Surveyors, and Mill-master - - - - 1,948 10 —

Gratuities to be given for the Encouragement of 1,000 foreign Protestantsto transport themselves at their own Expence - 1,050 — —

Transportation of joo Persons ta be sent from England ----- -- 1,50a ——

Voi/. 25. 12 H Material

1038 7°‘ — 8° MartiL A. 1749.

d.

Materials for building. Tool*, £sV, for the Use of the Settlers, and for Materials, Artificers, and Labourers, to be employed in erecting Forts, Rlockhouses, Storehouses, and Church, and in making Roads - -- -- 9,000 — —

Maintenance of 3 Sloops of 90 Tons each, lately in the Service of the Qarrifon of

and now employed in the Protection of the Settlement, with 6 Men constantly on board each

Sloop, at £. 20 per Sloop per Month - -- i- -- 720 — —

39,778 19 2

Ordered, That the said Accountand Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Difcuffions A Motion was made, and the Qcieftion being put* respecting That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, ova cotia. ,pfiat will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Memorials, Representations, Letters, and Papers, that have passed between any of his Majesty's Governors or Commanders in Chief in North Ameriand his Majesty's Ministers in Great Britain; and of all Memorials, Declarations, Rfepresentutions, Letters, and Papers, that have passed between his Majesty's Ministers and the Ministers of the French King, so far as they relate to any Dispute concerning his Majesty's Title to" the Province of'Nova or concerning the Limits thereof, finCe the Definitive Treaty concluded at Aia upon the 18th of OBbbery N. S. 1748;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } «7-

Tellers for

So it passed in the Negative.

The other OrdeK of the Day being read*

Sail-cloth Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Manufeflure. ing next, refalve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many other*, was referred*

Way* Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom-ind Means. ffig next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Way's and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. ResolveeJ, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to'consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Expiring Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Lav>-s. Were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring* and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are fit to be revived} or. continued be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Whitby Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel for and fJtrbcur. against the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, be further adjourned till Friday Seven-night.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovts, 8* die Martii 3

Anno 23* Georgii IIi; Regis, 17491* Pjlaters.

Iron exported rT'HE House being informed, that Mr.

to Plantation*. A from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the

House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Quantity of Bar Iron exported to the British Plantations, from Christmas 1*746, to Christmas 1749, distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sit John Pennington presented to the House, according Egremom to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Road*, leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon , and Salt house, in the County of Cumberland: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Com- York Road*, mittee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone, in the North Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Eastngwold and Fhirfk-, and also the Road lead-

ing from the City of York to Boroug in the said Riding; is committed.,

A Petition of the Ironmongers, Smiths, and others, importing of the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Iron from on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more Ameris* employed in the Trade and Manufacture of Iron, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That it a Bill for encouraging the Importing of Pig and Bar Iron from Americashould paf* into a Law, under proper Restrictions in regard to the Manufacturing of Iron in America, it will be of great Benefit, as it is apprehended, to the Trade of this Nation, and more especially to the Trade of the said County (on which the Livelihoods of many Thousands here wholly depend) for that it will encourage the Merchants in our American Colonies to take more Goods from this Nation of the Iron Manufacture than they have hither done, because it will enable them to make Returns for those Goods, which is a Difficulty they have laboured under for want of proper Commodities fit for such Remittances; and that it hath been generally allowed, that all the Iron Works in this Kingdom do not supply half the Quantity of Iron sufficient to carry on the Iron Manufacture, and that the Deficiency is brought from other Markets* and that, if a great Part of that Deficiency could be supplied from the American Colonies, the People of this Nation could not be under the Necessity of importing such great Quantities of Swedish Iron, as hath been practised fora long time, for which the Swedes are paid annually large Sums in Specie (they taking very little of our Commodities in Return); and that the Bringing of Iron from the American Colonies cannot affect the Iron Works and Gentlemens Woods in this Kingdom, more than if the like Quantity of Iron was to be brought from any other Country: And therefore praying. That such Encouragement may be given for the Importation of Pig and Bar 1 ron from the American Colonies, as the House shall think proper; but, in regard that many Thousand Families in this Country wholly subsist in the several Branches of the Iron Trade, and mud be ruined if the Manufactory of Iron should be carried into America, further praying.

That the American People may be restrained from erecting any Slitting or Rolling Mills, or any Forges for plating of Iron, and under such other Restraints as may seem 7 meet

23 GEO.II. 8 0 1039

maet to the House, to secure for ever the Trade to this thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; Country. is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lideration of the Committee of the whole House, to That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of whom the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Rcgu-BarTron from America-, and to prevent the Making of lating of Pilots, for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the from Deal, and Isle of up the Rivers ot

Britisli Colonies there; is committed. Thames and Medway, which was to continue in Force for

Seven Years* and from thence to the End of the then Westminster A Petition of John Lawfort, Lomax Mdrtyit, George next Session of Parliament; and also a Clause for further Small Debts. Weller, and John Le Grefs Spelman, Elqutrcs, the Counsel regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of

of the ancient Court of the Marshalsea of the King's Thanet, in an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Houshold, and of the Court of his Majesty's Palace of Reign of his late Majesty, which was to be in Force Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting during the Continuance of the said Act of the Third forth, That, in the said Courts, the Offices of Counselare Year of his said late Majesty's Reign; which said Act, held and enjoyed for the rel'peftive Lives of the Persons together with the said Clause, were, by an Act, made in placed in the fame; and that the Freeholds of the Peti- the Tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, tioners in those Offices have always been acknowledged by continued in Force (or the further Term of Eleven Years; Parliament, and have accordingly been expressly made and from thence to the End of the then next Session of chargeable towards the Levies by Land Tax; and that Parliament; and which said Act, together with the said the Petitioners apprehend the said Courts were chiefly Clause, were, by an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his instituted for the easy Recovery of small Debts within the present Majesty's Reign, further continued until the 25th Precincts of their JurisJiftion, which appears to be the Day of 1749, and from thence to the End of the fame beneficial Design intended to be further promoted then next Session of Parliament; are near expiring, and by the Bill under Consideration of Parliament, relating fit to be continued.

to the City and Liberty of Westminster, and Part of the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee;

Duchy of Lancaster; and that, as the Actions usually That lo much of an Act, made in the Fifteenth and Six-brought in the Marshalseaand Palace Courts are for small teenth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Sums, the Restraining of them from holding Pleas under Act to impower the importers and Proprietors of Rum, the Value of Forty Shillings, in any Part of their present or Spirits of the Sugar Plantations, to land the Jurisdiction, will greatly prejudice the several Freeholds same before Payment of the Duties of Excite charged of the Petitioners in their said Offices, to which they have thereon, and to lodge the same in Warehouses at their no Salaries annexed, or any other Emolument except own Expence; and for the Belief of Ralph Barrow in what arise from their Fees; and expressing the Hope of respect t the Duty or same Rock Salt loft by the Over-the Petitioners, that, if the House shall think fit to carry flowing o. the Rivers Weaver and Dunn as relates to the into a Law the Bill for the more easy and speedy Reco- Landing of Rumor Spirits of the Sugar Planta-

very of (mail Debts within the City and Liberty of tions before Payment of the Duties of Excise, and to the Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster Lodging of the same in Warehouses at the Expence of the which lies within the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and Importers or Proprietors thereof; which was to continue St. Mary UStrand, the Regard usually had by Parliament in Force until the 29th Day of September 1749, and from tc the Damage which particular Persons rtiay sustain in thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; i*. their several Freeholds will not be neglected in the same of near expiring, arid tit to be continued, the Petitioners; but that they shall have some reasonable That it:is the Opinion of this Committee,

Amends for the Prejudice that will accrue to them thereby, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign or such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act more effectually seem meet; and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the touching the fame. Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the'Con- and that Part of the Duchy of

sideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Pariftl be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, of St. Andrew Holborn os lies in the County of Upon their Petition. which was to continue in Force, from the 24th Day of

September 1746, for the Term of Three Years, and from The Order of the Day being read; thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

Expiring The House proceeded to take into Consideration the is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Report from the Committee who were appointed to Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and That an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of to report their Opinion to the House, which of them are his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving and fit to be revived, or continued. amending an Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years

And the said Report was read; and the Resolutions of of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, the Committee are as followeth; 4iz. intituled, An Act to prevent the Exactions of the Occu-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, piers of Locks and Wears upon the River of That so much of an Act, made in the Second Year of Westward; and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for carriage upon the said River; which was to continue in the better Preservation of his Majesty's Woods in Force, from the First Day of May 1730, for the Term America; and for the Encouragement of the Importation of Nine Years, and from thence to the End of the then of Naval Stores from thence; and to encourage the Im- next Session of Parliament; and which, by another Act, nortation of Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, from that made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his pre-Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, as relates to the sent Majesty, was further continued until the First Day of Premiums upon Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, 747; and which, by another Act, made in the

and Turpentine, which was to continue in Force from the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was 29th Day of September 1729, for the Term of Thirteen further continued until the First Day of 1749; and Years, ... to the End of the then next Session of Parlia- which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-second Year xnent, and which, by another Act, made in the Thirteenth of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further continued Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was further until the First Day of June 1750; is near expiring, and continued until the 25th Day of December 1750, and from fit to be continued.

Vol. 25. ' Resolved,

1O40 8° — -c

Xxpiring " Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* Law*. That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations, more effectually to prevent the Spreading of the Distemper which how rages amongst the Horned Cattle in this Kingdom, Which was to continue in Force for the Space of Eight Months, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, was explained, amended, and continued, and to be in Force, with the said last mentioned Act, for the Space of Eight Months, from the loth Day of January 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which said Acts, by an Act, made in the 21st Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, werfe further continued until the 24th Day of September *748, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which, by an Act, made in the 2 2d Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, were further continued until the 24th Day of September 1749, and from thence to the End of the then: next Session of Parliament; and also several Clauses in the said Act, made in the 22d Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for amending, explaining, and enforcing, the said Acts made in the 19th and 20th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, and for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper amongst the Horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves; are near expiring; and fit to be continued.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

The other Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the Resolutions of the said Committee which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Mr.

Stewart of IVigtoun, Mr. , Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Thornton, Mr. , and

Sir Richard Lloyd, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Premiums on Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Malts, he. of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, That they do consider so much of the Acts mentioned in the First Resolution of the said Committee, which hath been postponed, as relates to the Premiums upon Mads, Yards, and Bowsprits, Tar, Pitch, and Turpentine.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of sundry Bargemasters and Navigators of t|ie River 'Thames, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, be discharged from . proceeding upon the Matter of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Viexerts, 9° Mart it;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1749.

P It A T E R S.

Bond* far rI "'HE House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from si-exporting X the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, V'ambricks. attended at tlte Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of all Bonds given, with the Names of the Persons by whom such Bonds are given, for Re-exportation of Cambricks in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, since the Palling of the Act of the 18th Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting the Wearing and Importation.of Cambricks and French Lawns.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Martii. 1749-

Ordered That the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, is referred.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to We4 iofter whom the Bill for aligning a Place proper for holding Market., the Market in the City of IF eft minder, in lieu of the ancient Market-place called The Round tVoo: and for regulating the said Market; was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom pownolPi the Bill for securing the sole Property, Benefit, and Ad van- Balhft

tage, of an Engine invented by 1/iael deceased, Engine-

for railing Ballast, Sullage, and Satid, and for removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. Were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes Westminster within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and of that Small Debt* Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by the Bill, depending in the House, for the more easy and (peedy Recovery of small Debts within the said City, Liberties, and Duchy, the Petitioners are informed One Court and Court-house is intended to be conllituted and established for the Purpose aforesaid:

And alleging, That, in a Place so extremely populous and extensive, One Court and Court-house will be so far from being of publick and general Utility, that it will be attended with great Inconvenience, Delay, and Expence; and that, as the Petitioners desire nothing more than the publick Welfare, they hope they can make it appear clearly to the Satisfaction of the House, that it would tend much more to general Use and Benefit to have at least Four Courts established within the said Chy, Liberties, and Duchy; or, if One Court should be though.t sufficient, that such Court should be held in at least Four different Divisions, whereby Business would be rendered more easy, expedient, and less expensive: And therefore praying. That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and allow the Petitioners to be heard, by themselves, or Counsel, upon the said Bill; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House Hull seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, . be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

t a*ir.

23 Geo. II. p° Martii. 1041

Mr. Naffaupresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making more effectual several Acis of Parliament of King William the Third, of the Fifth of King George the First, and of the Thirteenth of his present Majesty, for cleansing, repairing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Hytke at to , in the.

County of Essex-, and for repairing, the Lock, and cleansing the said Chanel; and for repairing the Streets of the Town of Colchester: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made on the Marriage of Henry Walters, Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Prowse, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Popha Sir John Cujl, Mr. ton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Gray, Sir Sir Charles

Mordaunt, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Southwell, Mr. White, M r. Yorke, Mr. Townshend, Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Lyster, Sir Nath. Curzon, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Colleton, General Onslow, Mr. Compton, Mr. Belchier, Colonel Griffin, Mr. West, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Bold, Mr. Frederick, Sir Charles Kemys Tynte, Lord Mr. Thornton, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Gage, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hay, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Williams, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Phillipson, Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Admiral Townshend, Mr.

Fazakerley, Mr. Craven, Mr. Plumptre; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Somerset, Wilts, Gloucester, Nottingham, Stafford, and Derby: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Westminster Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee,

Small Debts. wi10tn the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery

of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of which lies

within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, is committed. That they do admit Counsel to be heard, in favour of the said Bill, against the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and of that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes And St. Mary le Strand, this Day presented to the House-

Seduftion of An ingrossed Bill to amend and render more effectual Artificers to an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late foreign Part*. Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the Inconveniencies arising from seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing of Frauds and Abuses committed by Persons employed in the Manufacture of Hats, and in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, Iron, Leather, Fur, Hemp, Flax, Mohair, and Siik, Manufactures; and for preventing unlawful Combinations of Journeymen Dyers and Journeymen Hot-preflers, and of all Persons employed in the said severalManufactures; and for the better Payment of their Wages; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 5. After " ," to insert " respectively

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed toby the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the B'll dopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for the effectual Punishing of Persons convicted of seducing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the Exportation of Uten-VoL. 45.

fils made use of in the Woollen and Silk Maffufactures from Great Britain or Ireland into foreign Parts j and for the more easy and speedyDetermination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Law* Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen Pllou' kc* in the Merchants Service; and also so much of an Act, made in the Eighth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws therein mentioned, for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; for the Regulating of Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; for preventing Frauds in the Customs; and to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods; and for maxing Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated Commodity; as relate to the said Act made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign; mighty be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions reported from the Committeewho were appointed toinquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; as were Yesterday agreed so by the House;

That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for the further Continuing'of the said Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation and Goverment of Seamen in the Merchants Service.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Lift of the publick Officers and Persons, to whom any Salaries and Allowances are payable out of the Hanaper-Office, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue of the Hanaper, and of the yearly Payments and Allowances thereout, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That it bean Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Revenue belonging to the Office of Mailer and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty recommends it to the House to consider of a proper Augmentation of the Revenue belonging to the Office of Mailer and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Augmentation of the Revenue belonging to the Office of Mailer and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt upon the Hanaper Office, to Michaelmas 1749, and to whom due, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Copy of the Letters Patent of the Seal or Green Wax Office be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Produce of the Seal or Green Wax Office, for Forty Years, from the 13th February 1708, to the February 1748, with the several Rents payable out of the fame, and the annual Charge of executing thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Produce of the Office called the Six-peny Writ Office in Chancery, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and the

12 I yearly

Colchester

Chanel

Navigation,

*c.

Walter*'

Marriage

Settlements,

o

Martii

Southwark

Street*.

Britishi

Fishery.

Ribble

Salmon

Fishery.

1042

iz

*749*

yearly Payments thereout, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce of the Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and paid into the Bank of England, from the Commencement in 1726, to the Determination thereof, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Calli remaining in the Bank of England in the Name of the Accomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, and placed to the Credit of the Fund granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the said Court, after Satisfaction of the Demands of the Offices of the deficient Matters, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch within the Parish of John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Fishery.

v And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Nine of the Clock.

Lunce, 12° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii lldl Regis, 1749. Praters.

0RDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws arc expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; as were, upon Thursday the 8th Day of this irift ant March, agreed to by the House; That they do, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, make Provision for amending an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the better preventing freshFilh taken by Foreigners being imported into this Kingdom; and for the Preservation of the Fry of Fish; and for the giving Leave to import Lobsters and Turbots in foreign Bottoms; and for the better Preservation of Salmon within several Rivers in that Part of this Kingdom called England; so far as the said Act relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River Ribble, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That the Lord Strange and Mr. be added *3

to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepaid, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills, That they do, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, make Provision for making more effectual the several Acts of Parliament heretofore made for the Preservation of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers and Streams within this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Jenyns and Mr. Cornewall be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

A Petition of the Tanners of Leather in and about the Impo*t?»g Town of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, was pre- Iron fi'orn

fented to the House, and read; alleging, That should the America* Bill now depending, for the free Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America, pass into a Law, the Petitioners are very apprehensive the same will be greatly detrimental to their Properties in many respects, to the Overthrow of their Trade, and the Diminution of his Majesty's Revenues: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the Nature of their same requires.

A Petition of the Tanners of Leather near the Towns of IVakefield and Leeds, in the County of York, whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are many and great Woods near the said Towns of IVakefield and Leeds, which are springed, and preferred for the Supply of several Furnaces and Forges with Cord-wood, and for the Supply of Oak Bark for the Tanning of Leather: And alleging. That the Petitioners apprehend, that should the Bill now depending in the House, for taking off the Duty on Bar Iron imported into this Kingdom, Irom our Plantations, pass into a Law, the Furnaces and Forges now employed, and using such Cord-wood, will be in a great measure unemployed, since they cannot afford to make Iron upon the same easy Terms on which it may be made in the Plantations, where Cord-wood is so much cheaper than it will be afforded in this Kingdom; the Consequences whereof will be, as the Petitioners fear, that many Spring Woods will be destroyed, and the Petitioners thereby deprived of a regular Supply of Bark necessary for the Tanning of Leather, to the Destruction of that useful Trade, and Ruin of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are not apprehensive of great Damage arising from the Importation of American Pig Iron Duty-free; for, should such Importation destroy the Furnaces, the Forges now built would be worked the harder, or new ones erected for the Consumption of the Charcoal which the Country can supply: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Ordering of the Office Office of of Coroner, was read the Third time. Coroner.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. L. xo. To Leave out from aforesaid" to " And be it," in L. 20:

Pr. 16. L. 22. To leave out " Ten," and insert " Twenty:"

And the said Amendments were; upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for the better Ordering of the Office of Coroner.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornewall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by his Afmy. Majesty's Command, an Account of Services incurred America.*1 during the War, in his Majesty's Colonies in North

America,

12° Martiu

a 3 Geo. II.

1043

America, on account of the intended Expedition against Canada, and for other Services arising therefrom, and for the Succour of Nova Scotia.

And the Title of the said Account was read. The laid Account is as foHoweth j viz.

An ACCOUNT of Services incurred during the War, in his Majesty's Colonies in North America, o account of the intended Expedition against Canada, and far other Services arising therefrom, and for the Succour of Nova Scotia.

Massachusets Bay.

To the Charge of Two Regiments of Foot, the one confiding of 17, and the other of 10, Companies of 100 Men each Company, raised in this Province for the intended Expedition against Canada, from the Day of each Officer's entering into the Service, and private Man's f nliftment, commencing in June 174 6,to the Day ,of their Discharge on the 31st of 1747 - -

To Cloaths and Arms for the said Two Regiments -

To sundry military Stores provided for the Service of the said intended Expedition ——

To sundry Expences in victualing and transporting a Detachment of the above Two Regiments to Annapolis Royal, and for warlike Stores -To Provisions and Bedding sent to Annapolis Royal or the Sick of the said Detachment ——

To Provisions and Goods sent to reimburse the Inhabitants for what they supplied the above-mentioned Detachment with at Menis, and Losses sustained by them, and for Services done by Captain How, Major Phillips, and Mr.

Sheriff - -

To sundry Charges for Exprefies by Land, and Express Boats to and from the several Governments ——

To Mr. Ezekiel Goldthwait, for copying Letters, Mutter-Rolls, Vouchers, £sV. relating to the intended Expedition, Attendances, and Travel, from November

1746, to 1749 " -

To the Portlage Bill and Provisions of the Brigantine Boston Packet sent with his Majesty's Ship Mermaid to Bay Verte, and on other Occasions for his Majesty's

Service - -- --....

To the Hire of the Schooner Two Friends, Sylvanus Cobb, Matter, sent into the Bay of Fundi to reconnoitre the French Fleet under the Command of Dac

cTAuville, in ChebuElo Harbour, and to proceed to and Annapolis

with what Intelligence he should gain -

To the Charge of Six Companies of 7® Men each of the above-mentioned z Regiments retained for the Service of Nova Scotia, from the time of their being so retained, on the 31st October 1747, to the 24th February 1748 To a Bounty of 3 tjh.paid to 348 Men of the said Six Companies - 1

To Subsistence paid to the several Officers of the said Six Companies before their Embarkation to Annapolis Royal, deducted from their Pay To Cloathing for the said Six Companies -

To Bedding, Blankets, Rugs, and Sheets, for said Six Companies -To Arms and Accoutrements for said Six Companies -

To Provisions supplied the said Six Companies, an Abatement being made of 4 d.per Day out of the Subsistence of each Non-commission Officer and

private Man toward that Expence -

To a Dotftor and Medicioces for said Six Companies -To Stores and Barrack Utensils for the said Six Companies, and sundry small Expences thereon -

To the Charge of transporting the said Six Companies to and from Annapolis Royal ——

To printing Inlistments, and transtating French. Papers -To the Pay of the Officers and Men of the MaJJnckuJets Frigate, which was sent to Annapolis Royal, and for the Charge of fitting her for Sea - -

To the Hire of Pilots sent to Virginia to pilot the Dover Mail of War and the Transports that brought the Troop6 from Gibraltar to Louijbourg To Mr. IVinflow, for his Sloop Ordnance Packet, hired in pursuance of his Majesty's Orders, and employed in transporting Part of the afore-mentioned Six Companies to Annapolis Royal, with Part of their Stores and Provisions, and attending the Orders of Lieutenant-Governor and guarding

the Colliery at Louijbourg - -

To the Hire of Two Schooners, Anjon and Warren, after the Discharge of the above-mentioned Sloop, in pursuance of his Majesty's Orders -To Mr. Wheelwright, for the Hire of Two Sloops lent t and One to

Louijbourg, with Men and Stores belonging to the Two Garrisons, in' the room of Two Transport Ships discharged at Bofion -

To cloathing Captain Gorham' % First Company of Rangers in the Year 1746 -

Vol. 25.

Total -

Remains due

£- ' d.

1.6,241 14 61

4.031 *9 4

4*54 *7 '

6,046 2

*4 5 5 9

*3e7 '9 34

478 17 6

197 17

i97 *5 5

i35 6 2

4*7*3 <9 1

522 —

556 — IO

1,463 8 —;

300 — —

32 4 6

1,608 19 94

40 19 ii?

44 *9 9 Ji

264 7 *4

6 1 34

907 1 8

181 — "

661 10 __

*,i43 ~ —

334 *8 7

116 13 4

87*434 *8 7

34,689 6 —

s. d.

S*>74$

iz 7 New

i°44

i 2° Ma

A. 1749.

New Hampshire. £ s‘

To the Charge of One Regiment of Foot, raised within this Province for the Service of the intended Expedition, confiding of .9 Companies of 100 Men each, from the Day of each Officer's entering into the Service, or private Soldier's Inlistment, commencing in June 1746, to the Day of the said Regiment's being discharged, on the 3ift of Q&ober 1747 - 1 5

To Powder, Stores of War, Small Arms, and Cartridge Boxes, for the said

Regiment - -- -- - 1,096

To Cloathing for the said Regiment ----- 2,645

To the Charge of Expresses to and from the several Governments concerned in

the Expedition - - - - 4

To Wages to a Pilot, and Charges of carrying him to Admiral Warren - 27

To the Commissary's Wages - - - 66

To fundrv Expences in transporting a Detachment of the above Regiment to

Nova Scotia, for the Succour thereof, and providing Necessaries for them - 7^6

To Provisions supplied the said Detachment - 2,746

d.

10

4

6

*3

10

17

— I

8

4

64

6

Total - 23,25° ®

To an Account of Stores and Provisions sold by Order of the General Assembly of the said Province, for which they have given the Crown Credit in their Account - -- -- - 1,803 17

Remains due -

Rhode island.

To the Charge of Three Companies, confiding of 100 Men each, raised in this

Colony for the intended Expedition agai nd Canada, from the Day of each

Officer's entering into the Service, or private Soldiers Inlidments, commencing in June 1746, to the Day of the Discharge of the said Three Companies, on the 3id of October 1747 ----- - 4,081

To Cloathing for the said Three Companies - 974

To Arms and Ammunition for the said Three Companies ... 340

To Provisions for the said Three Companies, when they embarked for Nova

Scotia ----- --- - 684

To the Hire of Transports taken up to carry the said Detachment to Nova

and for sundry Disbursements thereon ----- 1,339

To the Wages of a Doctor for the said Three Companies - - - 86

9 3

2 8

14 5*

6 — J

18 7

13 4

Total paid

7,507 4 3i

New York.

To the Pay of 29 Companies of 100 Men each, raised and assembled within the Province of New York, from the Day of each Officer's entering into the Service, or private Soldier's Inlidment, commencing in June 1746, to the Day of the Discharge of the said Companies, on the 24th of November 1747 To the Pay of his Excellency the Honourable George , as Colonel of the

Troops raised within the Province of New York, from the id of June 1746, to the 24 of November ——

To the Pay of a Baggage-mader to the Forces raised and assembled within this Province, from the 25th of Aug 1746, to the 24th of November 1747 -

To the Pay of a Store-keeper of all the warlike Stores and Provisions supplied to the said Forces, from the 30th of June 1746, to the 24th November 1747 To the Pay of the Colonel of the Five Companies raised in the Province of New Jersey, Two Lieutenant-Colonels and Two Majors of the Two Battalions which were formed of the Troops raised in the Province of New York To Arms and Accoutrements and Cloathing for the Companies raised within the Province of New York - -To Provisions supplied the Four Independent Companies, the Four Penjilvania Companies, and Five New Jersey Companies - -

To a Charge for additional Cloathing of Blankets and warm Waidcoats for the Four Independent Companies ——

To military Stores, Camp and Barrack Utensils and Necessaries To a Charge for Batteaux to transport the Troops over Rivers and across Lakes To a Charge for transporting Provisions, Baggage, and warlike Stores -To sundry Necessaries supplied the said Troops, Expresses, and other contingent Expences - -

To the Pay of Two Captains, Six Lieutenants, Two Serjeants, and 31 private Men, of the Indian Companies raised by Mr. Clinton, from the Day of each Officer's and Man's entering into the Service, commencing in August 1746, to the Day of their Dischargeon the 24th 1747 -

To the Pay of Colonel Johnson, as Colonel of the said Indian Companies, and for other Services performed amongd them, from the 8th 1746, to the

id November 1748 '

To an Allowance to the Honourable George Clinton, for the Expence of his Table during his Residence at Albany, when the Troops were rendezvoused, and for other Services ——

49,089 6 7*

359 7 9*

CO O 6

97 3 9i

91* 5 — k

9,509 1* 7 i

4,32* 5 3

3*° 6 6i

2,c6S 13 1

i>712 6 4i

2,035 17 1

1,484 3 2*

1,681 3 10

927 12 2}

600 —

c

s. d.

21,446 10 lOjf

2 3 Geo. II. 12° Martii.

£ d.

To an Allowance to Mr. Catkerwood, as Secretary to the said Forces, and for

other Services amongd the Indians - 35110 —

To an Allowance for Hire of Warehouses for the Stores and Provisions lodged at

Albany ----- ----- -- iiO-----

To the Payment of Clerks, for Services done relative to the said Expedition - 100-

To an Allowance for Stationary Ware ----- - 80 — . —

To Presents, and fuhdry other Disbursements, to the Six Nations of Indians and their Allies, when they engaged, in the Year 1746, to join their whole Strength on the intended Expedition against Caand for Sundries supplied them afterwards ----- ----- 5,783 8 64

To sundry Provisions, and other Necessaries, supplied the said Six Nations and

their Sachems, during the Treaty in 1746 ----- - 284 8 4J

To a further Account of Payments made to the Principals and others of the said Six Nations, by way of Presents, and for other Contingencies, to preserve them dedfad in their Engagements, and for fitting out some of their Warriors to annoy the Enemy - -- 176 14 io|

to sundry other Expences among the Six Nations of in order to

preserve them steady in their Fidelity to his Majesty, and to encourage them to annoy the "Enemy, after the intended Expedition against Canada was laid Ode *>975 9

84,098 8 6£

whereof hath been paid 56,150 1 3

Remains due -

New Jersey.

To Arms and Accoutrements for Five Companies of too Men each, raised within this Province for the Service of the intended Expedition against Canada, the

Pay of which said Companies is charged in the New York Account - 654 16 9

To Cloathing for the said Five Companies ----- 1,624 16 7!

To sundry military Stores ----- ----- 19 19 44

Total - 2,299 12 To sundry Remnants of Cloth, Linen, and Necessaries, which remain in the Hands of the Commissioners, and for which the Colony has given Credit to the Crown -..... 67 14 5!

'Remains due -

Maryland.

To Cloathing for Three Companies of One hundred Men each, raised' in this Province for the Service of the intended Expedition, the Pay of which said Companies are charged in the Nezv York Account - 964 4 114.

To a Charge for Tents, Hatchets, Boats, and other Camp Necessaries, supplied

the said Companies when at Albany ----- -- 448 6 74

Total paid - 1,452 11 7

Penjilvania.

To Arms and Cloathingfor Four Companies of 100 Men each, raised within this Province for the Service of the intended Expedition, the Pay of which said Four Companies are charged in the New York Account - - Total paid 2,248 2 11

Virginia.

To the Charge of One Company confiding of 100 Men, raised within this Colony for the Service of the intended Expedition, from the Day of each Officer's entering into the Service, or private Soldier's Inliflment, commencing in June 1746, to the Day of the Discharge of the said Company, on the 24th of November 1747 - - - - 1,812 13 44

whereof hath been paid 1,130 1 10

Remains due -

ConneBieut.

To the Charge of One Regiment of Foot confiding of 10 Companies of 100 Men each, raised in this Colony for the intended Expedition, from the Day of each Officer's entering into the Service, or private Soldier's Inlidment, commencing in June 1746, to 3 id of Oftokerfollowing - - - 5,291 15 3

To Cloathing, Arms, Ammunition, and Stores, for the said Regiment - 5,045 19 10*

To the Wages ofa Pilot, hired by the said Colony to pilot the Transports provided for transporting the Troops to Quebeck - - - 259 17 6

Remains due - - -

N. B. The Regiment raised in the Colony of ComeBicut, for the Service of the intended Expedition again Qt Canada, having been permitted to retire to their respective Homes on a general Furlough on the jjlft of Oflo£er 1746, in consequence of a Resolution of the Assembly of the said Colony, the Pay of the said Regiment is charged m

Vol. 25. 12 K

*045

I. d.

27.94* 7 3f

2,231 18 44

682 11 6f

10,597 12 7*

the

Importing Iron from America.

Ditto.

Ditto.

1046

12° Martii. A. 1749.

the above Account to that Day only; a Demand is however made for Pay to the said Regiment until the 31st of October 1747, the Day whereon the Troops raised in the several Colonies for that Service were directed to bedifmifled (which, for the said last Twelve Months, amounts to £.12,988 6j. 2id.) alleging, that the said Regiment did remain subject to the Terms of their Inlistment, and ready to be called forth into the Service when required, until the said 31st of 1747: This appearing to be

the Cafe, it is proposed to allow them the Half of the said Pay for the said last Twelve Months, which will amount to ——

6,594 3

War-Office,

March 12, 1749.

H. Fox.

Total remaining due

122,246 16" 4

Ordered That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Landholders in the County of Stafford, and Persons concerned in the Iron Trade there, was presented to the House, and read alleging. That the Petitioners, having very great Revenues arising out of their Wood-lands and Iron-works, are apprehensive, that should the Bill now depending, for' encouraging the Importation of Iron from , pass

into a Law, the Petitioners will be greatly prejudiced in' both; and the vast Number of People employed and supported by the Petitioners, and others, will, with their Families, be reduced to'Want, and become burthensome to the Petitioners, whole Ability to relieve them will be much lessened, when their Iron-works and Wood-lands are by this means rendered useless and of no Value: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing intoaLaw.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be Jheard, by their Cotmfel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Owners and Proprietors of Wood-lands and Coppices, in the County of -cester, was also presented to the House, and read; alleging, That should the said Bill pals into a Law, the Petitioners, and many other Persons in the said Country, would be greatly prejudiced thereby, inasmuch as the Estates of the Petitioners in Coppices, and other Woods, which are now very considerable in the said Country, would be so greatly reduced in Value, as scarcely to be sufficient to pay the Land Tax, and other Duties and Payments imposed thereon: And therefore praying th* House to take the Premises into Consideration, and permit the Petitioners to be heard, against the said Bill, by their Counsel.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that these Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Coimfel, before the said Committee, upon, their said Petition.

A Petition of the Merchants, and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are fully persuaded, that the Permitting of all his Majesty's Subjects to import into Great Britain Pig and Bar Iron Duty-free from the American Plantations will be attended with many valuable Consequences to the Nation in general, will tend to free us from the Necessity we are now under of being supptied with this Article from those foreign Powers who have the Balance of Trade at pjefent much in their favour, and against us; will greatly serve our Navigation, especially in One important Branch of it; will encourage and promote the Welfare and Prosperity of our Colonies abroad, and may be made highly beneficial to the various Iron Manufactures carried on in the different

Parts of this Kingdom, and in time furnish us (probably on better Terms) with those large Quantities of Bar Iron which are necessary for that valuable Branch of foreign Commerce which we now prosecute to the African Coalt:

And therefore praying, That the said Bill may pals into a Law.

A Petition of the Merchants, Manufacturers of Icon, Importing and Ironmongers, of Great Britain, in behalf of them- Iron from selves, and many others, was also presented to the House, America, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are of Opinion the said Bill will be greatly for the Advantage and Benefit of this Kingdom; as it may, in a Course of Years, be the only Means of rendering Great Britain independent of the Northern Crowns for Supplies of that Commodity, from whence are annually imported about Twenty thousand Tons, the greatest Part of which is paid for in ready Money; particularly to Sweden, from which Kingdom is imported into Great Britain and Ireland more Bat Iron than is taken from them by all besides; and

that the American Bar Iron is good, and applicable to all the Uses of Swedish Iron, as has been heretofore sufficiently made appear; and that the Petitioners, therefore, are of Opinion, that all proper Encouragement should be given for the Making of Bar Iron in America, as it will be the only Method whereby Great Britain may be relieved, and prevent its being distressed for that moll useful Commodity in case of any Rupture between the Northern Powers; and that the Petitioners likewise apprehend, that an Encouragement for the Importation of Bar Iron from America will be the only Means to prevent their manufacturing the re; the Want of which, the Petitioners are of Opinion, has been the chief Occasion of their first entering into it: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America; and to prevent the Making of Steel, or setting up Slitting or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies; and to lay such further Restraints on their Manufacturing as to the House shall seem reasonable; may pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrafted Bill for securing the lole Property, pownoir« Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by israel Baliaft Pownoll, deceased, for railing Baliaft, Sullage, and Sand, and for removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in River* and Harbours, to the Children of the said israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Titlfe be, An Act for securing the sole Property, Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by israel Pownoll, deceased, for railing Baliaft, Sullage, and Sand, and for removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years.

Ordered, That Mr. tWlkinson do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and d^fire their Concurrence.

A Petition

s

23 Geo. II. 12*

1047

.Importing A Petition of divers Persons, PoflelTors of Wood-lands Iron from ancj Iron-works, and others, concerned in the Iron Ma* ^JTVf,c‘* nufacture in the County of was presented to the

House, and read; alleging, That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for encouraging the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from AmericaIhould pals into a- Law, the Petitioners, and many others concerned in Iron-works, and possessed of Wood-lands, will be greatly injured and affected: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that these Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition.

Supply. Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were re. d; and are as followeth j viz.

Resolved\That it appears to this Committee, That jhcre was due from the Office of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, at Michaelmas 1749, the Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred and Ninety PoundsTwelve Shillings and F.leven Pence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred and Ninety Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make Satisfaction for the said Debt.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an annual Sum,'not exceeding Twelve hundred Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, to be applied in Augmentation of the Revenue belonging the Office of the Master and Keeper of t lie Rolls in Chancery.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen hundred Pounds per Annum, be granted to his Majesty, in order to prevent the future Deficiency of the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery.

The First Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Five hundred and Nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, to make Satisfaction for the said Debt;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^C"'°^; . } > 74-

Te,*ers for the Noes.j" j ?a

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read sC Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Resolution be re-committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made to th# l&id Resolution, by leaving out the Word Eighteen," and inserting the Word " Twelve" instead thereof:

And the Question being put. That the Word Eighteen" stand Part of the said Refolytion;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Yot. 95.

A Bill for extending and improving the Tfade to was, according to Order, read a Second time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon next* at

Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of Briti/k Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Ordered, That the Lift of the publick Officers, and Persons to whom any Salaries and Allowances are payable out of the Hanaper-Office, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the yearly Revenue of the Hanaper, and of the yearly Payments and Allowances thereout, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the State of the Debt upon the Hanaper Office, to Michaelmas 1749, and to whom due, be referred to the said Committee.

OrderedfTh&t the Copy of the Letters Patent of the Seal or Green Wax Office be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Produce of the Seal or Green Wax Office, for Forty Years, viz. from the 13th February 1708, to the 14th February 1748, with the several Rents payable out of the fame, and the annual Charge of executing thereof, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the annual Produce of the Office called the Six-peny Writ Office in Chancery, for Ten Years last pall, distinguishing each Year, and the yearly Payments thereout, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the net Produce of the Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, and paid into the Bank of England, from the Commencement in 1726, to the Determination thereof, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Cash remaining in the Bank of England in the Name of the Accomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, and placed to the Credit of the Fund granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the said Court, after Satisfaction of the Demands of the Offices of the deficient Matters, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surpluses dated at Lady-day 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Surplusses Hated at Michaelmas 1749, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr.

x

Africa*

Trade.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture.

Way* and Means.

1048

i2° — 13*

A.

1749,

Importing Iron from America,

1 Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refdved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for tailing the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Supply. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning tiext, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Martis, 13* Martii;

Anno 43* Georgii II111 Regis, 1749.

Pka ters.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of , was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That if the Bill now depending, for the Importation of Pig Iron and Bar Iron from America into this Kingdom Duty-free should pals into a Law, it must in some few Years intirely destroy the Furnaces and Forges in the said County; and that the Proprietors of the Wood-lands, and Landholders, must be greatly injured: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may, by their Counsel, be heard against the said Bill; and that the House will take the.Premises into Consideration, and grant the Petitioners such Relief as the House (Hall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the lkid Committee, upon their said Petition.

Ditto. A Petition of the several Tanners, and others, concerned in the leather Trade, in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read } alleging. That, if the li.id Bill should pals into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive they shall be greatly affected in their Trades by the Consequences of it; for that the Petitioners are informed by the Iron-masters, and have the greatest Reason to fear, that, by such an Act, so great a Stop would lie put to the Making of Iron in this Kingdom, as will necessarily occasion the Destruction of the Wood-lands, which in that Cafe, must be grubbed up, and concerted into Tillage or Pasture; whereby the Tanning Trade, from whence so great a Revenue to the Crown arises, would be vastly hurt, the same being now almost wholly carried on by the Bark of Copipice Woods annually cut down for the Supply of the Iron-works *, and the Petitioners, with a great Number of other Persons concerned in the Leather Trade, must thereby be considerable Sufferers: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the-Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that these Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition.

Fee, in Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen TryaU at who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Nisi pnu,. pursuant to such of the Resolutions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or continued j as, upon Thurs 8th- Day of this instant March, were agreed to by the House, That they do, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, make Provision

for regulating the Fees in Tryals at Assizes and

upon Records issuing out of the Court of Pleas of his Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

A Bill for making more effectual several Acts of Par- C«Ichefi<* liament of King William the Third, of the Fifth of King Cjian'I Na. George the First, and of the Thirteenth of his present v,£*d»n, &«. Majesty, for cleansing, repairing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colche to tVivenhoe, in the County of EJj'ex; and for repairing the Lock, and cleansing the said Chanel; anti for repairing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Talbot, Mr. Berkeley, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Thomas Hales, Sir Francis Dashwood, Mr. , Sir Francis

Poole, Lord Deerhurst, Mr. Bcfcawen, Mr. Fairfax, Mr.

Boone, Mr. Rigby, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Churchill, Mr. tun, Mr. Wilson, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Compton, Lord Gage,

Sir IVm. Middleton, Mr. Wilies, Mr. Northey, Mr.

phin, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr. Charles Mr. BijJ'e

Richards, Mr. Kent, Mr. Chetwynd senior, Mr. Cheluynd junior, Mr. Alfton, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Co/ebrooke, Mr. lipfon, Mr. Lev. Goiver, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Hor. Walpole junior, Mr. Gray, Mr. Hay, Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Finch, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr.

Robinfun, Mr. Pytts, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Fazakeriey,

Mr. Cholmondeley, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Montagu, Colonel

Bofcazven, Doctor Lee, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr.

Colonel Selwyn, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Carmichaeland all the Members who serve for the County of: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Dntie, on for repealing the Duties now payable upon China raw Silk, Silk* and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Bramptom for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and con- Sridg* tinued by Two Acts of Parliament, lor amending the Ko*dt Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to IVtlford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Poll Road from Morter-pit Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into Market

Harborough, in the County of Leiceft; and for explain-

ing and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Morter-pit Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton; without hny Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued 08 k' by Two former Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Road from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancafttr-, and for making the said Acts more effectual; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for WvIJck'i naturalizing Jacob Van Wylick: To which the Lords Nat. desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Mclfengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Tannets of Leather in and about the rnportinf Town of Doncaster, in the County of York, whose Names Iron from arethereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and Amend,

read; setting forth. That many Furnaces and Forges for the Making of Iron from the Ore into Pig, and from thence jrito Bar, for supplying and accommodating the Iron Manufacture carried on in and about Sheffield, Rot her ham. And Barttejly, are erected and employed; and, for constantly 'providing the said Iron-works with Charcoal, many Spring Woods are preserved and continued within the Neighbciur-hood thereof; and that, for the Convenience of a Supply of Gak Batik from the Falls of such Woods, without which tanned Leather cannot bo made, the Petitioners have settled themselves in and about the said Town* and

of'

23 Geo. II.

3° Mart

bfla(e Years have greatly improved arid enlarged their laid Business and Trade, to the Advantage of the Kingdom, and the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue: And alleging, That should the Bill, now depending in the House, for taking off the Duty on Pig and Bar Iron im-jported from the American Plantations into this Kingdom, pass into a Law, the Petitioners are apprehensive that it Would give such an Encouragement to the Making of Bar Iron in those Countries, Fo plentifully and cheaply supplied with Wood and Fuel for that Purpose, and to the Importing of it into this Kingdom, that Iron could not be afforded upon equal Terms with the Yican Iron; and, if so, that the Forges and Furnaces now emplqyed would be in a great measure neglected and discontinued; many Spring Woods now preserved for the Supply of such Forges and Furnaces with Charcoal, would be cleared and (tubbed up; and the Petitioners would be deprived of a Supply of Bark necessary for the Making of Leather, to the Overthrow of that useful and valuable Trade, and the Ruin of the Petitioners; and that should the said Bill be confined to the taking off the Duty on and a Duty yet remain upon Bar Iron from the Plantations, the Petitioners cannot be apprehensive of any such Consequences as are to be feared from the pre-(ent Intent of the Bill, because the Petitioners conceive, that, though the Number of Furnaces for melting down Iron Ore should be lessened, a proportionable Number of Forges would be erected for the Making of Pig into Bar, as would still require all the Charcoal this Country could supply: And therefore praying, That (b much of the said Bill, as relates to the free Importation of American Iron in Bar, may not pass into a Law; or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as the Nature of their same requires, and the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole Hoyfe, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Importing A Petition of several Freeholders and Inhabitants in the

Iron from County of York, was presented to the House, and read;

America, alleging. That the.Petitioners are apprehensive, that the said Bill will be greatly detrimental to their Property in many respects: And therefore praying, That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Confederation of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that these Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

Sgre:

Ro

mont A Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading oadi. from Egremonl to Dudden Stanton , and

Salt-house, in the County of Cumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John nington, Mr. Alderman Mr. Mr.

Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Berkeley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Colleton, Sir John Sir

Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Lyjler, Mr. Mr. Compton,

Mr. Selwyn, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. lren-chard, Mr. Bayntun, Mr. Fazakerlty, Mr. Gray, Lord Gage, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Peter Sir Conyers D' Arcy,

Mr. Willes, Lord Strange, Lord Mr.

Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir Robert Long, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Cholmondley; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Cumberland, Lancashire,

and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Gloucester Mr. Selwyn reported from the Committee, to whom Street*, See, the Bill for taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City of Gloucester, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which Vol. $15.

1049

they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Skepheard'S impower the Executors and Trufrees of Samuel Shepheard Estate*

Efauire, deceased, to (ell his Houses at in Suffolk,

and in Cavendish Square, and the Plate and Furniture thereto belonging; and to apply the Money produced by such Sale as the Court of Chancery shall direct or appoint: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Southwark Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the Street*, *c. nightly Watch, within the Parish of John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hardinge,

Sir Peter Thompson, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Gybbon, Mr.

let on, Mr. Salusbury, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Lyjler, Mr.

Nugent, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fane, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Prowse, Mr. Powney, Mr. Turner, Mr. Bayntun, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Sir John Cust, Mr. West, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Hay, Mr. Burrell, Sir Charles Mor daunt, Mr. Compton, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Robert Grosvernor, Mr. Kent, Mr. Charles Townshend, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Finch,

Mr. Amyand, Mr. Gore, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Bold,

Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Hor. Walpole junior, Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Martin, Mr. Hampden, Mr. Thornhagh,

Mr. Gray, Sir Francis Dafbivood, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Neale, Mr. Laroche, Sir John Peachey,

Mr. Northey; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Surrey and Kent, and for the City of London:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Jhtituled, An Act Wyjick'* for naturalizing Jacob Van Wylick, was read the First at‘

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for assigning a Place proper for holding the Market in the City of Westm in lieu of the ancient Market-place called The Round; and for regulating the said Market; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be.

An Act for assigning a Place proper for holding the Market in the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient Market-place called The Round Woolstaple -, and for regulating the said Market.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Warren do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred ond Mean*' to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply'granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

12 L Resolved,

1050 i3* Martii. A- 1749-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Sum of One million be raised by Annuities, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be charged on the Sinking Fund until redeemed by Parliament, and to be transferrable at the Bank of England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, in order to make Satisfaction for the Debt of Ten thousand Five hundred and Ninety Pounds Twelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, due from the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, at Michaelmas v 1749, so much of the Surplus Calli remaining in the Bank

of England in the Name of the Accomptant-General of the Court of Chancery, and placed to the Credit of the Fund for the Relief of the Suitors of the said Court, after Satisfaction of the Demands upon the Offices of the deficient Mailers (which is subject to the Disposition of Parliament) be paid and applied, as will be sufficient to satisfy and discharge the said Debt upon the said Hanaper-Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several additional Stamp Duties granted by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Suitors of the High Court of Chancery, and which were afterwards continued by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing, for the Purposes therein mentioned, the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, laid by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, be revived, and granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in order to prevent any future Deficiency of the Revenue of the Office of the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper in Chancery, and to make good the annual Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, granted in Augmentation of the Revenue belonging to the Office of Mailer of the Rolls, there be paid and applied, out of the Monies arising from the said revived Duties, to the Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper for the Time being, or his Deputy, a yearly Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds, by equal half-yearly Payments, to be accounted for in the annual Account to be palfed by the said Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper, before the Auditor of the said Revenue.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Three thousand One hundred and Seven Pounds Nine Shillings, being the Remainder of the said Surplus Calli in the Bank, after deducting the said Sum of Ten thousand Five hundred and Ninety PoundsTwelve Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to his Majesty, in order to be applied in Aid of the said Duties, to make good the said anpual Sum of Three thousand Pounds, granted to his Majesty out of the said Duties.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lyttleton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Sollicitor-General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. West, and Mr. Fa-zakerley, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

African A Petition of the Royal African Company of England, Company. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, under and in Confidence of enjoying the full Benefit of an exclusive Charter granted them in the Year 1672, for One thousand Years, purchased the Property of the then subsisting African Company for the Sum of Thirty-four thousand Pounds, and soon after a Fort <?f the Danes for the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred and Ninety-seven Pounds Four Shillings and Eleven Pence, and built many others; and, in the First Twenty-five Years after such Charter, laid out in their Forts and Castles, and in repairing and rebuilding the important Fort in the River Gambia (when taken and plundered by the

French, as the same frequently hath been) very great Sums of Money, to the Amount of many Hundred thousand Pounds; and that from the Year 171a to 1730, whilst the Trade continued free and open, the said Company maintained, their Forts and Castles out of their own Ca-

[>ital, without any manner of Allowance from the Pub-r ick, which, at the low Computation of Ten thousand Pounds a year, amounts to the Sum of One hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds; but that it can be made appeal that they expended a much greater Sum therein; and that by a Resolution of this House, the last Session of Parliament, the Petitioners are to have a reasonable Compenla-tion for their Property, before they shall be divested of the lame; and that the Petitioners, relying that they have fully proved their Right to the several Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa, do not Offer to give the House any further Trouble in that respect; but, being willing to facilitate whatever Measures the House shall think bell for the Extending and Improving of the Trade to Africa, do offer the Surrender of their Charter, Forts, and Castles, and military Stores, Canoe-men, Castle Slaves, and all other their Property on the Coast of Africa (their Goods? and Merchandize only excepted) upon the Foot of the following Proposal; viz.That, in Confederation of such Surrender, the House will be pleased to grant unto the Company the Sum of One hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds, or an Annuity for the same at the Rate of Three per Cent, per Annum, redeemable by Parliament, and to commence from the 31st March 1750; and subject, in the First place, to the Payment of the Company's just Debts, within aTime to be limited, and in l'uch manner as the House shall dire<5l; and that the Proprietors of the Stock be intitled to the Surplus of the said One hundred and Eighty-thousand Pounds, or Annuity attending the fame, in proportion to their several and respective Shares and Interests in the said Stock; and that, in case of any Disputes between the Company and their Creditors, the final Determination thereof, in a summary Way, be referred to the Barons of the Exchequer, or such Persons as the House shall think fit to appoint: And therefore praying, That a Provision may be made for the satisfying of the Petitioners for their said Property; or that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven of the Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Persons whose Names are thereunto creditor* of subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of African England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Company. bona fide Creditors of the said Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Bill, depending in the House, for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, it is apprehended the Forts and Possessions of the said Royal4/rfr«Company are intended to be veiled in a new Company; and that the Petitioners (conceiving themselves to be principally interested in those Possessions, as equitable Mortgagees thereof) are ready and delirous to surrender up their Right and Interest to the Publick, and to do every other Act in their Power which may be thought necessary for effectuating the national Views of the said Bill; being well satisfied (in respect to their own Demands) to rely upon the Goodness the House hath expressed in their Resolution of the 30th of May last; and, as the said Resolution was grounded upon an Offer made by the said Company to the House, to surrender up their Possessions for an Equivalent, expressing the Hope of the Petitioners, that their bona fide Creditors shall not suffer through any Change in the said Company'sOpinion, but shall be deemed intitled to a Satisfaction, in the First place, out of whatsoever Compensation the House shall think proper to give for their said Security. And therefore praying, That the said Bill may-pass into a Law, with such Directions for inquiring into and fe ttling the Nature as well as Amount of the said Company's Debts, as

shall

23 Geo. II. 130 — -14 ? Martii. 1051

shall be most satisfactory to the House, and with furh Provisions for satisfying the real and bona Creditors as in Justice and Equity they shall be thought todeferve.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the said Petition of the Royal African Company of England.

Importation a Petition of the Matter and Wardens, and the rest

° America."1 Company of Tanners, in Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, should the Bill, now depending, to take off the Duty on Pig and Bar Iron imported from America, pals into a Law, it would give such Encouragement to the Making of Pig and Bar Iron in the Colonies, which are supplied with Wood and Fuel plentifully, and at a cheap Rate, and to the Importing of it into this Kingdom, that Iron could not

be afforded upon equal Terms with the American, and consequently the Forges and Furnaces employed here mutt be neglected and discontinued; and that the Destruction of the Iron-works will be the inevitable Ruin of the Coppices and Underwoods, now preserved to furnish the same with Charcoal; which mutt be cleared and grubbed up, in order to make some small Profit of the Soil, whereby the Petitioners, and many others, will be deprived of a proper Supply of Bark for manufacturing their Leather, to the utter Destrufition of the Leather Trade, which brings a large Revenue to the Crown, and to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ditto. The House resolved itself into a Committee of the

whole House, upon the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America-, and to prevent the Making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurii,140 Martii;

Anno 2 30 Georgii Ildl Regis, 1749. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. IVaple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh Earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth Countess of Northumberland and Baronels Percy his Wife, and their Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Name of Percy, and bear and quarter the Arms of the

Percys Earls of Northumberland: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Vol. 25.

Sale of the Estates deviled by the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money arising thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Royal Afent Henry Bellenden, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: *° Mk.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House had attended his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt,-Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty:

An Act for repealing the Duties now payable upon China raw Silk, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof:

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army, and their Quarters:

An Act to render Prosecutions for Perjury, and Subornation of Perjury, more easy and effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing and amending the Roads leading from the Town of Mancliefter, in the County of Lancaster, through the Town of Ashtmi under Lyne, and Parish of Mottram Longdendale, and from thence to Sailer's Brooke, in the County Palatine of Chester:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two Acts of Parliament, for amending the Highways leading from Brampton Bridge to Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, and the great Poll Road from Morter-pit Hill to Chain Bridge, leading into,

Market Harborough, in the County of Leicester; and for explaining and making more effectual the said Acts; and also for repairing the Roads leading from Morter-pit Hill and Brampton Bridge to the Town of Northampton:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted and continued by Two former Acts of Parliament, for repairing, widening, and amending, the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster j and for making the said Acts more effectual:

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Fulham, in the County of through

Fulham Fields, to the great Road near the Pound at Hammersmith, in the said County:

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Loyne, otherwise called Lune; and for building a Quay, or Wharf, near the Town of La, in the County Palatine of Lancaster:

An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth; and for depth-ening, and making more navigable, the several Rivers emptying themselves into the said Haven; and also for preserving Ships wintering therein from Accidents by Fire:

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Leases and Estates, therein mentioned, of and in the Manors of Spalding and Holbech, and of several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to the same belonging, in the County of , which were forfeited by James late Duke of , put in Exigent upon an Indictment of High Treason, to the Intent that the Lois of the Record of such Indictment, and of the Capias and Exigent thereon, may be supplied, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to impower the Committees of Thomas Earl of Bradford, a Lunatick, to lay out Part of hispersonal

Estate

Prosecutions for Perjury.

Earl and Countess of Northumberland's Name.

Hylton's

Estate.

1052

140 Martii. A. 1749.

Estate in the Purchase of Lands and Estates of Inheritance, for the Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance of the Manor of Garftang, in the County of , and of a Messuage, or Tenement, in Newbigginge, in Lonsdale, in the County of JVftmoreland, to Trustees, in Trull, for the Honourable Edward Walpole Esquire, and his Heirs, upon a full and valuable Consideration to ' be paid for the same:

An Act to enable Roger Morllock, Doctor in Divinity, now called Roger Pettiwardand the Heirs of his Body, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Pettiward:

An Act for enabling Btckford Kendall Esquire, now called Beckford Kendall Cater, and his Issue Male, to take and use the Surname and Arms of Cater:

An Act for naturalizing John Peter,

Chabanel\William de Druft and others: An Act for naturalizing Isaac , Doctor in

Physick:

An Act for naturalizing Englebert Hake.

Haddingtoua Sir Hugh Dalrymple reported from the Committee, to Roads, whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from

glas Bridge to the Town of , and from thence

to Ravenfhaughburn, in the County of , was

committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto j which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Bari and An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

N°rtl>te<* kL. *° enable Hugh Earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth land's>Name. Countess of Northumberland and Baroness Percy his Wife, and their Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Name of Percy, and bear and quarter the Arms of the Percys Eafls of Northumberland, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates devised by the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money arising thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America; and to prevent the Making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there;

Ordered \That the Copies of the several Reports made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty's Yards, of the Trials of Iron imported from the Plantations (which were presented to the House upon the 10th Day of March 1736) be referred to the said Committee.

Ord&ed, That the Copy of a Report made to the Commissioners of the Navy, by the Officers of his Majesty's Yard at Deptford, of the Trial of Two Bars of Iron received by John Tomlinson, which he said he received from New England, dated the 7th of September 173$ (which was presented to the House upon the 15th Day of March 1736) be referred to the said Committee.

23

Hylton's

Estate.

Importing Iron from America.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England, from 1735, to Christmas

1736, from foreign Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, distinguishing each Country (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the Plantations, distinguishing each Species, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, from Christmas 1735, to Christmas 1736, distinguishing

each Plantation (which was presented to the House upon the 16th Day of February 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England, from Christmas 1710, to

1718, from foreign Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, distinguishing each Country and each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 23th Day of March 1737) be' referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported into England, from Christmas 1728, to Christmas 1735, from foreign Countries, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, distinguishing each Country and each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantities of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the Plantations, distinguishing each Species, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, from Christmas 1710, to Christmas 1718, distinguishing each Plantation and each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron in Bars, Pigs, or Sows, imported into England from the Plantations, distinguishing each Species, with the Duties payable thereon, and how much the same amounted to, from Christmas 1728, to Christmas 1735, distinguishing each Plantation and each Year (which was presented to the House upon the 25th Day of March 1737) be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Steel imported into England, from Christmas 1718, to Christmas 1735, the Duty payable thereon, and what the Duties have amounted to, distinguishing each Year, and each Country from whence imported (which was presented to the House upon the 29th Day of March 1737, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Imports and Exports from and to Sweden, for Ten Years last past, distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Goods, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Exports and Imports to and from Sweden, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Ten Years last past, ending at Michaelmas 1749, distinguishing each Year, and each Species of Goods, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of Iron imported for Ten Years last past, from the British Colonies in America, distinguishing each Year, and the Quantity imported from each Colony, and distinguishing how much in Pig and how much in Bar, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved\

J

23 Geo. II.

140 — 150

Importing Iron trom America.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning and Vessels belonging to the Town of Low eft oft, in the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole County of Suffolk;

House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 15* die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii II*1 Regis, 1749.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Justices of Peace, Gentlemen,

Clergy, Freeholders, Possessors of Iron Mines, Owners of Wood-lands, Furnaces, Forges, and other Iron-works,

and T anners, in the Counties of Westmorland and Lane af-

ter, and more particularly of that Part of the County of

Westmorland called The Burgh of Kirk by, in Kendal, the Barony of Kendal, and of that Part of Lancaster called Low

Furnace, Cartmell Fells, and Furnace Fells, was presented

to the House, and read; alleging. That if the Bill, now depending in the House, for the Allowance of Fig and

Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in America, Dutyfree, should pass into a Law, it would greatly affect, if not

totally ruin, all the Furnaces in those Parts of the Kingdom; and that the Furnaces and Forges in those Parts are not only the chief Support of many of the Petitioners, but the Means of employing some Thousands of poor People, who, with their Families, might otherwise become burthensome to their respective Parishes j and that the said Bill will all'o greatly affect the Woods and Wood-lands, whereof there are several Thousands of Acres in those Parts; and that most of the Wood-lands in those Parts are not capable of any other Culture, by being so mountainous and rocky; and that the greatest Parts of the Estates of many of the Petitioners consist of such Sort of Wood-lands;.and, should the Consumption of Wood be l'uppressed or diminished, the Petitioners will be the iefs capable of paying their Tythes, Land Tax, and other Rates, to which they are now liable and contribute; and also that the Tanning Trade in the said Borough of Kirkby, in Kendal, and Places adjacent, fb beneficial to those Parts of this Kingdom (tine Duty of which annually brings in confi/detable Sums of Money to his Majesty) will also be deprived of the great Supplies of; Bark now received from the Woods, Which will greatly ieflen, if not totally put a Stop to, the said Tanking Trade in those Parts, there-not being any other Place from whence the said Trade can be supplied with Bark, bat at such Prices, and Expence: in Carriage, as would totally £ake arway all the Profit of the said Tariniqg Trade, and, of expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion jto consequence, be the Ruin thereof: And further alleging, the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or con-That there are several Iron Mihes in those Parts, ofim- turned; as, upon Thursday the 8th Day of this instant mense Value, which, should the said Bill pass into a Law, March, were agreed to by- the House, That they do ip-will be totally loft to the Proprietors thereof, who will be < fert in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills; a Clause deprived of felling the fame, as they now do to the iron- or Clauses for the Apprehending of Persons in any County .* (works: And therefore praying. That the said Bill may or Place, upon Warrants granted against them by Justices not pass into a Law; and that the Petitioners may have of the Peace of other Counties or Places.

Were severally presented to the Hoqfe, and readj severally setting forth. That by the Bill, now depending in the House, for the Encouragement of the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries, a Bounty of Thirty Shillings per Ton is proposed to be given, to the Owners of all decked Vessels, from Twenty to Eighty Tons Burthen, which shall be built after the Commencement of the said Bill, for the Use of, and shall be employed in, the said Fisheries, under the Regulations in the said Bill mentioned; and that the Petitioners are Owners of several Ships and Vessels which were built for, and are fit to be employed in, the said Fisheries; but that ast he said intended Bounty is confined to Ships built after the Commencement of the said Bill, the Petitioners will not be intitled to the Benefit thereof, and consequently will be discouraged from engaging in the said Undertaking, so beneficial to this Kingdom, as they will not bo able to carry it on upon so advantageous Terms as the Owners of such Ships as shall be built after the said Time will be enabled to do -, although the Ship9 and Vessels belonging to the Petitioners are built according to the Model required by the said Bill, and are in all respedh proper to be employed in the said Fisheries: And therefore praying the House to tak$ the Premises into Consideration; and that the said Bounty may be extended to all such Ships and Vefi-fels, belonging to the Petitioners, as shall, upon Examination, be found to be properly qualified and duly fitted out for the said Fisheries, although such Ships or Vessels were built before the Commencement of the said Bill; or that the Petitioners may have such other Encouragement as the House shall judge reasonablej And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upqq the Table.

Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill fjor granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum per , and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferable at the Bank of England: And the same was received; and read the first time.

Resolve'd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws ate

Reduction of Annuities.

Leave to be heard* by their Cdunfel, against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Con- lideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.;

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers-do lay ,he-fore this House, an Account of what Sums have been subscribed at the several Offices,.pursuant to an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned.

Herring and Cod Fisherie*.

A Petition of several Merchants and Owners of Ships and Vessels, belonging to the Town and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk; and also,

A Petition of several Masters and Owners of Ships ' Vol. 25.

Ordered, That Mr. Gray be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or. Bills.-, -

A Petition of the principal common Brewers, Vidual-ers, Distillers, Tallow-chandlers, Soap-makers, Starch-makers, Tanners, Tea-dealers, Glassrmakers, idc. within the Cities of London and IVthe Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs thereof, and the several Parishes within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in behalf of themselves, and the several Persons who are chargeable with, or pay any Duties rejating to, the several Revenues under the Direction and Management of the Commissioners of Excise within the said Limits, wa6 presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled,

A Grant of certain impositions upon Beer Ale, and

12 M other

Supply Bill; railing a certain Sum by Annuitita.

Justice* War rap u.

Excise Office Hour* of Attendance.

1

' 150 Martii. . A. 1749.

The House, according to Order, resumed the ad- Haddingtou* journed Confederation of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of and from

thence to Ravensbaughburtt, in the County of Haddingtoun, was committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Herring and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon CodFiUierie* the Bill for the Encouragement of the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

*054

other Liquors, for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenue, during his Life:. and by another Act, passed in the same Year, intituled, an Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in and by

Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, it is Enacted, That the said Office of Excise, in all Places were it shall be appointed, shall be kept open from Eight of the Clock in the Morning till Twelue of the Clock at Noon, and from Two of the Clock in the Afternoon till Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the due Execution and Performance of all and every the Matters and Things in the said Act appointed and required and that, by the Limitations and Restrictions of Time as above-mentioned, the Petitioners are deprived of making use of Two of the most valuable Hours for Business in the Day (viz. from Twelve to Two) in Payment of their Duties, clearing their Goods, and transacting the several Matters at the said Head Office, required and incumbent upon them by Law; and that thereby the Petitioners, or their Servants, after their Bulinefsis transacted at the Exchange, Markets, and other Places of Resort, are put to Expences, and Loss of Time, till the said Head Office is open, to their great Detriment and Hindrance in Business; and that the Petitioners, uponApplication to the Commissioners of Excise, setting forth the Inconveniencies and Dilappoint-ments above-mentioned, were referred by them to this House: And therefore praying, That the said Clause may be repealed, lb far as relates to the said Head Office; and that a Clause may be inserted in Ibrne publick Act, that the said Head Office be kept open by a continued Attendance from Eight of the Clock in the Morning till Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, instead of the present Hours.

The House was moved. That so much of the said Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Char let the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open, might be read:

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to suchof the Resolutions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion thereupon to the House, which of them'were fit to -be revived, or continued; as, upon Thursday the 8th Day of this instant March, were agreed to by the House,

' That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the 12th Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service ;and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty ‘ in lieu thereof, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is appointed to be kept open each Day, and to direct for how long Time the said Office shall be kept open each Day for the future.

Ordered, That Mr. Tonfon be added to the Gentlemen

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill or Bills.

Ordered, That the Order, made upon fVednesday the 7 th Day of this instant March, for further adjourning till To morrow the further Hearing of Counsel for and against the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing and.preferring the Piers and Harbour of in the County of York, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the further Hearing of Counsel for and against the fr d Bill be further adjourned till Tomorrow Sevennight.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Africa* Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Peti- Compaajr. tion of the Royal African Company of England, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last; and also of the Petition, presented also to the House upon Tuesday last, of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyntook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directedhim to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Africa* whole House, upon the Bill for extending and improving Trade, the trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, iThat they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they haddirested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-Morrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Mr. Theophilus iteduAion Jones, Accomptant-General of the Bank of , Anauitiw.

attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of how much of the several Annuities, carrying an Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England, hath been subscribed, perfuant to an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth;

An

HaHdinatoi

ft<m2.

Supply Sill nifinga Sum br Annuities.

African

Company,

23 Geo. II.

15 — 16* Marti.

1055

V

Aw ACCOUNT of how much of the several Annuities, carrying an Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank of England have been subscribed, pursuant to an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, for Reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned j viz.

Annuities 1746 --- ----- ----- 2,230,764 13 6

Annuities 1747 - -- - 3,544,096 16 9

Lottery 1747 ----- ----- --- 738,314 10 6

Annuities 1748 - 5,721,233 11 4

Annuities 1749 - -- -- 2,603,830 6 3

London, 15th March 1749.

Theo. Jones,

Accomptant-General of the Bank of England.

£ 14,838,239 18 4

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 16* die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii 11" Regis, 1749.

Praters. n H E House, according to Order, resumed the ad-X journed Consideration of the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Ravenfhaughburn, in the County of

dingtoun, was committed:

And an Amendment was made by the House to the

Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of ' Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferrable at the Bank of England, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr Hobfyn, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Petition of the Royal African Company of England, which was presented to the House upon Tuesday last; and also of the Petition, presented also to the House upon Tuesday last, of the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Creditors of the Royal African Company of England, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the bona fide Creditors of the said Company, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place^and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a reasonable Compensation be given to the Royal African Company, whenever they shall be divested of their Charter, Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and all other Effects thereunto belonging; and that such Compensation

shall be, in the First place, applied for and towards the Payment of the bona fide Creditors of the same Company.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to offer a Clause or Clauses (when the Report firom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, was committed, shall be received) for examining into the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements in Poflfession of the Royal African Company on the Coast of Africa, and for examining into the Claims of the Creditors of the said Company.

An ingrafted Bill for taking down several Buildings, Gloucester and enlarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City Stre*u, ice. of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Billdopafs: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Selwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed. That Mr. Rowe, from the Dali's on -Commissioners of the Excise in Scotland, attended at the leather. Door}

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, Account of the Produce of the Duties on Leather in Scotland, from 173210 1738, inclusive.

And than he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, Tbntthe said Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of thisSelfioo.

The House being informed, That Mr. Read, Accomp" Rednflion of tant to the South-Sea Company, attended at the Door; Annuities.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the 1 House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Sums have been', subscribed at the South-Sea House, pursuant to an AftA passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after thej^ate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Accont was read.

The feid Account is aa followeth; viz.

Vot.

*5-

To

1056 t6° Martii. A. 1749.

To the Honourable the House of Commons:

An ACCOUNT of what Sums have been subscribed at the South-Sea House, pursuant to an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned;

Of the Joint-StoCk-of South-Sea Annuities - . - - - 8,887,913 16 5

Of the new Joint-Stock of Ditto - - - - - - 6,237,876 19 a

15,125,790 15 7.

There has tikewife been subscribed, in a Book where Doubts have arisen concerning the Persons Powers of subscribing, such Subscriptions being made only by One or more of, but not all, the Persons in whole Names the several Accounts Hand; for which Reason the said several Sums are not yet polled, as subscribed into the Company's Books; viz. Of the Joint-Stock, of South-Sea Annuities - - - ----- 135,58a 12 2

Of the new Joint-Stock of Bitto - - - ----- -- 45,279 9 4

South-Sea House, 180,862 I 6

16 Mar. 1749. - — ----- — 1

Errors Excepted. John Read, Accomptant

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Walter's Mr. Prowfc reported from the Committee, to whom Marriage the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Settlement. explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements, raade on the Marriage of Henry Walters Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the E^ill to the Hdule, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Ve(jr A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Clerk*. That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pdrlu- ant to such of the Refohstions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws expired, or near Expiring} and to report their Opinsion to the House, which of them were fit to be1 revived, or continued; as, upon Thursday the 8th Day of tlfii instant

March, were agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for any Person or Persons adingas a Vestry Clerk or Clerks in any of the Parishes or Places within the County of Middlesex, or City and Liberty of to solicit

as an Agent or Agents all Parochial Matters at any General ,or Quarter-Sessions of the Peace within this Kingdom, and to carry on and defend the same at such Sessions, so far as it relates to the several Parishes for which they are respectively concerned as Vestry Clerks}

It passed in the Negative.

The House being informed, That Mr. , froqj (teduaiwiof

the Exchequer, attended at the Door; Annukie*.

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented tQ the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of what Sums have been subscribed at the Receipt of Exchequer, . pursuant (o an Act, passed this present Session of Pari foment, for reducing the several. Annuities, which carry, an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates of Interest therein- meor tioned. .

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was fend.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knfgfct&i Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament aflerabkd:.

An A CCOUNT of whatSums have bien iiibscribed at the Receipt of Exchequer, pursuant to an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, for rSdocing the several Annuities, which cany, an Interest after the Rate of £. 4 per Centum pet Amrnms to the fevdral Ihterest therein mentioned,} viz. , £. )

O9 the Plate Ad, Amtosyno - i;z'6,joo — —

Bank of England, in their own Right - 1j - - - - 8,486,800 ——

African

Trade.

Exchequer, thejbish

: Ma^ 743.

Robert J

8,613,300 —

Ordered, T hit the said Account ijfqlie upon the Table, to be perjufed by the Members ojf tue, House.

Mr. Iloblyn, according to Order,1 reported, from the CommiUeeof t h ewhole House, to'Whom the Bill for extending and improving the Trade to was committed, the Amendments which the Committee Had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place , and afterwards delivered the Bill, with dfe Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where tile Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, appointing Commissioners to examine into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; the First of which being filled up;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

*5

A Message ifrom the Lords, by Mr. Spicer and Mr.

j‘

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, an Act to explain Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fouy-teenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and allb Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of found Religion: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronet, in the County of Anglesea, for Payment ot Debts; and for providing a Recompence to his eidell Son and issue, in lieu thereof: To which the Lords dc-fire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Etlates of John Needham Esquire, and Ann his Wife, John Leche Esquire, and Mary ins Wife, and Elizabeth Hurleston, for discharging Incumbrances af-

fefting

Uniforfni» of public k Prayers, &c.

Moflyu's

Ekacr.

Needham's, fcc. JEliatt.

23 Geo. II. i6° — 17 1057

fefting the same j and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply. Ttc Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty;

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which, upon Friday the Second Day of this instant , were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Papers presented to the House, upon the Sixth Day of February last, from the Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, relating to the Trade to Africa, and were then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as lolloweth; viz.

" Resolved, Nemine , That the Trade to

Africa oughc always to remain free and open.

" Resolved, Nemine , That the Trade to

" Africa ought never to be taxed with any Duties whatsoever, for the Support and Maintenance of any Forts and Settlements there.

" Resolved, Nemine , That the British

" Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa are necessary; and may, under proper Management, be rendered useful for the extending and protecting the Trade in general.

" Resolved, That, in order to carry on the Trade in the most beneficial Manner to these Kingdoms, all his Majesty's Subjects trading to Africa be united in an " open Company, without any Joint-Stock, or Power to " trade as a Corporation, under proper Regulations; and that the Forts and Settlements upon the Coast. of " Africa be put under proper Management and Regulation."

Ordered That the said Resolutions be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Account of Money paid, and Bills of Exchange drawn, for the Charges incurred by transporting to his Majesty's Colony of Nova , and sup-porting and maintaining the re, a number of reduced Ok fleers and private Men dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, and others his Majesty's Subjects now settled in the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charges of supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settlement of his Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the Year 17 50, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Services incurred during the War, in his Majesty's Colonies in North America, on account of the intended Expedition against Canada, and for other Services arising therefrom, and for the; Succour of Nova Scotia, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account shewing how the Money granted in the last Session of Parliament, for the further settling and improving the Colony of Georgia in America, has been applied by the Trustees for establishing the said Colony, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House refoived itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, w,hen the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Hampton Mr. Hardinge presented to the House, according to

Bridge. Order, a Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of

'Thames, from Hampton-Court, in the County of Middle-

Yen,. 25,

sex, to East Moulsey ,in the County of Surrey , And the same was received.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge have Leave to make A Motion, it being after Six of the Chock:

And he moved the House accordingly:

And the said Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Moftvn'g for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Mostyn Estate.

Baronet, in the County of Anglesea, for Payment of Debts; and for providing a Recompen e to hiseldeftSop and Issue, in lieu thereof; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyfier have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Needham's, for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, Eftat*. and Anne his Wife, John Leche.Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and Elizabeth Hurlefion, for uifciiarging iocumf brances affecting the same; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat17* die Martii 5

Anno 23* Georgii II'1* Regis, 1749.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Adb Wylick'a for naturalizing Jacob Van Wy lick, was read a Se- Nat.

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr; Lyfier,

Sir Peter Thompfcm, Mr. Kynaston, Sir Thomas Egerton,

Mr. Fellowes, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Gray, Mr. Humfrey,

Sir Francis Drake, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Colonel Leigh'

ton. Sir Nath.Curzon, Mr. Lewi, Mr. Torke, Mr.

Lowndes, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Mack worth, Lord

Sir Thomas Mostyn, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Northey,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Barrington, Mr. Powney, Mr. Chester, Mr. Proby, Mr. Pytts, Mr. Bayn-tun, Mr. Craven, Lord Strange, Sir John Cust, Mr. Allgood, Mr. Thornton, Sir Cor del , Sir Charles

Kern. Tynte, Mr. George Tozonjhend, Mr. Mr.

fVilles, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Alderman JanJfen: And' they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Masters and Owners of Ships in the Limiting Borough of Scarborough, in the County of York, was Trade to presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the;

Petitioners are possessed of above One hundred and Sixty ,ps' valuable Ships, properly fitted for home or foreign Trade; most of which, during the late War, from the Advance-: ment of Seamens Wages, the high Price of InfimtficCv and other Charges incident to the War, jthe Petitioners employed in the home Trade, and in transporting his Ma-» jetty's Forces; and that these extraordinary Charges upon British Ships during that time greatly improved the Trader of Foreigners, who could bring in Goods for ntttch less Freight than the British Ships; and that, by those Advantages, Foreigners have been enable^ to increase theifc Number of Shipping, and greatly to interfere with us in our Imports and Exports, to the proportionable Diminution of the Trade and naval Strength of these Kingdoms; which Advantages upon the Trade of the Subjecta, and the Navigation of these Kingdoms, the petitioners apprehend may be established, and further improved upon us,

ra N by

k

African

Trade.

Herring and Cod Fisheriei.

1058 17* — 19

by the Connexion between Foreigners and several foreign Merchants and Factors residing in thele Kingdoms, unless remedied by some Law for the further Encouraging of our Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying, That the Exportation and Importation of all Debenture and Bounty Goods* the Exportation of Provisions from Ireland to foreign Parts, and the Importation of Stores for the Use of his Majesty's Navy, may be limited to built Vessels only.subject to the Dispensation of his Majesty in time of War; and also praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and give such Relief to the Petitioners as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill lor extending and improving the Trade to , was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the rest of the Blanks, in the Clause offered Yesterday to be added to the Bill, being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing in what manner Persons shall be punished who shall refiife to make Answer to the Commissioners appointed to examine into the Claims of the Creditors of the Royal African Company:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, to appoint Persons to examine into the State and Condition of the Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa:

And the lame*was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restrain the Royal African Company from assigning, transferring, or disposing of, their military Stores, and other Things necessary for the Use and Defence of their Forts and Settlements.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing how the Expences of obtaining this Act shall be defrayed:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering Persons, against whom any Actions shall be brought for what they shall do in pursuance of this Act, to plead the General Issue:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring this to be a publick Act:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole

5 Martii. 1749.

House, upon the Bill for the Encouragement of the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to repprt, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, \<f die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii II11 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

ORDERED, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; as, upon the

8th Day of this instant March, were agreed to by the House, That they do, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, make Provision for punishing such Persons as shall steal or destroy Turnips.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made on the Marriage of Henry Walters Gentleman, and Anne his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafe.

Ordered, That.Mr. Prowse do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh Earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth Countess of Northumberland and Baroness Percy his Wife, and their Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Name of Percy, and bear and quarter the Arms of the Percys Earls of Northumberland, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Marquis of Granby, Lord Strange, Lord Egrnont, Mr.

Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Knightley, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Mar-

tin, Mr. Proby, Sir Cor del Firebrace, Lord Harley, Mr Finch, Mr. Sandys, General Onslow, Sir John,

Mr. Prowse, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Lockyer, Mr. , Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Sir Charles Mor-

daunt. Sir John Cujl, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Richard Lloyd, Mr, Mellish, Admiral

Vernon, Mr. Wodehouse, Mr. Torke, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Jenyns, Mr. Lewis, Sir Thomas Robinson, Mr. Montagu, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Cleveland, Sir Rich. Wrottesley, Mr. Gray; and all the Members who letvc for the Counties of Northumberland, York, and Middlesex:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr.

Stealing of Turnip*.

Walton

Marriage

Settlement.

Bari and

Counted of Northumberland's Name.

African Trade.

Wylick's

Nat.

Tower Hamlets nail Debts-.

Cowper'i

Estate.

Stanley's

Estate.

Uniformity of publics Prayers* *c.

Supply.

13 Geo. II. 190 Martii. - 1059

Mr. Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom for other Services arising therefrom, and for the Succour the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for of Nova Scotia.

naturalizing Jacob Van Wylick, was committed. That R, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand Four and found the same to be true; and that the Committee hundred and Seventy-six Pounds Three Shillings and . had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, for any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the defraying the Charges incurred by transporting to his.

Clerk's Table. Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, and supporting and

maintaining the re, a Number of reduced Officers and.

Sir William Beauchamp Frostor reported from the Com- private Men dismissed his Majesty's Land and Sea Service, mittee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy and other his Majesty's Subjects now settled in the said Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and Colony, and not provided for by Parliament, in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-nine thousand Seven within the said Hamlets, was committed, That the Com- hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings mittee had considered the several Petitions to them referred; and Two Pence, be granted to his Majesty, upon Account, and had heard Counsel upon such of the said Petitions, as, for supporting, maintaining, and enlarging, the Settle-by Order of the House, the Petitioners were to be heard ment ofjjiis Majesty's Colony of Nova Scotia, for the by their Counsel upon before the said Committee; and Year 1750.

also heard Counsel, in favour of the said Bill, against the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,-said Petitions; and that the Committee had examined the That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three hun-Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; dred and Four Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- be granted to his Majesty, for the further settling and ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report improving the Colony of Georgia in for the

to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Year 1750.

and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ReThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, . in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read: That a Sum, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, be

And several of the Amendments, made by the Com- granted to his Majesty, towards the Support of the British mittee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Second Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of to be

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, applied in such manner as his Majesty shall think proper, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second House. time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said agreed to by the House.

Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Sail-clotK A Message from the Lords, by Mr. "Edwards and Mr. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to M?nB-Sawyer: consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the

Mr. Speaker, Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act of British Sail-cloth, whole Names are thereunto fub-to enable William Cowper Esquire to settle a Jointure feribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was upon his present Wife, and to make Leases of certain referred;

F.rtates in the County of Hertford: To which the Lords __ Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

desire the Concurrence of this House: And also, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act House, to consider of the said Report, for veiling the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire, a,

Lunatick, lying in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Ways

in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of several Debts resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to *nd M,a"*

and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Con- granted to his Majesty:

currence of this House. Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

And then the Messengers withdrew. mittee. That they do consider of such Part of the national

Debt, carrying an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act per Annum, incurred before Michaelmas 1749, redeemable to explain Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and by Law, as hath not been subscribed pursuant to an Act Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the of this Session of Parliament, for reducing the several

Second, for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Annuities, which now carry an Interest after the Rate of

Administration of Sacraments; and also Part of an Act, Four Pounds per Centum per to the several Rates

passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen of Interest therein mentioned.

Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of found Ordered, That the Account of such Part of the na-

Religion; was read the First time. tional Debt, which carries an Interest or Annuity after

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as it

stood at the Exchequer at Michaelmas 1749, be referred Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com- to the said Committee, mitteeof the whole House, to whom it was referred tocon- OrThat the Account ofhow much of the several fider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Annuities, carrying an- Irttfcreft at the Rate of Four Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to Pounds per Centum per Annum, transferable at the Bank report to the House; which he read in his Place; and of England, have been subscribed, pursuant to an Act, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing same were read; and are as followeth; viz the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Twenty-two several Rates of Interest therein mentioned, be referred thousand Two hundred and Forty-six Pounds Sixteen to the said Committee.

Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to his Majesty, for Ordered, That the Account of what Sums have been ' defraying the Expence of Services incurred during the subscribed at the South-Sea House, pursuant to an Act,

War, in his Majesty's Colonies in North America, on passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the account of the intended. Expedition against Canada, and several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate Vol. 25. .;

Supply Bill; railing a certain Sum by Annuities.

1060 19* — 20° Martiu . 1749.

Ordered, That Sir John Cufl have Leave lo make a Motion, it being near Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Cowpet'* to enable William Cowper Esquire to settle a Jointure upon his present Wife, and to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Hertford, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several' Rates of Interest therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Accoupt of what Sums have been substribed at the Receipt of Exchequer, pursuant to an Act, passed this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rare of Four Pounds per Centum per to

the several Rates of Interest therein mentioned, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to several ResolutV>ns; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved,;That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Bold have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire, a Lunatick, lying in the Counties of Kent and in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances thereon i and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 20die Martii;

Anno 513* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1749. Prat sri.

The other Order of the Day being read; Comptroller of his Majesty's Navy, Navy Debt* 1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- XVA presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, ing neat, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole an Account shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a Navy, between the 31st of December 1748, and the 31st certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be of December 1749, has arisen, under the several Heads raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum per of Expence.

Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferrable And the Title of the said Account was read, at the Bank of England. The laid Account is as followeth 1 viz.

Navy-Office, 7 Ah ACCOUNT shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st 16th March 1749. 1 December 1748, and 31st December 1749, has arisen, under the several Heads of

Expence; prepared in pursuance of an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, dated the 16 th February 1 viz.

The Debt of the Navy, on the 31st December 1748 -

Received of the Four Million granted by Parliament in Discharge thereof

£. s. d. 5,459,676 16 Il-r 3,842,180 14 9

Which reduces that Debt to - - \ - 1,617,496 2 z\

The Debt of the Navy on the 31st December *749 -From which deducting the above Sum of r w — 1,866,752 1,617,496 1 nt

Shews the Debt incurred, between the 31st December amount to - 1748, and 31st December 1749, to 249,255 19

Realbns shewing the several Heads of Expence; viz. Freight of Transports, between the ill January 1748, and 3tft December 1749* not provided £ s. d.

Charge of transporting Soldiers -

Transporting Settlers to Nova Scotia - -

On the Head of Wages:

Charge of Men borne, more than voted by Parliament

On the Head of Wear and Tear:

Charge of Men borne, more than voted by Parliament Premiums on Naval Stores -

Bounty of Five Pounds a Head for Men belonging to the Enemy's Ships which have been either taken or destroyed.

£ s' d*

77*435 4 1 »3>672 3

*5,388 ——

18,300 11 4

30,960 ——

On the Head of Vi&ualing; as per Account received from those Commissionersj viz. For victualing- Land Forces, between ill January 1748, and 31st December

*749 - j - -

For Provisions fer the Number of Men bornet more than voted by Phrlia-

meat - -

For additional Allowance of Vinegar, as per Estimate

*2,472 17 7

5*977 9 ~ 2,841 3 —

101,107 5 4 9,769 to —

64,648 41 4

For

23 Geo. II.

20° Martii.

s.

1061

For Extra-Freights and Demurrage paid Merchant Ships for carrying out of Provisions for Supply of his Majesty's Ships in foreign Parts during the War, the Accounts for which did not come to Hand till after the 31st

December ‘748 ..... . "

Several Bills of Exchange drawn from the Ea/i-Indies, for Provisions purchased at high Prices, Part of which for victualing Land Forces, but no Vouchers yet come to ascertain the Sum -

6,872 19 7

45'563 9i

Savage Alo/iyn, Jo. Jilin, Dan. Devert,

H ill. Corbett, R. Osborn, Edward Falkingham, G. Crowle.

73,728 1 ii|

149.2 53 8 7*

Importing lion from America.

Shepheard't

Etiate.

Importing Persian Silk from Russia

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, modifies, exported from Great Britain to Ruff a, or with to be perused by the Members of the House. the Produce arising from the Sales of such Woollen or

other Manufactures, Goods, or Commodities, so ex-A Petition of the Ironmongers of Bristol, and others ported as aforesaid. concerned in the Iron Trade within the said City, was A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Importing prdenied to the House, and read; alleging, That the Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of ^erfu" Sl.i'£

Petitioners apprehend, if the Bill for the Importation of Weavers, London, on behalf of thrmselves, and the Silk r0m u 1J*

American Pig and Bar Iron into this Kingdom should pass Manufacturers of Great Britain, was also presented to the into a Law, it mull in a few Years intirely destroy the House, and read; setting forth. That the Importation of Forges of this Kingdom, and consequently remove the Persia Silk from Raffia into this Kingdom has been for Manufactory from hence to America, and greatly injure fume time discontinued, the Importers not being able to

the Iron Trade of the said City: And therefore praying, take the Oath required by a Clause in an Act made in

That the Petitioners maybe heard, by their Counsel, the Fourteenth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for agnirrff the said Bill, and that the House will give the opening the Trade to and trom Persia, through Petitioners such Relief as shall seem meet. because the British Factors are not permitted to carry their

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Goods through directly to in consequence

Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whereof, the Petitioners, and the other Silk Manufacturers 'whom the said Bill is committed. of Great Britain, are not only deprived of the Benefit

intended to be given to the said Manufacturers by the Aningrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act said Act, but, if the said Clause continues as it now to imnowef the Executors and Trustees of Samuel Shep- stands, will be disabled from purchasing the said Silk for heard Esquire, decoal d, to fell his Houses at Exiling the future, which is very useful, and much wanted for in Suffolk, and in Cavendish Square, and the Plate and the carrying on of the said Manufactures; while at the Furniture thereto beio-.ging; and to apply the Money, same time the and other foreign Nations,

produced by such Sale, a' the Court of Chancery shall may be supplied with this valuable Commodity at an direct or appoint; was read a Second time. easy Hate, and be thereby enabled to manufacture their

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to LordDupplin, Silks much better, as well as cheaper, than the British Sir Thomas Egerlon, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Lajcells, Mr. Cadogau, Manufacturers will be able to do; by which means the Mr. IViP'w.ms,. Mr. H'Ukinson, Mr. Morton, Sir John Cust, Petitioners, and the said other Manufacturers, will lose Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. the Benefit of exporting the Silk Manufactures of this

Prouse, Mr. Turner, Mr Gybbon, Mr. Cholmcndle^NXr. Kingdom to foreign Markets, to the great Detriment of

Hor. IValpolelenior, Mr Trevor, Mr Gray, Mr. Talbot, the JPublick, and the Loss of the Revenue: And there-

Mr. Hay, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Rich.Lloyd, fore praying the House to take the Premises into their Mr. Colleton, ?vlr. Vans, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Medlycot, Consideration, and to give such Relief therein as to the Mr. Uoblyn, Cohmcl lladan, General Onslow, Mr. Jcnyns, House shall appear reasonable.

Sir Richard IVroticjley, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

CrauJ itrd. Sir Nath. Cur con, Mr. Harvey, Sir Lud. Grant, permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of,

Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Hume, Mr. Fe/lowes, Sir Tho. purchased in to be imported into this Kingdom

Robinson, M v. T'ouuge, Sir Thomas Mofiyn, Mr. Cornewall, from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of

Mr. Seiwyn, Mr. Hill, Mr. Neale, Mr. Alderman Baker, Russia: And that Mr. Horatio lenior, the Lord

Mr. Pye, Mr. Finch; and all the Members who serve Duppland Mr. Charles Townshend, do prepare, and for the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, and Middlesex:bring in, the fame.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the

Click, in the Speaker's Chamber. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Hylton's

Act for Sale of the Estates devised by the Will of John Eftaie.

A Petition of the Fellowship of English Merchants for Hylton Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the RuJJiaarifing thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies; Company', was presented to the House, and read; let- was read a Second time:

ting forth, That the Petitioners are rendered incapable Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. to import raw Silk from Persia, through Russia, into this Mr.. Horatio Walpole senior, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. IVII-Kingdom, under the Act of the Fourteenth of his present Hams, Mr. Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. fVin-

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to open a Trade nington, Mr. Young, Mr. , Mr. Mr.

to and from Persia, through Russia, by reason of an Lambe, Mr. Allgoo'd, Mr. Harris, Mr. Orme, Mr. Hay, Interdiction of their Trade to Persia: And therefore Mr. Mr. Lambton, Mr. Ord, Sir John Cufi, Sir

praying the House to take the Premises into their Con- Cordel Firebrace, Mr. junior; and all the Members sideration, and to give Leave that a Bill may be brought who serve for the Counties of Durham,

in to enable the Petitioners, and such other Perfm or Cumberland, IVJlmoreland, and York: And they are to Persons as shall be free of the said Fellowship, to bring meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's and import into this Kingdom, in British built Shipping, Chamber, navigated according to Law, from any Port or Place of

or belonging to the Empire of Russia, raw Silk of the Aningrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Mostyn'* Growth of Persia, being purchaiCd in Russia by Barter for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Estate*

with Woollen or other Manufactures, Goods, or Com- Baronet, in the County of Anglesea, for Payment of Vol. 25. 12 O Debts;

1

Frauds in Admeafarc-ment of Coals.

Hanaper

Office.

Needham's &c. Estate.

St. George Southwark Rertorial Maintenance

1062 200 Martii. 1749.

Debts; and for providing a Recompence to his eldest Son and Issue, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Harley, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Bapt. Lev.

Mr. Sandys, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Mr. Gwytm, Mr. CholmondleyMr. Sir Charles

Mordaunt. Lord Dupplin, Mr. , Sir William

Calvert, Mr. Salufbury, Mr. Kent, Admiral Vernon, Mr.

Maitland, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. War bur ton, Mr. Plumplre, Sir John Cud, Mr. Bold, Mr. Sir Cor del Fire-

brace, Mr. Vane, Mr. Vyner, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Williams, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Child, M r. Dow defwell; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutions reported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; as were, upon Tb the 8th Day of this instant March, agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision therein for explaining and amending One of the Acts contained in the said Resolutions, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and the several Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex.

Mr. Attorney-General presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the publick Services provided out of the fame; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Matter or Keeper of the Rolls: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham F.squire, and Anne his Wife, John Lee he Esquite, and Mary his Wife, and Elizabeth Hurleston, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein-mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lyster, Sir Walter Blackett, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Barrington, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Chester, Nix. Sydenham, Mr. Child, Mr. Hill, Mr. Compton, Mr. Aftie, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Elliot, Colonel Leighton, Mr. Fellozves, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Fazakerley, Lord Harley, Mr. Gore, Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Gray, Sir Edmund Mr. Gvsynn,

Sir John Cust, Sir Richard Wrottesley, Sir Thomas Mr. Proby, Mr. Savage Mostyn, Mr. Wilkinson, Lord Dupplin, Mr. Powney, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Popham, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Vane, Admiral Vernon, Sir Charles Kem. Tynte, Mr. Pitts, Mr. Thornton, Sir Hum. Howarth-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Chester, Lancaster, and Salop: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Belchier reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the lteclor of the Parish of 5/. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Innholders and Stable-keepers living and residing within the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of in the County of Surrey, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

referred, That the Committee had considered of the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by his Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That his Majesty having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives his Consent, as far as his Majesty's Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the find Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Hampton Court, in the County of to East

Moulsey, in the County of Surrey, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord Dupplin, Mr. Selzvyn, Mr. Hora. Walpole junior, Mr. Charles Townshend, Sir WBeauchamp Proctor, Mr. Hora. Walpole nior, Mr. Tonfon, Mr. Thomas Tozvnshend,

Mr. Hume, Mr. Wilks, Mr. Lev. Gower, Lord Harley, Sir John Cust, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Torke, General Onslow, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Tounge, Mr. Colleton, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Saluflury, M r. Plumplre, Mr Mr.

Sandys, Sir Rich. Wrottesley, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Nor they, Mr

Mr. Prowse, Lord V.ere Beauclerk, Mr. Mr. Nugent,

Mr. Cornivall, Mr. Villiers-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Surrey, Middlesex, Sussex, and Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Clumber.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to co fider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or intitled unto, such Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas 1749, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as hath not been subscribed in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates therein mentioned; and who do, on or before the Thirtieth Day of May next, subscribe their Names, or signify their Consent to accept of an Interest of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the 25th Day of December 1755, ft*bject to the same Provisions, Notices, and Clauses ot Redemption, which their respective Four per Cents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their present Interest, be intitled unto, and receive, an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum until the 25th Day of December 1750; and, fro n and after the said 25th Day of December 1750, an Interest of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum until the 25th Day of December 1755; and that no Part of the same shall be liable to be redeemed until after the said 25th Day of December 1755.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas 1749, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and which shall not be subscribed on or before the Thirtieth Day of May next, be redeemed and paid off.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That his Majesty be enabled to borrow of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, any Sum or Sums

of

Hamptcm

Bridge.

Ways «d Means.

Ways and Meaos.

Tower Ham lets Small Debts. J

Importing Iron from America*

20" — 210 Martii. 1063

23 Geo. II.

of Money, not exceeding such P^rt of the National Debt carrying an In ten ft of Four Pounds Centum per Annum, redeemable by Law, as hath not been fub-Icribed in pursuance of an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed according to the aforegoing Resolucion, to be charged upon the Sinking Fund, to be applied to pay off and redeem such Part of the National Debt founsubscribedasaforesaid.upon anyTermsnot exceeding the Rate of Interest in the aforegoing Proposal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, there be blued and applied the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds out of such Monies as have arisen, or shall or n ay arile, of the Surplusses, Excesses, or Overplus-monies, comnionly called the Sinking Fund.

The (hid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, up^n the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve ittcIf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

Arid the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itfelt into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to aResolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Fane a!so, acquainteJ the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report Iro.n the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more eal'y and speedy Recovery of ('mail Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the same Hamlets, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America -, and to prevent the Making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there;

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Proprietors and Possessors of Iron-mines, Wood-lands, Forges, and Furnaces, and other Iron Works, and of those concerned in carrying on the Iron Trade, in the County Palatine of

Lancaster, whole Names are subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That should the Bill, now depending in the House, to encouiage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America, pass into a Law, it must not only be the intire Ruin of many of the Petitioners, but of Thousands in the said County, whole lole Livelihood depends on our Iron Trade, Iron Mines, Woodlands, and Iron Works; and that the Petitioners are very sensible, that the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America into thisKLingdom, Duty-free, must shortly intirely destroy the Forges and Furnaces in the said County, as the American Iron is well known by Experience to be of a limilar Nature and Quality with ours, and therefore must interfere with it; and that the Business ot making Iron has, in the said Cou.ity, been greatly improved, owing

Vol. 25.

to the immense Quantity of Iron Ore produced in the said County, sufficient to supply all England with that Commodity; and that great Numbers of the laborious Sort of People are constantly employed in digging, getting up, and carrying, the said Iron Mine not only to their Iron Works in the said County, but to the Sea Shore there, to be shipped to a great many different Parts of this Kingdom and Ireland, very great Quantities of which are annually exported from the said County to those Parts by many Ships or Vessels, whose chief Employ depends on the said Iron Mine, Iron Works, and Carrying of Bark to Ireland; and that the Petitioners have, with great Care, Industry, and Expence, improved their Lands, which were bairen and rocky, into Wood-lands, confuting of many Thousands of Acres, from which they ex-pected some Recompence to arile from the Profit of the Wood; and that the Petitioners dread being reduced to a very miserable Condition, should their Works be rendered useless, their Iron Mines and Wood-lands of no Value, and Thousands of poor Labourers, with their Families, brought upon their Parishes for want of Employ, who now subsist in a comfortable Way; and that the Petitioners must sustain another great Loss from the Sale of their Bark for carrying on the Leather Trade in England and Ireland, to which last Kingdom very great Quantities have been yearly exported from the said County; and that without being supplied from thence, and other Parts of England, the Petitioners apprehend that Kingdom could not carry on the Tanning Trade, no more than England, should our Woods be grubbed up, as they must be, toniakelomething though little, of the Soil: And therefore the Petitioners, dreading that the ill Consequences, as above set forth, may befal them, besides many Thousands more in this Kingdom, should the said Bill pass into a Law, praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that such Provision may be made for the Preservation and Continuance of the iron Works of this Kingdom as to the House flvll leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Pitt reported front the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and Evidence, and considered the Petitions to them referred, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday next, at Twelve of the Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercuric 210 Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii Iidi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

SI R William Calvert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for encouraging the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of Haddingtom, and from thence to Ravenfhaugburn, in the County of Had-dingtoun, was read the Third time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr.

Growth ol Silk in America.

Haddingtoun

Roadi.

1064 2i° Martii. A. 1749-

Pr. 19. L. 30. To leave out from " he" to " and, " in Line 35. and inlert these Words, " imprisoned for " any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, and to " he twice publickly whipped or scourged through the " Town of Haddingtoun during such Imprisonment."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Roads leading from Bridge to the Town of , and from thence to

Raveufhaughburn, in the County of Haddingtoun.

Ordered, That Sir HDalrymple do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Jin ran Mr. Horatio Walpole senior presented to the House,

Persian sfik ccording to Order, a Bill for permitting raw Silk of the from Russia. Growth or Produce of purchased in Russia, to be

imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Tower Ordered That the Order of the Day, for resuming Hamlets the adjourned Confederation of the Report from the Small Debts. Committee, to whom the Bill for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the same Hamlets, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several other of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were dilagteed to, and the red were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

Seduction of The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Artificers to for theeffectual Punishing of Personsconviftedof seducing foreign Parts, Artificers ;n tfoe Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great;

and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils made, use of in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and^ speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned , without any Amendment: And also, Culcheth The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Inclosure. for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Culcheth, in the County of Lancaster, without any Amendment: And also,

Nilbet's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Etfate. enable William Nifbet, of Dirleton, Esquire, anti the Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to make Leases of Lands in the County of Hadd; and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

Sergifon'* The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act to fell Estate. part (.|K foiled Estate of Thomas Sergifon Esquire; and to lay out the Money, arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Way* Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the Com-and Mean*.

mittee of the whole House, to whom-it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as folio w'eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One million, now due and owing to the United Company ot Merchants trading to the dies, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventeenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, be redeemed and paid off.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The House was moved. That the Resolutions, which were Yesterday reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and wue then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and are as followeth;

" Resolved, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Po-

" litick or Corporate, w ho now are, or hereafter may be, " interelLd in, or intitled unto, such Part of the National " Debt incurred before Michaelmas 1 749, redeemable " by Law, which now carries an interest ot Four Pounds " per Centum per Annum, as hath not been subscribed in " pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which cany " an interest after the Rate of Four Pounds Centum " per Annum, to the several Rates therein mentioned; " and who do, on or before the Thirtieth Day of May " next, subscribe their Names, or signify their Confenc " to accept of an interest of Three Pounds per Centum " per Annum, to commence from the 25th Diyof December 1755, subject to the same Provisions, Notices, " and Clauses. of Redemption, which their respective " Four per Cents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their " present interest, be intitled unto, and receive, an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until " the 25th Day of December 1750; and, from and after " the said 2,tn Day of December 1750, an interest of " Th ice Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, " until the 25th Day ot December 1755; and that no Part of the same shall be liable to be redeemed until after the said 25th Day of December 1755.

" Resolved, That such Part of the National Debt incurred before Michaelmas 1749, redeemable by Law, " which now carries an interest of Four Pounds per Centurn per Annum, and which shall not be subscribed on " or before the Thirtieth Day ot May next, be redeemed " and paid off".

" Resolved, That his Majesty be enabled to borrow of " any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, " any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding such Part " of the National Debt carrying an Interest of Four " Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeemable by Law, as " hath not been subscribed in pursuance of an Act passed " this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed according to the aforegoing Resolution, to be charged " upon the Sinking Fund, to be applied to pay oft'and " redeem such Part of the National Debt, so feribed " as aforesaid, upon any Terms not exceeding the Rate " of interest in the aforegoing Propofol.

" Resolved, That, towards railing the Supply granted " to his Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of " Nine hundred thousand Pounds out of such Monies as " have arisen, or shall or may arise, of the Surplusses,

" Excesses, or Overplus-monies, commonly called the " Sinking Fund."

The House was also moved, That the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday the Fifteenth Day of lafi,

were reported from the Committee of the whole House,

to

43 Geo. IL 2i° Mariii. 1065

to whom it was refenred to consider further of Way* and OrdereThai: Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice; Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and That so much of the Annuities transferable at the Bank Were then agreed to by the House, might be read: of Engla, created in the Year 1746; and so much of

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read the Annuities transferable at the Bank of ,as

accordingly; and are as followeth; viz. were raised by a Lottery in the Year 1747, as have not

" Re/o/ved, That-the Sum of Seventeen thousand Five been subscribed in pursuance of art Act pafl'ed this Session hundred fifty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the u Pence, remaining in the Exchequer at Christmds last, Thirtieth Day of May next; will be redeemed and paid being the Surplus of the additional Duties upon all off on the 24th Day of 1751, agreeable to the Clauses " Wines imported, over and above sufficient tofatisfy and Powers of Redemption contained in the several Acts " the Annuities charged thereupon, be applied towards of Parliament for creating the said Annuities respectively. kc raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the Ser- Order That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, " vice of the Year 1750. That so much of the Annuities transferrable at the Bank

" Resolved, Tlut the Sum of Twenty-nine thousand of England, created in the Year 1748, as have not be n

" Eight hundred Fifty-six Pounds One Shilling and Ele- subscribed pursuant to an Act: passed this Session of Par-* ven Pence Half-neny, being the Surplus-monies re- liament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the maining in the Exchequer at Michaelmas last, 1749, of 30th Day of May next, will be redeemed and paid off on the Rates and Duties upon Houses, Windows, and the 25th Day of March 1751, agreeable to the Clauses " Lights, and of the Duties on Coaches, an^ other Car- and Power of Redemption contained in the Act of Parriages, after tatisfying all Payments due thereupon, be liament for creating the said Annuities.

*4 applied towards raising the Supply granted to his Ma- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice,

" jesty, for the Service of the Y car 1730. That lo much of the Annuities transferrable at the Bank

" Resolved, That the Sum of Seventy-one thousand of England, created in the Years 1747 and <749, as

" One hundred Sixteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and have not been subscribed pursuant *0 an Act passed this " Six Pence, being the Surplus-monies remaining in the Session of Parliament, and shall not be i'uoscribed on or Exchequer at Michaelmas last, 1749, of the Subsidy before the 30th Day of May next, w'H de redeemed and of Poundage on Goods and Merchandizes imported, paid off on the 29th Day of September 1741, agreeable " after satisfying all Payments due thereupon, be applied to the Clauses and Powers ot Redemption contained irt " towards railing the Supply granted to his Majesty, for the several Acts ol Parliament for treating the aid Aa-the Service of the Year 1750." nuities respectively.

The House was also moved. That the Third and Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice,

Tourth Resolutions, which, upon Monday the 12th Day That lb much of the Annuities charged upon wrought of February last, were reported from the Committee of Plate, and payable at the Exchequer, as have not beeh the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider fur- subscribed pursuant to an Act passed this S.-Hion of Par-ther of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then liament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th agreed to by the House, might be read: Day of May next, will be redeemed and paid off on the

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read 25th Day of March 1751, agreeable to the Clauses and accordingly; and are as followeth; viz. Power of Redemption contained in the Act, made in the

" Resolved, That a Sum not exceeding Forty-six thou- 6th Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled,

" sand Eight hundred and Forty-nine Pounds Eleven An Act for laying a Duty upon wrought Plate; and for Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to his Majesty, applying the Money arising from the clear Produce (by out of the Monies or Savings arising frofn the Pay of Sale of the forfeited Estates) towards answering his.Mathe Land Forces, in the Hands of the Paymaster- jesty's Supply; and for taking off the Drawbacks upon " General of his Majesty's Land Forces, towards defray- Hops exported for Ireland s and for Payment of Annuities " ing the extraordinary Expences of his Majesty's Land- to be purchased after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum " Forces, and other Services incurred in the Year 1749, per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament;

" and not provided for by Parliament. and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of

Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-five Parliament; and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and thousand Six hundred Seventy-four PoundsEight Shil- Warrants of the Officers of the South-Sea Company; and *' lings and Six Pence, be granted to his Majesty, out of for explaining a late Act concerning foreign Salt cellared " the Monies or Savings on the Head of Forage and and locked up before the Four-and-twentieth Day of June Provisions voted for the auxiliary Troops of Russia, One thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen; and to give and on the Subsidies to the Landgrave of Hesse-Cassel, a further Time for paying Duties on certain Apprentices " Elector of Bavaria, and Duke of IVolfenbuttle, in the Indentures; and for Relief of Thomas Vernon Esquire, in "* Hands of the Paymaster-General of his Majesty's Land relation to a Parcel of Senna imported in the Year One *Forces, towards defraying the extraordinaryExpencesof thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen.

" his Majesty's Land Forces, and other Services incurred Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do give Notice forthwith,

*' in the Year 1749, and not provided for by Parliament." That the Sum of Four millions Two hundred thousand Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in, pursuant to Pounds, now due and owing to the United Company of the said Resolutions Yesterday reported from the Com- Merchants trading to the Indies,' will be redeemed mittee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to and paid off in Manner and Form following; One consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup- million and Fifty tlioul'and Pounds on the 25th Day of ply granted to his Majesty, and then agreed to by the March 1751, One million and Fifty thousand Pounds on House j and also the Resolution this Day reported from the 24th Day of June 1751, One million and Fifty thou-the said Committee, and agreed to by the House; and sand Pounds on the 29th Day of September 1751, and also the said Resolutions reported from the said Committee the remaining Sum of One million and Fifty thousand upon Thursday the 15th Day of February last, and then Pounds on the 25th Day of December 1751, unless the agreed to by the House; and also the said Resolutions, Sum ot Three million Two hundred thousand Pounds be which, upon Monday the 12th Day of February last, were subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to

whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to gUpp]y Bill) granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hobfe, upon raising a House: And that Mr. Fane, Mr. Chancellor of the Ex- the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Mo- certain Sum chequer, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Mr. ney, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by Annuities Anauitiea.

Grenville, Mr. Vane, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solli- at Three Pounds Centum per Annum, and charged on citor-General, Mr. Scrope, Mr. West, and Sir John Bar- the Sinking Fund, transferrable at the Bank of England, nard, do prepate, and bring in, the fame. be now read:

Vol. 25. 12 P Anc}

to66

21° — 2 i° Martil A. 1749.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Herring and Lieutenant-General , according to Order, re-

CodFiifteritt. porjetj from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of the British White Herring and Cod Fisheries, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amondments to several of them, agreed to, by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, declaring what Sums shall be deemed to be employed within the Meaning of this Act:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, providing that no Transfer shall be made of any Share in the Stock of the Society to be erected by virtue of this Act, except in certain Cafes therein mentioned:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended:

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering any Number of Persons, subscribing a certain Sum of Mor.ey into the Stock of the said Society, to carry on the said Fishery under their own Management:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended:

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

And then an Amendment was made by the House

to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

St. George Southwark Re&orial Maintenance.

The ether Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 2° die Martii;

Anno 23° Georgii Ildi Regis, 1749. Prayers.

Growth of A & 1 LL for encouraging the Growth and Culture of Silk in* a* raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America. America, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be coipmitted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Seventh Resolution, Sapply. which, upon Monday the Fifteenth Day of January last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, out of the " Monies or Savings arising from, the Contingencies of " the Army, in the Hands of the Paymaster-General of " his Majesty's Land Forces, towards defraying the " Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the " Year 1750 "

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen appointed to prepare, an 1 bring in, a Bill or Bills, pur-luant to the Resolutions, which, upon last, were

reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; and also the Rcfolu-tion Yesterday reported from the said Committee, and then agreed to by the House; and also the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday the Fifteenth Day of February last, were reported from the said Committee, and were^then agreed to by the House; and also the Third and Fourth Resolutions, Which, upon Monday the Twelfth Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, pursuant to the said Resolution, which, upon Monday the Fifteenth Day of January last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply grapted to his Majesty, and was then agreed to by the House.

Sir William Calvert report from the Committee, to Prohibiten whom the Petition of the Merchants and Dealers in Linen, of CambricJu. of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred, That the Committee had examined the Matters of Fact contained in the said Petition; and had directed him to report a State thereof to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

»The Committee find the Matter of Fact contained in the said Petition to be as follows:

Mr. Thomas Vigne said. That he had been an Importer of Silesia Lawns and Cambricks upwards of Twenty

Years: That he believes French Cambricks have been imported and worn since the Prohibition, because the

Lawns-, which have been imported to answer the Purposr of Cambricks, have not fold, the Witness having great Quantities in his Hands at this time; and it is the general Opinion of the Trade that French Cambricks have been worn:

That he has dealt chiefly in Silesia Lawns since the Prohibition; and has fold more of them since that Period than he ul'ed to do, but not so many as to answer his Expectation.

And, being asked the Question, he laid. That the Wearing of Muslins, and going without Ruffles, has been a Prejudice to the Sale of Silesia Lawns: That they are like-wife much dearer than they were formerly; for that immediately after the Prohibition, the Demand for them was so great, that it advanced the Price 30 per Cent, and upwards

2 3 Geo. II. 2 2°# Martii. 1067

wards in Foreign Markets: That they are since fallen in their Price, but still continue to be 20 Cent, dearer, on the whole Importation, then thay were before the Prohibition:

That though the Prohibition of Cambricks does not immediately interfere with the coarse Silesia Lawns, yet it has occasioned a Rife in the Price of them; the great Demand for fine ones having made the Manufacturers neglect the low-priced ones:

That the Witness has imported Cambricks since the Prohibition, which he knows to be Cambrick by the Place where 'tis manufactured, and Form and Manner of Making it up: That he has seen Linens, which he thought to be Cambricks, made up in a different manner, and imported since the Prohibition} but that he could not swear they were Cambricks: That his Reason for thinking them so, was, that they looked like Cambricks, and so do all fine Linens that are made; and, if they had been folded in the Cambrick manner, the Witness should have bought them as Cambricks; and, in the manner they were folded, he should have bought them for Silesia Lawns; and that the Price of Cambrick is less than that of a Silesia Lawn of equal Finenels:

That there is a Difference in the-Fabrick of Cambricles, those made at St. Quint in being of a thinner, and those at Valenciennes, of a thicker, Texi ure; and that he has seen

German Linens made to imitate both: That he thinks he has seen German Linens more like each of those Cambricks than the Cambricksaretheoneto the otherjand, if his Correspondent were to fend him Long Lawns instead of Cambricks, if they were the same Length and Breadth, he thinks he might be deceived in them: That he never imported any in that manner, but has been told it has been done, and it is impossible to know a German Lawn from a Cambrick; and that his Reason for saying Cambricks have been imported, was, becaulc he has heard many hate been seized; and that he has likewise heard Cambricks have been imported from under

the Denomination of Silesia Lawns;

That he believes the Manufacture of Silesia Lawns has greatly increased since the Prohibition; but apprehends they have not continued to make the Quantity as at first, because the People of London have not had a Demand for them:

That Cambricks are preferred to Silesia Lawns, because they are cheaper.

And being asked, if there was a Difficulty in distinguishing the Two Species of Goods before the Prohibition ? he said, They did not at that time import fine Silesia Lawns.

Being asked, What are the highest-priced Kentings or Sihjia Lawns that he has seen ? said. He had known Long Lawns fold for £. 15 the Piece, containing 32Yards, which is about 9 s.a Yard; but that he himself never fold any for more than 6j. and a Yard, which might be mistaken for Cambricks of about $s. a Yard.

And being asked, If any Lawns could be mifr

taken for Cambricks above the Price of 5 a Yard ? he said. He apprehended Mhe fined Silesia Lawns might; That the Silesia Lawns he mentioned, of 9 a Yard, would resemble a Cambrick of about a Yard; and that the fined Cambricks are about 12 a Yard.

And being asked, If there was a Possibility to make Lawns resemble the fined Cambricks ? he answered, He could not lay as to the Possibility, but he had not seen or heard of any such: That he apprehends the Lawns cannot interfere with Cambricks of above a Yard, it being impossible to import such as Long Lawns, though he cannot fiiy whether any Cambricks above y a Yard have "been imported as Long Lawns since the Prohibition: If it has been done, it mud have been suspected to have been a Cambrick; but no Man will swear it to be so, as lie as not lung to ground his Judgment upon but the Finenels of the Goods:

That he believes there is at present a Difference between Cambricks above y s.a Yard as Long Lawns, both as to Weight and Fineness; but he thinks it would be itn-Vol. 25.

possible to condemn the fined Cambricks, since, in the Opinion of the Witness, People would not swear them to be such; and that those which have been condemned have been smuggled:

That the Witness imports some Cambricks from Holland, and that Silesia Lawns are likewise imported from thence: That if a Cambrick of 7 a Yard was sent to) him from Harlem, of the same Length, and made up in the same manper, as a Long Lawn, and, as such, charged. 9.*. a Yard, it.would be impossible for him to distinguish the one from the other; and that the only Method of preventing tli$ felling the one for the other, is the Difference of the Numbers and Package:

That the Pridtof Cambricks has rilen since the Prohw hibition, which he al'cribes to the Demand for them, which he has been informed was greater in general than before the Prohibition, but they don't lay particularly from whence that Demand arises j and that, when he mentions the Prohibition, lie, means the Time when the Act took place:

That the gr^ateft Demand, before the Prohibition, was for Cambricks which cod the Importer about a Yard j and that he believes the Proportion of what was fold above ys.a Yard, was about One-third of what was fold under that Price.

And being asked. To what he attributed the Decrease of the Consumption of Silesia Lawns, since Cambricks were dearer than they'.were (aefore the Prohibition ? he said, That though the Price of Cambricks is inciealed, it don't bear any Proportion to the Increase of Price in Silesia Lawns f and that the Rife in the Price: of Cambricks has been within these Six Months.

And being asked, If great Quantities of Silesia Lawns had not been bought after the Palling of the Act, and before it tookt place, in order to supply the Want of Cambricks ? He said. There were; and that That might contribute to the Dearness of them.

Mr. Andrew Devifne, Merchant, laid, That he dealt irt every Species of Linen, except the Russia* Irish, and Scotch:

That, in his Opinion, the Consumption of

bricks in England has been little inferior, since the Prohibition, tq what it was before: That he grounds this Opinion upon the Information he has received from his Cor-lefpondents in Flanders and France, vi\\o further advile him, that they had obtained Leave from the Court of to make Cambricks of 32 Yards long, which were imported under the Denomination of French Lawns, whereby the Government was deprived of 8r. Duty out of 10: That he applied to the Commissioners of t he Customs, and shewed them the Letter which contained this Information j.who thanked him, but told him they could not communicate the Knowledge of distinguish ing Cambricks from Lawns to their Officers:

That, if the Prohibition were taken off, he imagines the Goverment would be able to get the Duty of ioj. since the dilhonefl Trader must pay a Premium for running his Goods, equal to the Duty; and no one would chuse to run a Risque, when he may trade fately.

And being asked, Whether he thinks the Expence of fending Cambricks to Holland or Hamborough, and importing them thence under the Denomination of Long Lawns, would amount to 8/. a Piece, which by that means would be laved in the Duty ? he said, It would be worth while to import Cambricks as Narrow Germany in that manner, if the Clandestine Traders could find a Vent for them; but lie apprehends their Customers would not buy 'em: That the Drapers have been obliged to take Cambricks, some having done it, which had forced the rest into the same Method; and he believes, in case the Act were repealed, the Smugglers could not find People to buy their Goods, and consequently the fair Trader would again carry on the Trade:

That the French Trade has not suffered as it was expected, for that in some Towns they have made more Pieces of Cambricks than they did before the Prohibition; That he supposes the Hamborough Traders, who may have

imported

Coogli

1068 2 2° Martii. A- 1749

Prohibition imported Cambricks as Narrow Germany, would, upon if Cambrick* fj,e j{epeaj of the Act, turn Cambrick Merchants, since Cambricks are much more vendable, when packed and dressed liked themselves, than when disguised like Lawns:

That he believes Cambricks have been fold since the Prohibition 1 and that he himself Was offered, by a Person of Reputation in Fr, to be furnished with Cambricks, to be delivered at his owh House in for

a Reward of 8 or 9 per Cent.; and that another Person asked him 10 per Cent.That he believes these smuggled Cambricks are sold to Drapers or Hawkers folded up without Disguise, for that he thinks a Lady would refuse to buy them made up like Long L&wn, which (he would not hesitate to buy if made up as Cambrick; and that the Witness has seen some of both Species, which he could not distinguish the one from the other:

That if the Trade were open, the Dealers would have a greater Demand for them, if cloathed as Cambrick That, while the Trade was open, there was an Emulation between the French and , in consequence of which

the Lawns were very much improved; and, in the Opinion of the Witness, there would have been less Cambrick imported; but, since th Trade has been (topped,

the Germans have imposed a higher Price on their Goods.

And being asked, If Cambricks are not much higher priced in Flanders than heretofore ? he said, The coarse Goods are all over Europe, the Crops of Flax having failed for 1 wo Years; but the Price of fine Goods is much the lame:

That there as are many Manufacturers in Flanders as heretofore: That they used to make 80 or 90,000 Pieces a Year at St. Quint ins and now make from 110 to 120 and 130 in a Year, and to this he has been an Eye-witness: That he was solicited, when abroad, to take Cambricks; and People there told him, that great Quantities were sent into England:That he had been at Valenciennes, but could not lay particularly as to the Increase or Decrease of the Cambrick Manufacture in that or the rest of the Towns: only at St. Quintin it was considerable, particularly in flowered, spotted, and figured, Goods; and he was informed the Trade to Germany for those Goods was much increased:

That, when the Prohibition first took place, the French were alarmed, and thought to preserve their Trade by Making of Cambricks double the Length; which Method they pursued, till they found they could, by aclandestine Method, introduce them of the same Length as formerly; since which they have almost totally ceased to make them of the Length of Long Lawns.

Mr. Harrison said, He had been a Linen-draper since the Year 1715: That, in his Opinion, large Quantities of

French Cambricks had been confirmed in Great Britain since the Prohibition, but cannot pretend to say how much: That he has refused to lend 'em to his Customers in the Country, who have had them from other People, which has hurt his Business.

And being asked. If an Importer could cheat him by Jelling him a Cambrick worth 6j. a Yard for 8j. a Yard, as a Long Lawn, though such Linen should have been entered at the Custom-house under the Denomination of Narrow G/ermatty ? he said. He believed it was possible to deceive him in that manner, He having Two Partners, and not being concerned in that Branch of Business which enables him to make niccDiftinftions; but he apprehends there are 50 Linen-drapers in London who could not be deceived in that manner:

That the greatest Consumption of Cambricks is from -4to 6s. a Yard, and that he imagines the Proportion of Cambricks consumed above 6s. a Yard may be about One-third, or One fourth; but, as he has never made a Computation, he cannot pretend to be particular.

Mr. Andrew Devifne was again called 1 and asked, What the Proportion of French Cambricks above 5/ &d. a Yard bore to the general Consumption before the Prohibition; he said. That, dividing1 the whole Quantity consumed into Five Parts? Four-fifths was of the Price of 20

5*. 6d. or under: That from 75 to 80,000 whole Pieces were imported in a Year, at a Medium, for Five Years before the War, That the Duty at that time was 8s. 2d. a Piece; that it is now ior. i\d.: That, since the Prohibition, great Quantities of Mullins, and what is called Dresden Work, which is done in Nunneries abroad. Blonds, and Gaufes, have been wore in lieu of Cambricks, the Three last of which pay no Duty; and that he looks upon the Importation of these as a profitable Trade to France, for the Women and Children are employed in it: 1 hat, when the Witness was lately in France, he law several People at Work on it in the Nunneries; and has seen many Persons employed in it at Paris, and they said it was designed for England:

That the French buy some of their Muffins from us, but the Duty thereof is drawn back upon Re-exportation; and that probably some of these worked Mullins may come from Dresden an.i Germany, the Witness not being able to distinguish French Work from Germany; but he believes more Worked Ruffles come from France than Germany, since he was offered some of those Goods at Paris of the French Manufacture, which were cheaper than Dresden, but he is not a Judge of the Goodnels of the Work; but he thinks they can't work cheaper at Dresden than at Paris, because they have not such a Number of Women in their Seminaries.

Mr. Elisha Farmer informed your Committee, That he had been a Linen Draper 25 Years, and upwards; and that, at the time of the Prohibition, he dealt in what he apprehended to be both French Cambricks and German. Linens:

That the fine Silesia Lawns advanced 40 per Cent, immediately when the Prohibition of French Cambricks took place: That the Coarser Sort of Silesia Lawns are likewise advanced in price, occasioned, as the Witness apprehends, from a great Number of Hands taken from the coarse Manufactory to the finer:

That those Mullins, which were proper to supply the Want of Cambricks, rose at the same time 100 per Cent. and there is Likewise afurther Difference between the Value of a Piece of Muslin and Cambrick to the Consumer, the former not wearing (b well as the latter

That, since the Prohibition of the Cambricks, the Witness has imported Long Lawns from Holland, and found the Price advanced 40 p Cent, there:

That he had no Way to judge whether those Goods were really Long Lawns or Cambricks, but from the Credit he gave to his Correspondent abroad:

That, before the Prohibition, Long Lawns were never made so fine as Cambricks; but since that time he has seen Goods'of that Denomination finer than ever he law before; and he believes lie has bought some at about 9*. a Yard, and could have bought as good Cambrick for 7 r» a Yard before the Prohibition.

And being asked, if he could be lb far deceived as to give 9;. a Yard for Cambrick entered under the Denomination of a Long Lawn, which was worth no more than "js. ? he said. That he would not buy that for 9X. that he might have for js. but that he had been cheated: That he has bought Long Lawns, since the Prohibition, at about 9 s.a Yard, which are now very rateable: That he has doubted whether they were Long Lawns, and shewed them tofeveral Men of Judgment, the Majorrity of whom believed them to be the Manufacture of Germany, but that the Witness himself thought them a new Manufacture set up in Imitation of Lawns; but, if the Prohibition were taken away, he could not be deceived, for then he should not consider whether it was a Cambrick or Lawn, since his only Object then would be the Value of the Linen:

That, when the Trade was open, a Long Lawn of Half a Crown a Yard was as good as a Cambrick of that Price; and that the Witness could not distinguish which was which, except by the Length and Breadth, he having been deceived by buying QuarterLawns at a publick Sale with Cambrick Tickets put to them; and there is no Security to guard against on Imposition, but the Honour of your

a 3 Geo. II.

2 2° Martti.

1069

your Correspondent: That a Cambrick of 7 a Yard will wear better than a Long Lawn of 9*. as the former improves in the Waffling, but that the one cannot be distinguished from the other by the Eye.

And being asked,'. Whether, in the same wherein he had been deceived, he had given a due Attention to the Examination of the Good* ? he laid. He believed he bad not in that jiarticulir Instance; but if a Gentleman, of whom he had a good Opinion, should tell him that Lohg Lawns were Cambricks, and if such Long Lawns were made of the Length and Breadth of Cambricks;' *tis possible he might be deceived; and that, in the same where he was imposed upon, he should never have been undeceived, had those Pieces been of the Length and Breadth of Cambricks:

That there were Long Lawns, before the Prohibition of Cambricks, at 5 s.a Yard, but that he never bought any because he thought Cambricks of that Price better: That he distinguishes them by the Length and Breadth, and can give some Conjecture by the Goodness, and the Trade think that Cambricks in general have a different Appearance: That he has now a Long Lawn by him of ioi. 6d. a Yard, which he suspects to be of French Manufacture, but he cannot say what Price it would have bore before the Prohibition: Possibly he might have bought if for 7*. a Yard; but, if the Trade were open, he should prefer Cambricks to Long Lawns, because they wear better:

That there is generally a Difference in the Thread, and the Cambricks have more of a silky Nature than Long Lawns; but that he has bought Valenciennes Cambricks whitened in Holland, some Part of which his Customers have mistaken for Long Lawns; and that generally, when Cambricks ate whitened in Holland, they are much like Long Lawns.

Arid being asked, Whether the Dutch Whitening did not thin the Goods ? he said. That Cambricks in general ate thinner than Lawns; but that he has seen Long Lawns as thin as Cambricks, but that the Thinnels of the Texture is the distingu idling Mark of the Cambricks.

And being asked. How he knew those thin Linens, which he called Long Lawns, were not Cambricks, he said. He had no Certainty of it, but by the Length of the Piece, and the Credit of his Correspondent.

Being asked, If the Prohibition were taken off, how that could help him to distinguish Cambricks from Long Lawns ? he said, It would not be possible for him to do it if they were made up in the same Shape: That the fair Trader would be liable to be imposed upon, and Frauds might be committed in the Customs; but, if the Prohibition was taken off, the French might possibly endeavour to distinguish their Cambricks from Long Lawns as much as they now endeavour to confound 'em:

That undoubtedly it is the Interest of the People in French Flanders to enter their Goods as Narrow Germany, by which means they pay no more than is. Duty for what they would pay ioj. for, if entered under the Denomination of Cambricks; but that, when it was in their Power to make use of this Fraud, he believes they never did; and he thinks they would never have thought of any such thing, if the Act for prohibiting the Wear of French Cambricks had never been made.

And being asked. Whether the Persons he formerly dealt with abroad for Cambricks were now become Importers of Long Lawns ? he said. They imported both those Species of Goods before the Prohibition.

Being required to inform your Committee, What Sort of Muffins those were which he laid were raised 100 per Cent ? he said. They were such as answered the Purposes of Cambrick; but he does not know what Quantity of them were re-exported, but believes none of the high-priced ones, except it were with an Intent to be smuggled in again: That there was a material Difference in the Rife of the Sale last March, the Muffins called Chequed Dorias, and Six-quartered Mulinums, which are the Species that interfere with the Cambricks, riling, even in the Adjournment of that Sale, 30 or40 per Cent', and that he believes those Muffins were consumed at home: Vol. 2$.

That the French Settlements in the East-Indtes having suffered in this War, may have contributed to raise the Price of Muffins, but not to that Degree as they have risen: That, before the War, the Frenth were our best Customers for high-priceid Muffins:

That, since the Prohibition, fewer Cambricks have been consumed, and more Muffins; but that the Con* fumption of Cambricks is owin£ to the Law not being put in Execution: That bethinks it is impossible to be put in Execution, since People, who are the most conversant in the Gdods, are liable to be imposed upon when they are made up; and that a greater Quantity of Cambrick is brought in by Smuggling than by false Entries.

Being asked the Question, he said. That Cambricks would fell better in their own Shape than if imported in the Disguise of German Linens: That the apparent Difference between Cambrioks and Long Lawns is not sufficient for the Witness to take upon him to swear whether a Piece of Goods were the one or the other Manufacture; but that hecbuld swear'to the best of his ' Belief, and the Finenefsof the Manufacture would be the Circumstance on which his Opinion would be grounded; but 'tis impossible to say to what Degree they may disguise their several Manufactures:

That he has seen Linens with Scotch and Marks upon them, which it is impossible for any Man to distinguish from French Cambricks; and that, in his Opinion, it would be a Matter of mere Conjecture: That the Enlargement of the Penalties might be a Temptation to false Swearing, but that it.would be impossible to distinguish with any Certainty.

Mr. "Thomas Walton said. That he had been an Importer of Silefta Lawn and Cambrick upwards of 20 Years, but left off Business upon the Prohibition of French Cambricks, from an Apprehension that such Prohibition would raise the Price of Si left a Lawns, and consequently encourage the Smuggling of Cambricks: That the Prohibition has been a Detriment to the fair Trader, and the Witness would rather carry on no Trade thanaTrade in this manner: That, before the Prohibition, Cambricks and Lawns were made up in a different manner; but, since, they have endeavoured to confound the one with the other: That, before the Prohibition, he judged the different Species of Linen by their Package and Length; but cannot say what Perfection those Manufactures may have arrived at since; and, if the Trade could be carried on as fair as formerly, he would enter into it again; and that his only Reason for leaving it off, was the Prohibition of Cambricks:

That he thinks a Person might carry on the Importation of Cambricks on a fair Footing at the present Duty, for that the Difference of the Duty is not a sufficient Encouragement to the Smuggler for his Risque and Expence, which, together, would be very considerable: That he has heard, that Persons have offered to contraCfc for the Delivery of smuggled Cambricks. in at

10/. per Cent, and that 5 s.is the Duty on a Demi Piece; but he cannot say what Proportion 10 Cent, bears to the Price of Cambricks on an Average, having never made a Calculation of it: That he thinks the Prohibition of Cambricks can never be made effectual without prohibiting all Linens of a similar Kind; and that he is able to judge of this, though he has not been in Trade since the Prohibition, having seen Samples of the different Manufactures of Linen.

Mr. William Hollier informed your Committee, That he was formerly a Linen-draper, but had left off Business: That, when he was in Trade, he was well acquainted with Cambricks and Long Lawns, as well as with Scotch and Irish Linens of the like Kinds: That there is so great a Similitude between these Goods, that he was never able to distinguish Irish, Scotch, and French, Cambricks, one from the other; nor could he distinguish Cambricks from Long Lawns, provided the latter were of an equal Fineness with the former: That he could not give his Judgment positively upon Oath on that Occasion, but could swear to the best of his Belief; but, if the Consequence

12 Q of

Prohibition

of

Cambricks*

Prohibition of ' Cambricks.

1070 , 2i° Martii. A. 1740.

of his Opinion were to subject the Party to a Penalty, he would not give his Oath, unless compelled to it:

Thit the Difference in these Species of Goods ariles from the spinning and weaving, being all made from the same Materials, and is not distinguishable to the Eye:

That he cannot tell whether the Lawns or Cambricks would be dearest in case the Trade were opened: That the Duty on Cambricks is higher than on Lawns, and it is the Interest of the Frettch to get them into the Country as cheap as possible; and that he cannot tell whether any Cheques could be invented to prevent the Importation of Cambricks under the Denomination of Narrow Germany, if Cambricks were allowed to be imported.

Mr. Sweet said, That he had been a Linen-draper 18 Years: That he had dealt in French Cambricks before the Prohibition, and also in Silesia Lawns; that those Two Species of Linen are not distinguishable for a Person to swear which is which; and that the Witness himself has been deceived by a French Cambrick made of the same Length and Breadth, and packed up like a German Lawn: That he has seen Cambricks and Lawns of the English, Irish, and Scotch, Manufacture: That the

Irish have a Stamp, and are carried on by a known Fadory; but, if he did not fee the Mark, and if they were made up as French Cambricks, he could not distinguish them: That, about Six Years ago, he bought some Irish for French Cambrick; that it was folded in the same manner, and mixed with a Parcel of French Cambricks; and that he did not discover it to be Irish till he saw the Stamp: That he made some of those Cambricks up in Ruffles, and could not distinguish them after they were made up; and *tis a known Fast, that Long Lawns were fold for Cambricks before the Prohibition: That he has seen the various Frauds which have been committed since the Palling of the Act: That, when the Act was first made, a Time was given for the Wearing of Cambricks, and then they entered Cambricks as Lawns;

after that they brought them in, in the whole Piece, crested; which is different from the Cambrick, that being folded flat, but in the same Dress and Bleach as Cambrick: Finding this Method liable to Discovery at the Custom-house, they brought them in the same Length as Long Lawns, which is 32 Yards each Piece, and bleached, dressed, and calendered, in the same manner as Long Lawns: These were sold as a German Manufacture, set up in Imitation of Cambricks; and, by deing dressed in the manner of Long Lawns, were not distinguishable from such, except tome previous Circumstance led a Person to suspect them: That he believes some Persons may have ventured to fell Cambricks bonded for Exportation; but, when they found the Act for prohibiting the Wear of Cambricks was not put in Force, there was no further Occasion for these Cautions; and, since that, they have smuggled them in, which the Witness knows to be a Fast, having bought some of those Goods at the Exchequer; and this is the whole State of the Trade since the Prohibition.

Being asked. What he meant by the Dress of Cambricks 2nd Lawns? he said. He understood that to be the bleaching, starching, and calendering.

Being asked. Of what Value those Long Lawns were, which were fold for Cambricks before the Prohibition? he said. They were 35. or 4J. a Yard: That they did not use to make Long Lawns at that time to fine as Cambricks at 5 s.a Yard.

And being asked. How much finer the Long Lawns are made now than they were before the Prohibition ? he said, He had none of above One Shilling in a Yard more in Value than those he had before the Prohibition; and that they would interfere with Cambricks of the same Price:

That the manner in which the crested Cambricks were detested, which were made of the Length of Silesia Lawns, and entered under that Denomination, was. Some of the Drapers informed the Custom-house Officers, that they were Cambricks; and that they knew them to be to, though entered as Lawns, by their Dress and

Bleach: That Cambricks are in general more silky than Lawns, but that is in a great measure taken off by bleaching in a different manner: That Cambricks themselves are of different Kinds, some being of a rough Nature, and tome more silky; and that he knows a Vdbiciennes Cambrick from a St. Quintin.

Being asked: If he ever saw Silcjia Lawn to like a St. Quintin Cambrick, as a St. Quintin Cambrick is to a Valenciennes ?he said, He had; tot that he had bought a Silesia Lawn fora St. Quintin Cambrick, but never One Sort of Cambrick for the other.;

Being asked, What he meant by a Person having a.: previous Circumstance to guide him ? he said, He meant the Price: That he should have suspected them by the Value, and that all other Judgment in Things of this Nature is merely circumstantial: That he has been de- ' ceivedTwo or Three times, but that he did not examine the Goods to carefully as he does at home; and he found out the Deceit by the Lawns not having the Cambrick Stamps upon them: That he does not know whether the Cambricks which are now brought in are stamped, but he does not remember that he ever saw any without.

Being asked. If the Pieces he suspected had Stamps upon them ? He said, The 15 Yard Pieces had Stamps, but he believes the Pieces of 32 Yards had no Stamps; and that all his Reason for thinking them Cambricks, was, that he was informed to, and they bore a better Price than he ever knew Long Lawns to do; and that he cannot distinguish between a Piece of equal Fineness made up in the same manner:

That the Price of Cambricks is from a to 12 s. a Yard: That he has heard of Long Lawns of 12 a Yard, but never had any of his own above 6s. and from thence to 9</.; but that he has teen in other Peoples Houses as high as 8r.*

That, if the Act was enforced, they would alter their Method in every Circumstance, and it would be worth their while; but, if the Prohibition were taken off it would not be worth while to smuggle Cambricks in as Long Lawns, for the Merchant would diminish the Value1 of his Goods more than the Duty would come to: That the Duty on Cambrick is lor. and is. on Lawns; and the Merchant would lave 8s. in the Importation, and lose 18 s.in the Sale, for that the Dress of Cambricks would render them of more Value: That, in the coarse Goods of Two or Three Shillings a Yard, it might be worth while to make use of this Deceit, but it would never be worth while in Cambricks of 45. or upwards: That the Dressing is a very eflent'ial Matter in the Sale of the Goods; and it greatly advances the Price, as it contributes much to the apparent Fineness, though there is not any real Difference in the Wear.

Being asked, Whether Cambricks dressed in a worfc manner would not look as well as the others after they were washed ? he said, They would not; for that there have been Attempts to bring Cambricks over rough, and they washed coarser, and the dressed ones finer: That tome Cambricks had been bleached at , and the

Value of the Goods depreciated 50 per Cent, by that means.

Being asked. How it was possible to import Cambricks as Silesia Lawns, which he said had been done since the Prohibition, since, by his Account, the Importer must lose 18 s.a Piece by that Method ? he said, It was very easy to account for it, since the Importer gained 50 per Cent.: That the Time he speaks of was just when the Prohibition took place, and People were willing to give more than the Worth of the Goods, for at that time the People thought the Law would have been put in Execution; and a Draper, that would shew Cambrick, and fell it for Lawn, might fell that for 12 s. which before he fold for 8 s.: That it raised the Price of Long Lawns in proportion, but that the Cambricks were higher-priced y titan the Long Lawns; but, if the Prohibition were taken off, they would be at the usual Price.

Being asked, Whether, if all the Cambricks were made, up as Long Lawns, they would not then fell as well as if

they

23 Geo. II.

22° Martii.

1071

they were made up in the Cambrick manner ? he said,-That if People could procure no other Goods; they must have recourse to them; but that it would not be worth \schile, since, in that Cafe, they must go into other Countries, and there must be other Commissions:

That he has heard lay. That smuggled Cambricks are ' insured hither at $s. the Demi Piece, or 10 the Piece: That the Merchants have had this Offer, and he believes some of them have accepted it; but if the Prohibition were taken off, there would be no Temptation to smuggle, since thfc fair Trader would buy his Goods 20 Cent. cheaper than the Smuggler: That this is the Cafe, even in Hollands, where the Duty is $d. an Ell; and that there is nothing got by dealing with Smugglers, in any Species of Goods except Muslins; That he don't exactly know what the Duty on Mullins is, but does not imagine that it contra-balances the Duty loft by the Cambricks.

And being asked. Whether, if the Act was repealed, he could prescribe a Method to prevent Smuggling and fraudulent Entries ? he said. He could not, but was lure that would not be the Cafe; but there is no Method to prevent Smuggling, but by multiplying Officers, and making them honest.

Being asked, Whether Stamping would not effectually prevent those Evils ? he said. It would be a good Method if every thing were stamped, and must contribute to prevent Smuggling, but that he does not think it practicable: That the Drapers find no Inconvenience from the Stamping of printed Linens and Cottons, which arc stamped in the Printer's Hands; but he has heard the Printers complain of the Inconveniency, and believes it might be some to the Merchant: That Stamping would not distinguish the Silejta Lawns from the Cambricks; but, if all Lawns were stamped, the Drapers would not then trouble themselves with what were Lawns, and what were Cambricks, but oply fell such Linens as were Stamped; and this Method might be an Advantage t<4 the by preventing Catribricks being fold for Long Lawns.

Being asked, What Fasts had come to his Knowledge, as to Smuggling or False Entries, before the Prohibition ? he said. He remembered but One Instance some Years ago in low Priced Goods: That the Captains of Ships might do it in the Out-ports, in smallQuantities, for the Use of their Families, but that he never knew it done in the Port of London in fine Goods; but the higher the Duty, the greater the Temptation.

Being asked, Whether, if all Silejta Lawns were to be stamped, the Officers appointed for that Purpose would not frequently be deceived, and put the Silejta Stamp upon the French Goods ? he said. He apprehended that would frequently happen: That the Goods he had been speaking of throughout his whole Examination were thick Goods only; but he never heard any one pretend to say they could distinguish Clears: That if a Certificate was to be procured from the Manufacturer, or the British Reli-dent or principal Merchants, it would not fix the Identity of the Goods, since it might be the Interest of the Manufacturers to give such Certificates with French Goods, if they could get more by them than their own Manufactures: That he speaks of the Trade as it is now prohibited, and that he apprehends the French will always be able to undersell the Germans.

Being asked. What Proportion Cambricks of 5 a Yard, and under, bear to those of above 5^. a Yard ? he said, That when the Trade was open. Two-thirds of them might be underFive Shillings;atpresent there might be more above than under 5.1.: That he speaks this from the Information of other Persons; but, from his own Experience inBufiness,'tis pretty equal, the wholeA verage of Cambricks being about 5: That 8s. Difference in the Piece would not be sufficient Temptation to introduce Smuggling, since it would not answer in any but in low-priced Goods fit for printing:

That the Cambricks, which are now smuggled in, are not stamped, and that he has been told the Manufacturers have Orders not to stamp them; but, by their Dressing, Folding, and all other Circumstances, they appear to be

Vol. 25.

Cambricks, and that be Is as positive of it as he can be Prohibition in his Judgment that they are French Goods, because Cam^c{y they are finer than Silejta Lawns; but that he could not take upon him to/wear they were French Goods r

That in One same be has been deceived; for he bought a Parcel of Goods of a.Frenchman for Cambricks. which, after a narrow Inspection, he thought to be Long Lawns, and denied to pay for 'em; but, upon the Frenchman's threatening to sue him, he was forced to compromise the Matter, not being able to prove the Difference; and these Long Lawns were like Cambricks of 41. a Yard:

That, before the Prohibition, Long Lawns were rather cheapet than Cambricks.; but, since, they are advanced 20 s.in 40, so that 'tis now worth while to smuggle Cambricks in:

v That he has given 12s. a Yard for and Scttch Cambricks, which he is sure no one can distinguish from the French Manufactures; and that the only Reason he had to know they were Irish, was the Warrant of Mr. Ellis; for, though they had the Irish Mark upon them, yet all Marks may be imitated:

That French Cambricks are sent from England to Ireland since the Prohibition; and he canrtot say whether some of them may not have been smuggled back into England, but the Gentlemen have warranted them: That 'tis impossible effectually to prohibit French Cambricks, unlds all Goods like them are prohibited; for if a Man, from long Experience, were able to form a Judgment of the Difference of the Goods, 'tis impossible to do it after" they are washed; and that the Prohibition cannot be effectual, unless the Penalty on the Wearer shall be equal to that on the Seller:

That; if prohibited Goods were to be stamped, the Seller would not be safe unless unproliibited Linens were so too: That he don't apprehend that much Cambrick was smuggled before the Prohibition, the Value not being proportionable to the Rifque ;and that French Cambricks would be diminished in their Value by being drafted as German Goods, the Packing of Cambricks being a con -siderable Trade, and they make them appear better than any others: That, if the Prohibition were taken off, it would not be worth while to enter Cambricks as Narrow Germany, since the Saving thereby would not be above 6 d.per Yard, and it would be more to the Advantage of the Merchant to import them as Cambricks.

Mr. Clay, who had been a wholesale and retail Linen-draper 25 Years, said, That he had, during that time, dealt in French Cambricks and German Ldwns, as also in English, Scotch, and Irish, Lawns: That these Goods are very much alike, and not to be distinguished in Goods of the same Fineness; but, when they were executed extremely fine, he thinks 'em Cambricks, but no Man can distinguish 'em, if equally packed:

Mr. Macham, laid, He was Surveyor of the Warehouse of the Customs; and, by his Office, is obliged to inspect all Goods, to fee if they answer to their Entry: That he formerly served an Apprenticeship to a Linen-draper, and has served in the Office he is in at present 15 Years:

That, from the Nature of this Office, he fees a great Variety of these Goods, but that he cannot distinguish.

French Cambricks from German Lawns when they are of equal Fineneis, and packed up in the same manner: That -he believes it very difficult, and almost impossible, to do it:

That Cambricks have been made up as Lawns, and Lawns as Cambricks: That he he has called in Merchants to his Assistance, who were unable to make the Distinction; but he has applied to Drapers, who could distinguish; but that no Cambricks have ever been seized: That many more have been brought into the Custom-heuse Warehouse than formerly; but these are not seized as Cambricks, but as paying no Duty at all:

That there were some seized lately, which were entered as German Linen, and called Brown Cambricks, which were condemned and sold as such; but this was in the Brown Cambricks only, and he believes no Defence was made:

That the Drapers he called to his Assistance, when

doubtful.

Prohibition

ofCttnbricks.

1071 i i Martii. 1749.

doubtful, were, as he remembers, Mr, Ptnupy ip ft, ea-denhall Street, and Mr. Steed on Tower HillThi^t he cannot say whether they were whole Pieces, or Demi Pieces that he was doubtful of; for they frequently came that Way, 25 Pieces in a Box. , *

Mr. Sankey, who had been Land Surveyor in the Cui-toms ai Years, and 19 Years a Land-waitef before that, informed your Committee, That he was brough);.up in the Linen Trade, but left it. young: That they are pome to lb great a Perfection in the Manufacture of Long Lawns of late Years, that he thinks np.honest Man can fairly swear which are Long Lawns, and which are Cambricks \ That, about the Year 1729, Yhofe Goods were frequently flopped; but since that, they have- improved lb much, that he cannot pretend to distinguish 'em: That there is a difference in the Package; but if they divide the Long Lawns into Four Parts, and pack them the fatpe Way as Cambricks, they cannot be distinguished; and that he, has heard they did so even before the Prohibition, but he believes it was chiefly done for their Exportation to the West Indies, and in the higher-priced Goods only:

That, if the Prohibition was taken off, this would be Hill practised; but he believes the l}uty would amount to more than at present: ,

That, when the Discharging Officer is doubtful, 'tis usual to consult Gentlemen of Skill, who, the Witness imagines, can distinguish them: That several eminent Merchants have been called in upon those Occasions; and, on their saying the Linens in question were German, they were discharged.

Being asked, Whether a Merchant could not enter a Piece of Cam brick as Narrow Germany he said, They might, and perhaps might lose them by that Method; for that some Gentlemen of the Trade might knqw them well enough, to swear they were Cambricks; and that, when People of Skill pre called in, they afe generally unanimous; and that be thinks the Merchants Skill is so great, as to discover the Difference.

Mr. Clay, being further examined, said, He apprehends that- Cambritjks are brought in under the Denomination of Narrow Germany: That the Temptation for importing them in this manner, is, the extravagant Price which line Lawns have been fold for: That there is a Saving in the Duty, but that was inconsiderable, not being above 6 d.a Yard, which would not make it worth while in the high-priced Cambricks: That the Price of fine Long Lawn is now ,gr. a Yard, which would be worth no more than 51. if the Prohibition were taken, off.

And being asked, Whether it was not worth while to import Cambricks to resemble Long Lawns of $s. a Yard, in order to save the Cambrick Duty ? he laid, That the Merchant would not run the Risque of having his Goods Hopped, though but once in 100 times, for the fake of having such a Trifle; and that the Goods would be. depreciated \ % d. a Yard at lead by coming over in Long Lawn Package:

That Long Lawns have not in many Instances been imported as Cambricks, but as Quarter Lawns; for that they cannot pack in the Cambrick Fashion in or Germany; and that it is a particular Trade in Flanders:

That if the Prohibition were taken off, and Long Lawns packed as Cambricks, which had been frequently done before the Prohibition, they might be sold to the Consumer as Cambricks, it being irppoffible to distinguish them, but he thinks it would not be worth while to take that Method: That it would likewise be impossible to distinguish the Quarter Lawns which are exported to the West Indies, if they were equally fine.

Efeing asked, Whether, if the Prohibition were taken off, there would not be an Opportunity of committing great Abuses by receiving the Drawback on Cambricks ? he said, There would not, for the Persons who dealt in them were Men of Reputation; and that, in Cafes similar to this, you have nothing to depend upon but the Honour of the Merchant: That, if the Prohibition were taken off, fine Long Lawns, made up and entered as Cambricks, may, on Exportation, if the Owner will run the Rilque, receive the Drawback of the Cambrick Duty; and that

that Risque will not be so great after the Prohibition is taken off as it is at present, since there will be no Ri(que of their Sale at home; but that the Gentlemen concerned' are Men of Honour: 'fhat there is qp Probability of their engaging in such illicit Practices, and that he never heard that any such Practices' were carried oq by, any Persons whatsoever; but that any Merchant, who has.a mind to carry on such aTVde, mfy do it in any. other Branch as well as this, Ipqt he neveq heard ar.suspected, that any such thing was done; and, if, they export, falsely, they must be guilty of Perjury; and tfiat, asthere is a. double Risque at present, so there.js a double Advantage; for a-Person who imports Cambricks now gives a Bond, which would be laved, and he likewise saves the Drawback:

That this Law may be put in Force as west as any other; but that he is sure nothing in this same will be ef-. fectual, unless a total Stop is put to the Importation of fine Goods.,

Then a Report from the Officers of the Customs, to the Commissioners, was read; which is annexed in the Appendix, 1 I.

Your Committee, to enable them to Hate fully to the Hause the Matter of Fa<ft contained in the said Petition, thought proper, for their further Information, to examine,

George Amy and, Esquire: Who said, He was a general Merchant, and traded thoughout Europe: That he deals in Germany Linens, Swifts and Long Lawns, but very little in French Cambricks, having never imported above 30a Pieces of them, which were for Exportation: That he thinks Swifts Lawns are distinguishable from Silefim Lawns, and that French Cambricks and Lawns are distinguishable from any other Species of Linen; but that he has not dealt in English, Scotch, or Irish, Cambricks:

That he is not a sufficient Judge to distinguish a French Cambrick tflom a ftileftaLawn, if jt was dressed and packed in the same manner, and of the same Length.; but that Jvc thinks those conversant in them would distinguish 99 times in 100: That he. himself could do it 19 times in qo: That his Rule tp judge, by, is, that a Cambrick is more silky than a L^wq, and he believes that Silkiness does not arise from the dressing: That he don't imagine French Lawns have ever been sent to Hamfa-rough, and made up as German Linens; for th Cambricks are of a better Colour, and that would distinguish 'em: j

That, in the Opinion of the Witness, they may generally be distinguished, and he believes it was never doubted till this Inquiry.

Being asked, Whether, If some Samples were produced, he could distinguish them ? he said. He could not in the Samples, but could in the whole Pieces.

Mr, Hankell,a Hamboro' Merchant, who deals in

Lawns and Cambricks, said. That the Law which prohibits the Importation and Wear of Cambricks is very ineffectual in many respects, and that great Quantities of Cambricks have been smuggled in chiefly within these Six Months: That he apprehends the French and German Manufactures are easily distinguished the one from the other; and that some Custom-house Officers could distinguish 'em, and some could not:

That the Reason why more Cambricks have been smuggled in for these last Three Months than before, is, People have thought the Act could not be put in Execution, because no Prosecutions have been commenced upon it, and the Smallness of the Penalty, which is only Five Pounds on the Dealer:

That his Rule of DistinCfcion arises from the Knowlege he has in Business; and he has Reason to think, that he could not impose upon his Customers the Drapers by. felling 'em Long Lawns for Cambricks, because several of 'em have come to him since the Prohibition, to alk for the finest Long Lawns: That, as soon as he Jaas shewn 'em the Piece, they have immediately declared that was not the Sort they wanted; That he imagines they wanted Cambrick, though they did not expressly say so, only infilling that they wanted Long Lawns llill finer, and of another Sort: That upon this the Witness has smiled, and said,

They

23 Geo. II. 22 ° Marti 1073

They must not come to his Warehouse; and he imagines they understood one another very well; That there is a Difference in the Materials of which Cambricks and Long Lawns are made; the Flax for Cambricks, which grows in Flanders, being much better and harder spun, than the Silesia Thread can be; the Thread of other Countries being thicker, and of a more furzy Nature: That they are dittinguishable by the Eye, and likewise by the Touch, for the Long Lawns feel like something between a Cam-brick and a Muslin.

And being asked, If he could distinguish Cam-

brick from English, Scotch, and Irish ? he said. He never

law any of those Manufactures, except Two Pieces of Irish, which were sent him by a Custom-house Officer, for his Judgment upon them, and he declared them to be Irish: That he can distinguish Long Lawns and Cam-briiks, in most Cafes, after they have been cut and washed; and, if the Difference is only in the dressing, they must be more distinguishable when washed thaa in the State in which they are imported: That 'tis an improper Way of judging, to pretend to distinguish 'em in small Pieces, but in whole or in Half Pieces it may be done:

That the highest-priced Long Lawn he ever Ibid. was One of 7 f. 6da Yard; but that was a Curiosity and was considerably dearer than a Cambrick of equal Goodnels: That before the Prohibition, a Cambrick of 6 s. a Yard, and a Lawn of the same Price, would have been equally good; but the Long Lawns are considerably advanced since.

That he apprehends, that if it were lawful to search for Cambricks upon Information given upon Oath, it would prevent a great many Frauds; and that he thinks, whether the Cambricks are dressed in Flanders, or lent into other Countries to be dressed, they are in both Cales distinguishable from Long Lawns:

That he has heard, that Canlbricks have been made of the same Length, and packed in the same manner, as Si/e/ia Lawns.

And being asked, Whether the Difference in the Duty, which is 8r. in the Piece, would not be a sufficient Temptation to induce Trader; to import Cambricks under the Denomination of SiLfia Lawns? he laid. He apprehended the P raft ice would rather be to smuggle them in; for he has heard, that the People abroad an fryer the Hazard of lodging those Goods in the Warehouses in * 'don, and the Dealer runs no Rilque: That if the Act was repealed, and a Trader were to import them directly from Dunkirk in that Package, he would lave 8s. a Piece by it; but the Custom-house Officer must distinguish them: That, if they were not distinguishable, the Traders must be great Gainers by it; and though the Package might at first be agreat Advantage, yet jt woul$ foori become an Advantage for, Home Consumption, as People would (con know that Goods Jacked in that manner paid no Duty:

That lie believes the Hazard of Smuggling is about 7 j. in a Piece of 16 Yards, which, at at a Medium, he takes to be about 10 per Cent.: That the Duty on the like Quantity of Narrow Germany is about is. so that 5 s.a Piece would be saved by importing it as Narrow Germany; and the Reason why they chuse to smuggle at a greater 'Expence, is, that they would be liable to Detection; for the Custom-house Officers might easily make Discoveries, and the Hazard would be greater than the Expence; for that the Drapers would have taken it very ill to have been told, before the Prohibition, that they could not distinguish Cambrick from Long Lawn:

That, if this Law was repealed, the lair Dealers would bring over Cambricks in the usual manner; but the Temptation Would be so great, that the Smugglers would beat the fair Traders out; and it would be worth while, if they were not distinguishable from Narrow , to

enter them under that Denomination:

That it would likewise be worth their while to bring them by Way of Holland, for the Witness has had several

Vol. 2£.

Pieces come that Way; and he thinks the bringing Cambrick by Way of Rotterdam is Shilling the whole Piece of 16 Yards:

That he does not think the Making up of Cambricks in the Package of Silesia Lawns would prejudice the Sale of 'em 16 r. a Piece; for that he should be glad to buy 'em in that Package at Four or Five per Cent, cheaper than the French, and to be sure they would be well known

to be Cambricks in a little time:

That he has been told, that they have altered the Breadth of their Cambricks, and is certain they have altered the Length of them, since the Prohibition; but that the Difference of the Goods arises from the Flax of which they are made;

That the Cambricks he mentioned to have been imported by the Way of Holland, was at the Beginning of the French War; and One Shilling, or Fifteen Pence, would be the whole Difference of bringing them byWay of Rotterdam: That the Expence of fending them by Way of Hamboro* would be llifl greater, and he thinks would amount to a Shilling a Piece more than by Way of Holland:

That though the Dealers cannot be deceived, yet he believes the Consumers have lately been so:

That if the Act which prohibits the Wear of Cambricks was repealed, he himself would enter into that Branch of Business; but there has been lately an additional Duty of is. 10 d.aPiece, and the additional Rate of Five per Cent, which is still a greater Temptation to smuggle: That, if the Act was repealed, it would be a furtherlnducement, since the Hazard would be less when People could publickly expose them in their Shops.

Being further examined, he laid, That he believes some of the Land-waiters at the Custom-house can distinguish Long Lawns from Cambricks, and some cannot; but if they make a Seizure, and it is tryed, he believes the Dealers decide it at the Tryal: That, if his Goods were to be seized wrongfully, he should be under no Apprehension of clearing them, perhaps before the Tryal; and that he thinks Country Shopkeepers can make the Distinction as well as those of London.

Being asked, How long he thinks it is ago since the French Cambricks were made up in the Shape of Silesia Lawns ? he laid, He thought about Nine Months ago: That, Three'Years before the Prohibition commenced, the general Run of the Trade was Long Lawns, at a Medium, at about is. 1 id.a.Yard, and Cambricks at some-

thing above 4 s.a Yard: That he has made a Computation of all the Long Lawns he loid in the Years 1748 and 1749, and finds the amount, at an Average, to 3 d. more, which is 2 s. 2 d.a Yard, and he believes his Trade

is like that of other Pepple.

Being asked the Quellibn, he said, He believed French Flax had not been Town in Germany since the Prohibition; but if French Cambricks were lent to bleach in Holland, it would be a Detriment to the Sale of them, as he believes the Holland Bleach would make theni more like a Silesia Lawn:

That'lie has lately conversed with several of the Trade, whpm he looks Upon as Men of Integrity, who said, They could not distinguish the Long Lawns from Cambricks,; but that he never lizard it till lately. ' 1 '

Being asked,. Whether the Question was eVer flirted before ? he jQiid, He did not know there was any Occasion to talk of it,' but he never heard it doubted: hat he be-

lieves they are not capable of making finer Goods, or in larger Quantities, at this time, in Silesia, than they were heretofore; and thatabout 20 Years ago they made some find Goods, but they were not fit for th Market:

' That the Consumption of Long Lawn was increased Upon the Prohibition of Cambrick, till the Smuggling began: That much more German Linen was imported before the Act took place, which prevented the Smuggling in bf Cambricks; and that he believes the Importation of Lawns to have diminished only since MidfumtneV lift:

12 R That

Expence of Prohibition of about One Can, bricK‘-

Prohibition

of

CambricKi.

1074 2 2*Mar tit. J. 1749,

That the Dutch Bleach is preferable to the German; and he believes that One-third of the Lawns are

bleached there.

Mr. John Payne, being examined, said, That he had been 20 Years concerned in the Linen Trade in general: That he makes no Doubt that Cambricks and French Lawns are clandestinely imported, but thinks he never saw a Piece of German Linen in his Life which he could not distinguish from a French Manufacture: That he thinks he should be a pretty good Judge if it were washed, but could difliDguish it better unwashed: That if a Cambrick were made up of the same Length and Breadth of a Kenting, he thinks he could distinguish it:

That before the Prohibition, a Long Lawn of equal Fineness with a Cambrick would have been cheaper than a Cambrick, but that superfine Long Lawns are now much dearer; and that, if a Cambrick was imported as a Long Lawn, he could much easier impose upon a Draper by felling him it as such, than he could by felling a Long Lawn for a Cambrick:

That he has lately heard many Doubts, whether a Long Lawn could be distinguished from Cambrick: That, if the Cambrick were to be warehoused, it would be a Means to prevent Frauds, as it would then be always seizable: That he does not know what Proportion the Bonds given for the Re-exportation of Cambrick bear to the Bonds discharged; nor does he know whether there is a Quantity of Cambrick in the Importers Hands sufficient to discharge the remaining Bonds; but he believes some Part of the Cambrick may have been consumed in England, which-were entered for Exportation:

That the Repealing of the Act would not prevent Smuggling, for it appears that there is an established Method of running Cambrick} and that he cannot imagine that People engaged in it will immediately enter into a fair Trade; but he thinks it would prevent it, if a Power was given to seize the Goods in the Dealers Hands:

That he thinks the Quantity of bonded Cambrick is greater than the Consumption in the From

the Year 1734 to 1742 the Exports to the Plantations were, at an Average, 4,000 whole Pieces a Year; but that he believes the Exports to the West- have increased since that time: That there are from 6 to 8,000 Pieces sent a Year to Ireland, which receive a Drawback,

but not till they produce a Certificate of their Entry Ireland:

That the entering Cambricks as Lawns is a

cheaper Method than Smuggling; but, by giving a Premium, they make it certain; and by the other Method, they run aKifque; but, if they could not be distinguished, it would certainly be the Interest of the Dealers to enter 'em as Narrow Germany. \

Mr. Alexander Mackrabie, a Haberdasher, said, He dealt in the fined Linen} and produced to your Committee Two Pieces, One of which he said was a real Long Lawn, and the other was called a Demi Long Lawn in his Bill of Parcels, but was in reality a Cambrick: That the Long Lawn was 4 a Yard, and the Cambrick 8 s.a Yard; and he said, there was no Long Lawn so fine as that Piece of Cambrick.

Mr. Sweet, being again called in, and shewn the Two Pieces, said, He thinks the fined a Cambrick, for it has the same Bleach and Dress, but a different Fold } and there is no Difference but what the Fold and Calender mgde: That he thinks the other Piece a German Long Lawn bleached in Holland:

And being asked, Whether a Cambrick would fell the worse for being calendered ? he said, It would not; but if it had been bleached in H> it would have been 18 d.a Yard worse.

Mr. Thomas Hill, Linen Merchant, trading to said, That he had dealt in Cambricks before the Prohibition; and that he thinks he can distinguish Cambricks from Long Lawns, though made up in the same manner, by the Appearance, which he thinks is extremely visible in die fined: That he thinks he could net be imposed upon by a French Cambrick of the Length of a Long Lawn bleached in Holland, and drafted and packed in the Long Lawn Fashion; but he cannot say he has seen any such: That there is a difference in drafting, the French making ale of more Calendering and Sleeking; and, if the Cambricks were made up with less Calendering and Sleeking, they \vould be more like Long Lawns:

That he has lately been told by Gentlemen of Credit, that Cambricks were not distinguishable from Long Lawns, but that he never heard so till lately; and that he don't think the Cudom-house Officers are competent Judges of t he Difference:

That he has had an Offer made him by One of the Persons who signed the Petition, that if he, the Witness, would take upon him the Charge of bringing Cambricks to Dunkirk, he would insure them to his own House at Half a Crown a-piece: That he knows this Person to be a Man of Worth: That he is One of his Custorners, and has owed him large Sums of Money.

Being asked, Whether he had seen any Irish Cambricks, and whether he could distinguish them from French ? he said. He could not take upon him to say that, they being much more like them than Lawns are.

Mr. David Berkeley said, He had been a Linen-draper between 30 and 40 Years: That Cambricks and French Lawns have been clandestinely imported since the Prohibition: That some have been smuggled in, and others brought in, of the Length of Long Lawns, and sold as such: That he has heard the Premium for Smuggling was 5 j. a Piece, for a Piece of 16 Yards; and that the Duty paid on Kentings of that Length is 1 9 d. and on

Narrow Germany 2 s.: That the clandestine Trader prefers smuggling Cambricks to the importing them undet the Denomination of Long Lawns, because 'tis more fate; fr, if they were entered as Long Lawns, any Man, who understands or has been used to the Trade, can distinguish them: That they can be distinguished even after they are washed, but not with equal Certainty; but, when new, they are different both in Colour and Fabrick:

That if a Cambrick and a Long Lawn were both whitened in Holland, they would be more alike, though even then they might bedistinguished, because the Cambrick Flax has a more silky Feel; but that he is not a Judge of the manner of Weaving.

Being asked. If Cambricks were to be warehoused, which were designed to be exported, so many Cambricks would be smuggled as are at present ? he said, He questioned whether there would or no; though he believes few of them, which are entered for Exportation, are used here: That he believes he is the greatest Importer; and he has always taken care that all his Goods, that were entered for Exportation, should be actually exported; but if they were seizable in the Dealers Hands, it might be a Means to prevent it; and that he had no Objection to that Method, in case they had a Warehouse about the ' Change, though it would be something more trouble-some:

That he cannot well tell, whether the Scotch and bish Manufactures resemble the French Cambricks, having seen but few of'em: That there are but Two Looms in Ireland, and that they don't make enough for their own Consumption; but that all the Cambricks he has seen, which were laid to be Irish, he really thought to be French: That he does not remember whether they were stamped with the Irish Mark; and that he never saw any Irish Flax: That he never saw any of the Scotch Manufactures that could be called Cambricks:

That he thinks he could not be imposed upon by buying a Long Lawn for a Cambrick; and that he never tried to impose upon his Custorners in that manner: That, if the Act were to be repealed, he does not apprehend that the Smuggling of Cambricks would be prevented:

That, if they could not be distinguished from Lawns, he apprehends they would run them in under

that

23 Geo. II.

that Denomination to save the Duty; but he thinks they are eatily distinguishable, for that a Long Lawn does not resemble a Cam brick so much as a Cambrick

does a Valenciennes:

That Long Lawns from is. to 4/ a Yard were cheaper before the Prohibition that) they are at present: That, before the Prohibition, a Cambrick of 3 a Yard was as good as what is fold for 5 s. now; but he cannot exactly speak as to the Difference of the Price, but they have been much raised: That, since the Prohibition, he has given 6 or £. 7 a Piece for Long Lawns, and they had nothing of that Price before the Prohibition; and he never Jaw any since the Prohibition above 8 a Piece, or 5 s.a Yard:

That he should know a Cambrick from a Long Lawn in any Form or Package, if not washed; nor did he believe it was ever doubted, before this Dispute, but they were distinguishable; and that he mud have had a Face of Brass to have offered to have fold a Long Lawn for a Cambrick before the Prohibition.

Being further examined, he said.That, if only the fine ones are brought in clandestinely, theyweredistinguishable to the Eye, since no other Man u fad u re could compare with 'em:

That his Rule for distinguishing 'em, is, by Colour, Make, and Length; but that he cannot say whether the French may not dress their Cambricks in such a manner as to make them indistinguishable; but, if they did, he believes they would enter'em as Lawns; which

if they did, it might be a Disadvantage to the Sale: That SilefiaLaw ns are risen prodigiously since the Prohibition; and that it would be better worth the while of the French to import the Cam'oricks at present under the Denomination of Silesia Lawns, than if the Ad was repealed, when they would be declined in Price:

That the Difference between a St. and a

lenciennes, is, that the latter is thicker than the former, but it is not easy to describe the Difference to Gentlemen who are not in Trade; but if a Silesia Lawn was made of the same Fineness as either of these, if would not be so like that Species of Cambrick as the Two Sorts are one to another.

Mr. 'Thomas Hilliaid, That he had been a Linen-draper 20 Years: That he thinks he can in general distinguish Long Law'ns from Cambricks: That he imagines he has never been imposed upon, but cannot say whether he might not impose upon some of his Customers, but thinks it tmpoffible to do it to People in Trade: That he never heard it questioned, till lately, but that they could be distinguished; and he believes the Persons, who now say they cannot, would have taken it very ill to have had their Judgment called in question as to that Point Six Months ago:

That the Bleaching in Holland finks 'em in Value; but he thinks they may be distinguished even the D, though that makes a Difference, but that there have been none bleached in Holland of late; and that he thinks if a Cambrick was made of the Breadth and Shape of a Long Lawn, and bleached in Holland, he could distinguish it in that Cafe, but it would be diminished in Value.

Being further examined, he said; 'Tis possible he may have been imposed upon, and never have found it out, but he thinks he could not impose upon his Customers in general; and that, in his Opinion, if he had asked the Drapers in London, Six Months ago, whether they could distisguiih Long Lawns from Cambricks, he should have run a Risque of having his Head broke:

That the Cambricks bleached in Holland may be distinguished: That he had seen some Long Lawns resemble French Cambricks, but, in his Opinion, they arediftin-guishable:

1075

That there is a Difference between Lawn and Cambrick, besides the Bleach, the one being of a silky, the other of a clothy, Nature: That the Silkiness is chiefly owing to the Materials: That Cambricks bleached in Holland are more like Silesia Lawns; but he would not pretend to pass his Judgment on Linen that had been worn.

Mr. Goodchild, being asked. Whether he had ever made any Experiment as to the Weight of Cambricks and Long Lawns ? said, That he had made several for 10 Years last past, having been concerned in a Manufacture of Lawns set up by him at Teddington; and his Reason for weighing them, was, to find how much they were diminished by Bleaching; and that he has found, that all Linens from 27 to 36 Inches wide, which weigh no more than Three Oz. the Yard, are Cambricks or Lawns, or of that Species, and applicable to the same Uses as Cambricks and Lawns, and no other.

Upon the Whole, the Facts are:

That, when the Prohibition of Cambricks took place, great Quantities of Silesia Lawns or Kentings were imported, to supply the Consumption, which continued for some time:

That since that time, and chiefly for the last Six or Eight Months, French Cambricks and Lawns have been ciandeftinely run in; and the Smugglers have offered to insure the Dealers for 8, 9, or to Cent, or even Half the Amount of what the Duty would be in case the Prohibition were taken off:

That some few have been fraudulently entered under the Form of Silesia Linen, and paid the Duty as Narrow Germany, which is One-fifth Part of what would be the Duty on Cambricks, in case the Prohibition were taken off:

That the Witnesses for the Petitioners agreed in general, the Silesia Lawns and low-priced Cambricks were very difficult to be distinguished, if at all; and that, if the Trade in Silesia should improve their Manufacture in Fineness, they might make such as could not be distinguished from the finer Cambricks.

Several eminent Hamburgh Merchants, and several Linen-drapers, being examined by your Committee, asserted. That Silesia Lawns were very distinguishable from French Cambricks in the whole Piece: and in the Shops, before wearing, or being washed or altered; and what proper Regulations would prevent the Importation and Sale, and consequently the Smuggling.

The Petitioners then proposed. That they might have Leave to produce several Pieces of Lawns and

Cambricks, to try whether they could be distinguished, as it had been asserted; which your Committee agreed to: Accordingly, 12 such Pieces as the Petitioners thought proper were produced; and your Committee called in Mr. Payne, Hamburgh Merchant, Mr. Hill, wholesale Linen-draper, and.Mr. Wheeler, Linen-draper, one by one: The Twto former agreed in Opinion exactly as to all of them; and the Third in all but Three or Four, in which he was doubtful. The Particulars are hereunto annexed.

The Petitioners then desired the same as to Remnants, some of which were disguised on purpose, by cutting off the Selvages, whshing, starching, calendering, and tumbling. — These the Linen-drapers declared they could not ascertain; however, the Tryal was made, and the Examination is hereunto annexed.

426 Martiu

VOL. *5.

Appendiix

ProhihltiOft

of

Cambrick* k

Prohibition

of

Cambricks.

107 6

av° Martii. A. 1749-

APPENC

Observations of the Commissioners of the Customs, 01 Two Acts of Parliament, of the 18th and 21st Yea Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

Proposals for explaining, amending, and enforcing, Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Eighteenth, the other in the Twenty-first, Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for prohibiting the Wear and Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns.

id, That, from and after the 26 of March 1750, all Cambricks or French Lawns thall, on Importation, be damped, at the End of each Piece, in such a manner as the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs shalldiredt and appoint; but so as the said Stamp shall describe them to be Cambricks or French Lawns.

2d, That each Bond, that shall hereafter be given upon making the Entry at the Custom-house for the Importation of Cambricks and French Lawns, shall be numbered; and the Stamp to be affixed on each Piece to have the same Number as the Bond; which specified Pieces alone shall be admitted, upon Exportation, to the Discharge of those Bonds c'orresponding with the Numbers, and to no other.

3d, That, on or oefiore the 16th of April 1750, all Cambricks and French Lawns, which have been imported since the 26 March 1747, and on which Bond has been given for the due Exportation within Three Years, and which still remain in this Kingdom, shall be damped, marked, or sealed, in the respective Ports where they were imported, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever, in such manner as the Commissioners of his' Majesty's Customs shall direct; but so that the Pieces may receive as little Damage as possible thereby; and that the Importers, and Persons who produce the same Cambricks, and French LawnS as aforesaid, shall make Oath to the Ident ity of the Goods, expressing therein the Names of tilt Importers, and the respective Time of Importation.

4PV, Thai tire Commissioners of Ills Majesty's Customs be directed to c.aufo an Examinjition to he. ipade, and laid before the Hpufe of Commons during the next Session of Parliament, of all Cambricks and French Lawns imported since August' the 1 ft, 1746, which shall not have been re-exp.orted before the 26 March 1750, and of the Stock in Hand so brought in to be marked, damped, or sealed, as aforesaid; and shall ancien t hereto Lift of the N^ttips of the respective Importers who have not shipped off nor produced a sufficierit Quantity of Cambricks and French Lawns to answer the Numbers

of Pieces entered by them respeifliv-cjy since the said ift 'August 1746, with the Numbers or Pieces each Importer is deficient in.' , ' .

5th, That the Commissi opens ,of his Majesty's Qyftorr\a be direified to deliver up the Bonds gi.vpn o; t,o be given upon the Importation of Cambnclcs and French Juaiyns^ as soon as demanded, after the^CoiKlitions pfotfiem are complied with; arid' tUat. thpie Botfosi, yvbich, shall nof have been complied, with either ip V^hole or ip.Part, shall be put in Suit against the Parties fotlie full Extent, wftfcut aftjr Favour or w hatfoeyer. .;

sith, That,' from and after the 2&thj0f March 1750, no Cambricks or French Laws shall be permitted to be exported, nor any Drawback allowed thereon, till the proper Officer of the Customs has examined the fame, and cut off or effaced the Stamps, Mark?, or Seals, so to be affixed as aforesaid.

7th, That, from and after the 16 April 1750, all Cambricks and French Lawns found without such Stamp, Seal, Or Mark, in the Possession of any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall and may be seized, or the Value thereof shall and maybe recovered, to wit. One Moiety thereof for the Use of his Majesty, the other Moiety to the Use of the Seizer or Informer; and, over and above the Loss of the Goods, the Person or Persons in whose House, Shop, Warehouse, Custody, or Possession, the same shall

IX. N* I.

the Proposals for explaining, amending, and enforcing,

of his present Majesty, for prohibiting the Wear and

Observations. '

1, YThe Commissioners having had recourse to the

2, >Adls of the 18th and 21st of his present Majesty,

3, }apd it appearing. That, from and after the ift

August 1746, "all Cambricks, lAc. are prohibited tp he " imported into this Kingdom, unless for Exportation, " and likewise to be worn, from and after the 14 Junn " 1748," conceive, that the Ends proposed by the r, 2, and 3, Articles, are more likely to be attained, if?1 instead of Stamps, Marks, and Bonds, all Cambricks and French Lawns, immediately after Entry thereof, and Payment of the Half Subsidy, should be put into Ware-, houses (which, as the Commodities are not bulky, may be done with very little Trouble or Expence) and not taken away on any account whatsoever, other than for Exportation, and not until sufficient Security be first given to the Crown for that Purpose; and all Persons having in their Custody any Cambricks or French Lawns, for which they; have given Bonds to export the same within the Time limited by Law, and for which such Bonds remain undischarged at the Custom-house, should be obliged, on or before the Day of to bring hncl

deposit such Goods in the King's Warehouse, within the Port from whence they are intended to be exported, ther/f to remain until the Exportation thereof. If Warehousing shouldin this same be approved.as the better Expedient^ the Commissioners conceive all Cambricks and French Lawns, found in the Custody of any Person or Persons after . should be forfeited, and

a Penalty laid on the Person in whose Custody the same shalf be found.

4th, The; Commissioners have no Objection to the caufipg an Account jto be laid before the House of Commons, of all Cafubricks and French Lawns imported apd exported, or.remaiping as Stock in Hand, between the i(t August 1746* and the 26 A 1750, with the Names of the Importers and Exporters thereof respectively.

i ....

5tlr. They do not know, that any Application has cvey been made to alum touching the Subject-mattpr of thi* Proposition; and if apy of*t}ieir Officers have refused tp de)iyqr yp apy the Conditions whereof have beep

complied yvilh, tire Parties concerned might have had immediate Red rest,< upon a Complaint to this Board.

fob, Answerejd by the Observation on the Three First Articles.- -y . 1 :.

n ..\

7fjh> Jlf dW5 warehoofing Cambric ^s/or French Lawns take place,' these Goods will be under the like Circumstances, except as to the Penalty, as prohibited Goods which are run, and liable to Seizure accordingly, in the manner the Law now directs; which, to prevent Combinations between illegal Importers and Seizers or Informers (as well as to restrain Oppression) seems very usefully confined to Officers of the Revenue, or other* having a Deputation or Authority for'this Purpose.

8 th,

x 3 Geo. II.

be found (and which have been brought, placed, or continued, there, with his, her, or their, Knowlege, Privity, or Consent) shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, to be divided as aforesaid.

9th, Upon Oath made by One or more credible Person or Persons, that they hav-: Reason to suspect that any Cambricks or French Lawns are in Custody of any Merchant, Draper, Haberdasher, Milliner, Sempstress, Trader, or Dealer, without having such Marks as are required, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace to issue their Warrants to any Person or Persons, with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Officer of the Peace, in the Day-time, to search for the fame, and to open Doors, Chests, and Package, and to seize such Goods, and to bring them to the Custom-house Ware-house next adjoining to the Place where they shall be seized; and the Person, in whose Custody such Cambricks or French Lawns shall be found, shall be liable to a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

9th, That any Person who shall alter, counterfeit, or misapply, any of the Stamps, Seals, or Marks, so to be affixed as aforesaid, and every Aider, Abettor, or Assistant, therein, shall, upon Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and stand in the Pillory for Two Hours; and every Person who shall buy or fell any Cambricks or French Lawns marked with a counterfeit Mark, Stamp, or Seal, or which shall have any true Mark, Stamp, or Seal, thereunto affixed or put, which has not been affixed or put thereto by the proper Officer, knowing thereof, and not discovering the fame, shall, over and above the Forfeiture of the Goods, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

10th, That whereas, by the Act, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, it is expressed, That any Person convicted of felling Cam-bncks or French Lawns after the 24th June 1748, shall be subject to the Penalty of Five Pounds, which, it is apprehended, may be construed to limit the Penalty to that Sum, be the Quantity fold, or offered to Sale, at one time, more or less, and that it could be deemed but as One Offence, it is proposed, That the Penalty shall be Fifty Pounds for every such Offence, and Ten Pounds for every Yard exceeding the Quantity of One hundred Yards so fold, or offered to Sale, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity than a Yard,

nth, That if any Person, after having made a Seizure of Cambricks or French Lawns, shall offer to compromile or compound for relinquishing of them, he shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and suffer Twelve Months Imprisonment; the Forfeiture to go Ope Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Offender shall happen to live, and Half to the Informer.

12th, That upon Information given against any Wearer or Seller of Cambricks or French Lawns, before any Justice of the Peace, he shall summon Three Persons, Dealers in Linen being within a convenient Distance from him) to examine them upon Oath, whether the Linen so questioned be or be not Cambrick or French Lawn: If declared in the Affirmative, the Penalty to be immediately levied; or if the Party convicted shall appeal to the Quarter-Sessions, or Judges of Assize, Security be given in double the Sum for his answering to the Appeal, and extraordinary Charges; if the Person convicted shall prove that the Linen so declared to be Cambrick or French Lawn was sold to him under a false Denomination, he shall be exempted from the Penalty, and the Seller to pay a Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

13 th, That no Cambiicks or Lawns, that shall be (eized and forfeited, shall be ufod in this Kingdom, but be exported again, and not fold otherwise than to be exported; and the same shall, immediately on Seizure, be carried to the Custom-house Warehouse, and there sold by Inch of Candle, on Condition to be exported, and not delivered without the Stamps, Marks, or Seals, affixed thereto, and until Security be given that the same be exported, and not landed again in Great Britain or the Isle of Man.

You. *5.

i°77

Prohibition of

Cambrickf.

8 th, Answered by the foregoing Observation,

9th, Answered by the Observation on the Three Fifft Articles.

10th, Has no Connexion with the Management of

the Customs.

nth, Answered by the 7th Observation.

12th, Has no Connection with the Management of the Customs.

13th, This Proposition is unnecessary, as the Intent of it will be fully answered by the constant Practice of the Court of Exchequer in all such Goods.

»* S The

220 Ma«

Prohibition

.?of

Cambrick*.

1078

The Commissioners having consultec! the Land Surveyors on this Occasion, t ike Leave to add hereto Copy of a Paper received from them, which runs in the following Words:

May it please your Hbnours,

In Obedience to your Commands, we have considered the Act of the iSth of his present Majesty; and conceive, that nothing can remove the great Dfficulty arising from the very near Pc emblance between such Lawns as may be worn and French Lawns, and between some fine

4 1749-

Lawns and Cambrlcks, that Resemblanci being, so great, as to render it aimost impossible to distinguish between the one and the other of those Commodities with a suffi-cier.t Certainty of Evidence to support a Seizure: Experience has shewn the Inability of the Officers of the Customs, as well in this.as. in the Out-ports, to judge rightly of t!>e Difference; nor is it to be wondered at, since the Traders in Linen have, as we ate informed, been under the like Difficulties. Which is humbly submitted.

2 20 Martii.

J. Benfo, S. , T. , R'1. R. Lloyd, Thomas Barrington, E. Gilbert, J. Keene, Meelbaum.

Custom-house, London, ' Signed by Order of the Commissioners,

a 2d February 1749. Wood, Secretary.

A true Copy.;

Wm.Wood,

\ -'

1: i

1

11

V

7o/;» Thomas Hill. j //. nry IVhe tier.

A. r. Esther a Silejiaor Clear Lawn. A Si/e/iaLawn. ' J A Silesia I awn.

A. 2. A Ftcnck Clear Lawn. A French Lawn. A Silesia Lawn.

B. a. lliinks a German Lawn; a little doubtful: If not, a low Kind Ot Cambrick: Rather think German. Not a French Cambrick \ *tis Germari\ Don't know whether Flanders or German; should think it German made up as French,

B. t. Thinks it a Silja Lawn. , . Takes ir to be German. The same as above.

0. Of the Cambrick Kind, very hke an Irish one. % . Is not Silesia Lawn; may be an Irish Cambrick. Is what called Irish Lawn, but lo like French Lawn; and infiances where could not tell the Difference.

F. 2. A fine Long lawn. tirhf/raLawn. A Valenciennes Cambrick; should deem it so.

S-3. A French Lawn, An ordinary French I^awn, very near Sihjia. A French Lawn germanized.

1 - A French Lawn. _ — t brenchc but ordinary. The same Kind, but made up in a different Way.

T-.7 \ An prdinary Valcnciennes Cambrick. Takes it to be French, but near Silesia, rather too heavy for Valenciennes. Should buy this as a Cambrick.

H. a. \ — \ A Stl*Jia Lawn. A Silesia Lawn^is near to a French Lawn as can be. A Silesia Lawn. 1

T. 4. 1 Believes a Kenting bleached at; most Doubt 1 about it of any thing I have seen. No Cambrick; thinks bleached in Holland. A French Manufacture, made upas a Long Lawn; I think 'twas bleached in Flanders.

Q. I v.ItJm*y Iriftor Scots, but more of the Carhbrick 1 Ivina than Long L<vwn. , 1 don't think it a Cambrick, but I can't tell; can't be^olitive whether a Cambrick or a Lawn. I take it to be a Valenciennes Cambrick.

o

Ao

ft

23 Geo. II. 2x'Martii. 1079

N* III.

w

»*►-

O *0

3

sr

5*

Samples. Mr. Hill. Mr. Withers. Mr. Barber. Mr. Phipps.

C. 1 Yard of Holland washed. A great deal of Stiffening in this: They have cut off the Selvage of One Piece before, so that can't tell the Warp from the Shoot; the Warp and Shoot help me to the Distinction; puzzling enough: Think it neither Silefra or French, take it to be SiOifs, but can't easily say what it is; it would answer the same End as Long Lawn and Cam-brick; could tell better, if the Stiffening was washed out. Says, Dilguised. Says, Difguised-; and, as such, can!t speak to it. Says, Disguised.

Looks upon it to b« British Manufacture, that is, English Scots, or Irish; 'tis no foreign Manufacture. Never saw any of this Kind; take it to be something of the German Ma-facture.

E i Yard of bordered Sitefia Lawn. This is a Thing I never (aw in my Life before, but-I think it Silesia j *tis flowered. I deem it a French, it is called a Lawn.

D.'i Yard o child's Manufacture. This I take to bc a French; is a Fag-end of Linen, which we can't judge so well of; 'tis saleable in the whole Piece. 1 A Cambrick. / Looks upon it to be British Manufacture, that is, English Scots, or j no foreign Mannfacture. j Takes it to be of the Cambrick Kind, English, Scots, or Irish Manufacture.

D. 20 iYards, the same as D. washed. This is greatly ftaFcbed, never saw an' ning like it in my Life; a whole Piece might be saleable for a Milliner, but not a Draper; the Property so altered,'tis impcflible for me to judge; should take it for French, but so dif-guiled, can't say what it i*. Says, Dilguised. . \: . i ' < I take it to be Swi/s. \ ' ( Says, Disguised.

A. Yard of Irish Lawn. This is a French Cambrick, there is no Difficulty in it; though I believe the Property altered, because washed. I take this to be an Irish Cambrick, manufactured from French Thread. A Cambrick. Am inclinable to think this Irish Cambrick.

Z. i: Yard bf Q.* Scotch Lawn This is a puzzling Thing; both Selvages off; 'tis not saleable in this Condition; can't say what if is, but think it not Cambrick, I think it rather Si left a than French. Says, Disguised. > '.; ' f Laid it by as a Piece disguised This appears to me of French Manufacture; a Cambrick.

M. a Yard bf T. 4. a LongLawn, supposed to-be Cambrick. This is intended to look like a Cambrick, but *tis a Si-Mefia Lawn, made up with a great deal of Art, and ca-jlendered. This 1 take so be a coarse Cambrick. So disguised, that 1 can't answer for it. This appears to me a coarse French Cambrick.

*' 1 " " — - — This is a Linen that don't interfere with Cambricksor Lawn; if 'tis Cambrick, I never saw one so coarse; may be worth is. or 20 d.a Yard; it don't interfere with Linens in Question; it has not been washed; I think it a Silesia Lawn; ifa Cambrick, the word I ever saw.

W. 1. Yard of . Cambrick, B. i, St. Quin t This I take to be a coarse Cambrick. So disguised, that I can't answer for it. This appears a very coarse Cambrick; 1 have fecn of them.

ioSo 22* Mattd. 1749

1 r R. if Yard of £ Carr brick, B. 1. trashed. , tmm Is a Linen that don't interfere With Cambrick or Lawn; has been washed; and, if should fee ti.e whole Goods in this Condition, should think them damaged and washed: Tis fit for nothing but Soldier's Neckcloths; thinks it a Silesia Lawn. _ . i Says, DifguiTeck i Laid it by as a Piece disguised. 1 Laid it by as a Piece disguised.

V. i Yard of T. 4- Takes it to have been washed; thinks it a Lawn. — — V- - Thinks it has been washed: My Judgment more uncertain; tliinksit a Long Lawn. Looks upon it to be British Manufacture, English, Scats, or oo foreign Manufacture. Laid it by as a Piece disguised.

X. £ YSrdof /r(/7;. Lawn. Takes it to be Cambrick. bish Cambrick. Looks upon it to be a Cambrick Inclinable to think this an Cambrick.

P. Yard of " ~ Cambrick, F. i. washed; aCam-~ L - brick. . r: 0 -i - £ «... w .: -:: ' 1; ' ~ . C* -.: Answer; With no Selvage; no Man in can so well tell a Linen when the Selvage is off; there is Cal-iendering in this: So disguised, that no Man in the Worid can tell what it is; I take it to be This would have been ialeable in the whole Piece, if Selvages on: I have Callendered fqme Lawns about 12 Years ago, I believe they had bfca washed; 1 don't know that I ever did, but, if I did, they had been dirtied and washed. Says, Disguised. Laid it by as a Piece disguised. Amofopin.on 'tis a Linen a good deal resembling Cambrick, but not of the Manufacture of France.

( ' S'. $ Yard; of ' ftnpcd.Lawa wj*thed. .--fa — ' This I take to be Silesia or; 'tis possible it lhay be French; if it js, 'tis theworft I ever saw in my Life;M^ere is rto Stiffening in this; I declare I have doubled in theie all along. This I deem to be very ordinaly French Lawn; This has been disguised by washing, fiarebing, stretching, ironing, and making up one Way or other. Esther Swiss or Silesia. It seems German Linen.

N

g

(a

n'

CD

Q_

rr

23 Geo. II. 22 0Mar. 1081

io8a 22° Martii. J. lT49'

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved , That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve ittself into a Committee of the whole House, to con Oder of the said Report.

Importing A Bill for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Pro-ftr^o duce of Persia, purchased in to be imported into rom Russia. t^-$ Kingdom from any port or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia, was read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Heyford Mr. Felloives reported from the Committee, to whom Inclosure. tfje gjj for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields and common Grounds called Nether Heyford common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Stow with Nine Churchesand in the County of Northampton; and for extinguishing all Bight of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a Recompence to the Rectors of the {kid Parishes, in lieu of Tythes; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except George Augustus Earl of , who has a Right, as One of the Patrons of the Advowsonof the Patish Church of Nether Heyford, to present thereto One Turn in Three, who, on being applied to, said, he had no Objection to the Bill, but did not chuse to figri-it; and Elizabeth Freeman, Robert Co/lit, John Middleton, Mollery, and

William Simon, who are Owners of about Two Yard-lands, who said. Their Properties were so small, that, though they had no Objection to the Bill, they would not sign it i and Elizabeth Devallwho is Tenant for Life for about One hundred Acres of Land in the said common Fields, the Reversion whereof falls to the Lord, who hath been apprised of the intended Inclosure; and that none of them have appeard before the Committee to oppose thp fame; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question-le-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. " _ .

Supply Bill; Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported, from the railing a Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill-for certain Sum granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein y nnuuics. tQ mentioned, to be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged oh the Sio Icing Fund, transferrable at the Bank of England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed hirnkb jepcjb to the House; and he read the Report in his Place';Tmd afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once-read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,- weife, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed~to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Wylick'* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords,- intituled, An Act N»t. for naturalizing Jacob Fan was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Meflfage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr.

Sawyer:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Westminster for assigning a Place proper for holding the Market in Market, the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient Market-

place called The Round Woolstaple; and for regulating the said Market; without any Amendment: And also

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lake* establishing a Partition made between Dame Mary , Estate. and others, of divers Estates in tire Parishes of West Thorock and Stifford, in the County of Essex, in pursuance of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue Hanaper of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper;. and Office, for preventing any future Deficiency therein to anfiyer the publick Services provided for out of the same; and for augmenting the I ncome of the Office of Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Ihstruction, which, Fraud* in upon Tuesday last, was given to the Gentlemen who are Admeasur-appointed to prepare, and bring in a Bill or Bills, pursuant to such of the Resolutionalreported from the Committee who were appointed to inquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring; and to report their Opinion to the House, which of them were fit to be revived, or continued; as were, upon Thursday the Eighth Day oft his in fant March, agreed to by the House, That they da make Provision therein for explaining and amending One of the Acts contained in the said Resolutions, intituled, An Act more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City - and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of- the Duchy of Lancaftet adjoining thereto, and the several

Parishes of St. Gilei in the Fields, St. Mary le Bon, and such Part of the Pju ifh of St. Andrew\ Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex-, might be r^ad:

And the said Instruction being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Instructkm be discharged.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to Westminster whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debt*, small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins tq, the Parishes of St. Cletnent Danes, and St.

Mary le Strand, was committed; and to whom the Peti-tiorrof John Lazvfon, Lomax Martyn, George Weller, and

John Le, GrofsSpeJftian, Esquires, the Counsel of the: ancient Court of thb Marllialfeaof the King's Houlliold, and of the Court of his Majesty's Palace of;

and also the Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Pa-riflies within the City and Liberties of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement and St. Mary

le Strand; were referredThat the Committee bad considered the said Petitions* and had heard the Petitioners on the first-mentioned. Petition, by their Counsel (no Counsel appearing on the last mentioned Petition); and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made feveKil Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to

report

3} <3eo. II.

23° — 230 Martii.

1083

report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, i» at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Importing Mr. John Pitt, according to Order, reported, from

Iron front the Committee of the whole HotTfe, to whom the Bill to c,‘ encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America', and to prevent the Making of Steel, orfetting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the Colonies there; was committed; the Amendments which the Com-shiftee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; arid afterwards delivered the Bill, with the . Amendments, in at the Cicrk'fc Table: Where the Report was read:

And the First Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Sail-cloth The other Orders of the Day being read;

Vanufa&urt. Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning

next, resolvfc itlllf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of BritlJBSail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred.

<t. George - Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Rrftorial^ the Bill forfettling a Stipend or Maintenance upon

Maintenance. Rector of the Parish of St. George the in

the Borough of Southwark, in the County of , ancN hUSocccflbrs, in lieu of TyrheS, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Sernifon't Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a Motion,

Estate. it being near Eight of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to fell Part of the settled F.slate of Thomas Esquire j and to lay out the Money, arising the reb)', in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in-lieu thereof*, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 230 Martii,

Anno 23® Georgii II41 Regis, 1749. Prayers.

x

Lake'* A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. d\. for cltablishing a Partition made between Dame Mary Lake, and others, of divers Estates in the Parishes of West Thorock and Srijfo in the County of Eftx, in pursuance of several Orders of the High Court 6f Chain* cety, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Supply Sill* The House was moved. That Part of an Act, made

Sinking in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King

Fund, Ac. George the First, intituled, An Act for settling certain yearly Funds, payable out of the Revenue of Scotland, to satisfy publick Debts in Scotland, and other Uses mentioned in the Treaty of Union; and to discharge the Equivalents claimed on behalf of , in the Terms

of the same Treaty; and for obviating all future Dif-

£utes. Charges, and Expences, concerning those Equiva-mts; might be read: . '

And the fame'was read accordingly:

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the GeabWraen Yea. 15.

who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills, pursuant to the Resolutions, which, upon Tuesday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House;'and also the Resolution, which, upon Wednesday last, was reported from the said Committee, nd was then agreed to by the House; and also the Resolutions, which, upon Thursday the Fifteenth Day of February last, were reported from the said Committee, and were then agreed to by the House; and also the Third and Fourth Resolutions, which, upon Monday the Twelfth Day of February last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to coxifider further of the Supply granted to his Majesty, and were then agreed to by the House; and also the Seventh Resolution, which, upon Monday the 15 th Day of January last, was reported from thfe said last mentioned Committee, and was then agreed to by the House; That they do make Provision, in the said Bill, or in One of the said Bills, for obviating a Doubt which hath arisen upon the said Act, relating to the Payment of the Annuities of Ten thousand Pounds and Two thousand Pounds, therein mentioned.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Cowper Esquire to settle a Jointure upon his present Wife; and to make Leafos of certain Estates in the County of Hertford; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Clift, Mr. Fazakerly, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Fellowes, Sir Rob. Grosvenor, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Gray, Mr. Mr. Kynaf-

ton. Sir Nath. Cttrzon, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Mr.

Sydenham, Sir Richard Uoyd, Sir Hugh Mr.

Liftie, Mr. Bc/chier, Mr. WilliMr. Cor new all, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Dq/hwood, Mr. Fotiereau, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Compton, Mr. Mcdlicott, Mr. Bcdville, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Marlin, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Middleton, Mr. Winnington, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Plumptrc, Mr. Hamilton, Mr Sir

Peter Thcmpfon, Sir Danvers Osborn, Mr. Orme, Mr.

DowdeJ'uell, Mr. Allgood, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Alderman Bet hell, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

Borne, Mr. Prowse, MT. Phillip/on, Sir

son, Mr. Young, Mr. Taylor, Mr. , Mr. Selwyn,

Colonel Maden; and all the Members who serve for the

Counties of Hertford and SurrAnd they are to meet

this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch within the Pari fh of St.John, Southwark, in the County of Surrey, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read-throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Rickard Stanley Esquire, a Lu« natick, lying in the Counties of Kent and ia

Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of several Debt® and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bold, Mr. Kynaston, Sir John Cust, Mr. Lifter, Lord Dupplin,

Mr.

Cowper'i

Estate.

Southwark Streets, Sec.

Stanley's

Estate.

{j

Sale of old Victualling Stores.

Earl of Pembrokea Estate.

Trevo

Estate.

Orme's

Estate*

Laws respecting Pilots, See.

1084. 230 Martii. A. 1749.

Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Bayi:tu:, Mr. Colleton, Mr. Sy- any other County or Place} and to repeal so much of an

denham, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gybbon, Sir Noth. Curzon, Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Mr. Compton, Mr. Robinson, Colonel Madan, Mr. Torke, Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which Mr. Dowdefivell, Mr. Borne, Mr. Hay, Mr. Nugent, the Office of Excite is to be kept open each Day, and Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gray, Lord Strange, Mr. John Torke, to appoint for how long Time the same shall be kept open Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Shuttleworth, Lord Harley, Mr. Wil-upon each Day for the future; and to prevent thefteal-

son, Mr. Willes, Mr. Martin, Mr. Howard, Mr. Tal- ing or destroying of Turnips: And the same vyas re-

bot. Sir Robert Grosvenor, Mr. Medlycot, Mr. Phillipson, ceived; and read the First time.

Mr. Lascelles, Mr. Burrell, Mr. Bond, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Rcfo That the Bill be read a Second time. Winnington, Mr. Plump/re, Mr. Lejlie, Mr. Pye, Mr.

Or me, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Fox, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Nassau, Sir Miles reported from the Committee, to

Mr. Taaffe; and all the Members who serve for the whom the Petition of the Matters of Shijps uling the Dude«.

Counties of Lancaster, York, Kent, and Middlesex:And Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in

they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in behalf of themselves, and many others using the said

the Speaker's Chamber. Trade; and also the Petition of John Gib/on, late of

London, Coal-fastor, now close Prisoner in his Majesty's The Lord Barrington, from the Commissioners for Pril'on of the Fleet-, were severally referred; That the executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Committee had examined the Matters of Fad contained Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ad- in the said Petitions; and had directed him to report a dress to his Majesty, an Account {hewing how the Mo- State thereof, to the House and he read the Report in nies have been disposed of which have aril'en by the Sale his Place; and afterward delivereds it in at the Clerk's of old Victualling Stores, from the First January 1740, Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; to the: 1st December 1749. viz.

And" the Title of the said Account was read. Upon the first-mentioned Petition, your Committee

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, find,

to be perused by the Members of the House. That, by several Acts of Parliament, the Duties upon

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers Coal and Culm are made payable at the respective of this Session. Ports and Places of Importation by the Matters, Owners,

or Persons having the Charge of every Coal Ship oc A MdTage from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Vessel, or of the Coals imported in the same before Sawyer: Bulk is broken; by which said Acts there is allowed to

Mr. Speaker, every Matter or Owner of any such Ship Three Months

The Lords have pafll-d a Bill, intituled, An Act to Time for the Payment of the said Duties, on giving good impewer the Guardians of Henry Earl of Pembroke and and sufficient Security for the fame; or, if such Matter Montgomery, an Infant, to make Leases of his real Estate shall for the same pay ready Money, there is an Allowance during his Minority: To which the Lords desire the made him after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Concurrence of this House: And also, Annum for such prompt Payment; and the said Duties

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for are, by the said Acts of Parliament, placed under the impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber upon Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Estate late of John Trevor Esquire, in the Counties the Customs for the Time being, according to such Orders of Denbigh and Flint, for discharging his Debts; and and Directions as shall from time to time be given by the also to make Leases of Mines in the said Counties: To High Treasurer, or by the Commissioners of the Trea-which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: fury, or any Three or more of the said Commissioners for

Ar.dallo, the Time being.

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for That the Manner of carrying on the Coal Trade by . railing Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Estate of the said Mailers in the Port of Condon, to far as relates to Garton Orme Esquire, in the County of Sussex, for the the said Duties, is, That, within Four Days after the

Payment of his Debts, and the Portion of Charlotte Orme, Arrival of every Ship patting Gravesend, the Matter enters

his Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mention- the said Ship in the Office of the Collector of the^Coal ed: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Duties; and either makes a Deposit, or enters into a House. Bond with his Crimp or Fador, by which they are joindv

And then the Messengers withdrew. and severally bound to pay the said Duties at the End of

° Three Months: That, upon such Security given, a War-

Mr. Wilkinson presented to the House, according to Or- rant is granted by the Collector and Comptroller of the der, a Bill to continue several Laws for the better Regu- said Coal Duties, to the sworn Coal Meters, permitting lating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels the said Ship to be delivered; and when the Ship is deli-from Dover, Deal, and lile of Thanet, up the Rivers vered, the Coal Meters*certify on the Back of the War-of Thames and Medway, and for permitting Rum or rant the Quantity of Coals delivered; from which Certi-Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed be- ficate the Crimp immediately makes up an Account with fore the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for pre- the Matter, in which he gives the Matter Credit for the venting Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within Amount of the Value of the Coals, and makes him Debtor the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parishes for all. Duties, Commission, and other Charges, upon the nearthcieunto; and for preventing Exactions of Occu- said Cargo, with an Allowance to the Matter after the piers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames ' Rate of Ten Pounds, per Centum per when the

Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-rar- Ship is delivered within the Time allowed to intitle her riage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation to the said Discount t by which Method of Account it and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; appears, that the Matter leaves Money in the Hands of and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First the Crimp for the Payment of the said Duties; and it Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to was confirmed by the concurrent Testimony of feveril the better Prettrvation of Salmon in the River Ribble: Crimps who had used the Coal Trade for many Years-and to make more effectual several Acts made for the past, that such an Account is settled and discharged every Preservation of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers Voyage betwixt the Matter and Crimp, and that this ft and Streams in this Kingdom: and to regulate Fees in the constant invariable Practice of the Trade: And it ap

Tryalsat Affixes and Sift prius upon Records issuing out peared to your Committee, from the general Testimony of the Court of Picas of the Court of Exchequer; and of the Crimps, and Officers concerned in the collecting Lr the Apprehending of Persons in any County or, and managing the Coal Duties, That the nature of the Place, upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in Coal Trade obliging the said Matters to return to their 15 Leading

23 Geo. II.

2 3° Martii.

108$

Loading Ports with all possible Expedition, they the said Matters, after such Accounts so regularly settled with their Crimps every Voyage, have leldom inquired after their Bonds: But although, in a general Way, the said Matters have not aiked for their Bonds, it was proved to your Committee, That Application was made by some of the said Matters to James Deacon, late Collector of the Coal Du ties, to know if any Bonds, wherein they were Obligors, retnained unpaid; and that they were told by the said Collector, that all their Bonds were paid which were become due; although there have been found since that time several Bonds uncancelled, which appear to have been due at Times previous to such Inquiry; and the Payment of several Bonds has been since demanded of those very Mailers, who were then told, that there were no Bonds Handing out against them due and unpaid at the time when such Application was made to the said Collector.

That, by Minutes laid before your Committee from the Commissioners of the Customs, it appeared, That the following Orders for the securing and collecting the said Duties, had been at several times made by the said Commissioners for the Time being; That the Collector of the Coal Duties was to call upon the Obligors in the said Bonds for Payment, when the Bonds became due; and, if they were not paid within Fourteen Days, to deliver the said Bonds to the Sollicitor of the Customs, to be put in Suit; and also that no Person should be admitted by them as Securities in new Bonds, who had a former Bond in Suit: And it appeared likewise, by the concurrent Testimony of the Witnesses which were examined by the Committee, That as it was generally known to the whole Trade, that such Rule* above-mentioned were established, and that it was the Duty of the said Officers to conform themselves thereto, the Mailers of Ships had the llrongell Reasons to rest satisfied that the said Bonds were necessarily and regularly discharged by the Crimps; and, had the said Rules and Directions of the Commissioners been faithfully observed, neither the -Crown could have futfered any Loss, nor the Mailers have run any greater Risque than what might have arisen from the Insolvency of a Crimp at the time when such Bond was put in Suit.

That your Committee ffhil, by several Reports and Accounts laid before them, from the Commissioners of the Customs, That, notwithstanding such Rules as aforesaid, upon the Death of James Deacon, late Collector of the Coal Duties, a great Number of uncancelled Bonds was found in his Office, which had become due at different Periods, from the Year 1743, to the Year 1742: That, upon Discovery thereof, the said Commissioners directed a strict Examination into the Offices of the said Collector and Comptroller of the Coal Duties; from which Examination, laid before your Committee, it appears, That the Books of the said Collector and Comptroller had been kept, during that Period of Time, in a moll irregular and conrufed manner; and that the said Officers had been guilty of great Neglect* and Fraud in the managing, collecting, and accounting for, the said Duties, particularly in the following Instances; viz. the giving large Credit to several Crimps, and not putting their Bonds in Suit when due; receiving the large . Sums from the said Crimps upon Account, without a particular Application of the same to their respective Bonds; the making and delivering in fictitious Accounts, by concealing and omitting to insert a true State of Bonds charged in the Weekly Certificates; from which Weekly Certificates, signed by the Collector and Comptroller of the Coal Duties, the Accounts of the said Collector are charged in the Office of the Comptroller-General, and from thence transmitted to the Auditors, with the said Certificates as Vouchers: And all these several Instances of Neglect-and Fraud were confirmed by the Testimony of Charles Ambrose, who had been a Clerk in the Office

of the Comptroller of the Coal Duties for Thirty-four Years; by whole Evidence it appears to your Committee, That, from the Commencement of these Irregulari-Vol. 25.

ties, which he believes might begin to be considerable Untancelled about the Year 1726, to the Death of Deacon in 1742 (which Period includes a Term of Sixteen Years, and up- oa , Uew wards) all the several Accounts of the Duties upon Coals within the Port of London have been charged and patted through all the Offices by falfie Certificates delivered to the Comptroller-General as aforesaid; the same not containing, as they ought to have done, a true State of Bonds charged; and by comparing the Balance of the last Account of the said Deacon, now remaining in the Pipe- Office, whereby he Hands charged, at 1741, fof

Bonds amounting to no more than 12,! 90. 16 with the Value of the outstanding Bonds which were found in his Office uncancelled, and not brought to Account; there appears to have been an Omission of charging Bonds, duringthat Period of Time, to the Amount of 120,000,

and upwards: But although the Debt remaining due uport these Bonds is so considerable and apparent, your Committee find, that it will be very difficult, from the many Errors, Omissions, and fraudulent Practices, of the said Collector, in the Discharge t;f his Office, to ascertain whaf Part of the Debt ought to be charged to the said Cob lector, and what Part to the Crimps; for there is great Reason to believe, from the Reports of the Commissioners of the Customs to the Commissioners of the Treasury, that all the Money received by Deacon was not accounted for; and that it was in the Power of the said,

by omitting to bringto Account atraeState >tthe Bends, to apply the Money receivedupon such Bonds t - his own,

Use; nor can it be ascertained, in many Instances, to what particular Bonds large Sums of Money received by the said Deacon is applicable, the same being received ana -entered upon Account j but, after the Uncled Examination your Committee can make into this intricate Affair, it appears to your Committee, That no Payments have ever been made by the Mailers of Ships themselves, ih Discharge of Bonds taken for the Duties upon Coals, but that all Payments of that Kind have been constantly made by the Crimps; and that the Mailers were neither privy to the said Practices carried on by the Collector and Crimps; nor could propose any Advantage by concealing the fame, if they had suspected any such Practices, having always paid the Duties in manner before Hated, according to theconllant and uniform Practice of the said Trade, from the time that the Duties were first granted by Parliament.

That as no Bonds were ever put in Suit, and the Masters were permitted to enter into new Bonds fronp time to time with the same Crimps, without notice taken by the Collector that any old Bonds, wherein such Mailers were Obligors, remained unpaid — If such Bonds should. now be put in Suit against the Mailers, it will fall upon them to make good a Deficiency intirely unknown to them, and which could not have happened but through the wilful Neglect and evil Practices of the Collector and Comptroller, who were appointed the proper Officers for the securing and col left ing the -said Duties

That by the Death or lnfolvency of John Gibson, William Williford, and Sir Maltas Ry,who appear to be joint Obligors with the ' Matters in the greatest Part of the outstanding Bonds, to the Amount of £. 100,000, and upwards, the Mailers are now deprived of such Re* dress against the said Crimps as they might have obtained if their Bonds had been regularly put in Suit, or the Masters had received Notice in due time that their Bonds were unpaid.

That there are Five hundred Persons, or more, engaged in this Affair, and most of them Matters of Ships now employed in the Coal Trade; and, if these Bonds should be put in Suit against them, they and their Families mutt be intirely ruined, and many of them forced into foreign Countries, to the great Distress of the Coal Trade, from which a considerable Revenue annually ariles for the Service of the Publick.

Upon the Second-mentioned Petition, your Committee find.

That, by an Account produced by the Secretary to

12 U the

io86 130 Marti 1*49*

Un*ancelled the Commissioners of th< Customs, appears

charged with a very large Sum, amounting to near U 'CS* £ 90,000, which ariseth from Bonds resting in the Cust tom-house, given jointly by the Masters of Ships, and Gibjon their Factor, for the Payment of Coal Duties.

That, to avoid a Repetition of Facts so fully proved by the F.vidertce on the first-mentioned Petition, your Committee did not examine into the Irregularity of keeping the Accounts in the Office of the Collector of the afore-Ciid Duties, during the time the said James Deacon was Collector.

That, in order to know at what Period of Time Mr. Gibjon first began to pay Money to the Collector upon Account, and not to the Discharge of particular Bond Duties; and whether such Money, so paid upon Account, was adequate to the Credit of the Duties for which the Bonds (landing out against him from time to time were given; your Committee ordered the Commissioners of the Customs to lay before them all Mr. s Cash Books, as also all the Collectors Cash Books with the Receiver-General, from the Year 1723, to the Year 1742: To which Order Answer was returned by their Secretary, That diligent Search had been made at the Custom-house for Mr. Gibjon's Cash Books, and no more could be found than the Three following, for the Years 1739, 1740, 1741, and Part of the Year 1742; and that he did not believe the Commissioners of the Customs were ever possessed of any other Cash Books of the said Gibjon: Then,

Mr. Joseph Luc cock) who had been Clerk to Mr. Gib-

Jon, from the Y'ear 1734, to the Year 1742, being asked,

' If he knew what became of G/^/e#'s "Books and Papers at the time the Extent was taken out by the Commission^-ers of the Customs against the said Gibjon? said. That all the current Books and Papers, which lay in s Compting-house at that time, were seized by virtue of the said Extent; and the rest of the Books and Papers, which were kept in a Room above Stairs, and not discovered, were afterwards seized under a Commission of Bankruptcy taken out against Gibjon by one Mr. Justice Cross, the Assignee: That foine of the last mentioned Books have been since re-seized by a Second Extent, and . carried to the Custom-house; but how many, and what Books in particular these were, the Witness did not know; so that what is become of s Cash Books since they were taken out of his Possession (except those above-men-. tinned, found at the Custom-house) does not appear to your Committee.

Mr. Samuel Maxwell,a Coal-factor, informed your Committee, That he knew the said Mr. Justice Cross: _That he some time ago absconded for Debt; and that he (Maxwell) had conversed with several People lately who have seen him, and who say he is settled in Business at Rotterdam, and that they believe they never return to England.

Mr. Joseph Luccock, being further examined, said. That, during the time he lived with Mr. Gibjon, he, and other Clerks, paid, on s Account, into the

Custom-house, for Coal Duties, 30 or £. 40,000 per Annum, One Year with another: That sometimes he paid Money into the Collector's Office, and sometimes into that of the Receiver General, whose Receipts on those Occasions he used to carry to the Collector's Office, leaving them there as Evidences of his having paid the Money to the Receiver-General: That sometimes he hath paid 7 or £.800 in One Day for Duties: That he paid the Duties regularly; or, if the Payment elapsed One Day, he was obliged to pay the Money the next Morning before the Business came on; being threatened, if he did not, his Mailer should not be allowed a Warrant for the Unloading of any Coal Ship till such Deficiency was discharged:

That the Payments he made on Gibjon % Behalf were always designed by him in Discharge of particular Bonds, and not to be carried to a general Account: That he knew from time to time what Bonds were due, being furnished with Lists of such Bonds from the Custom-house:

That, upon paying the Money, he sometimes received Gibjons Bonds, and sometimes not; and, upon his repeated Requests for such as he did not receive, he has been told, that the Collector was not in the Way, or the Officers were busy, and that they would give such Bonds to his Master; which Answers he used to communicate to Mr. Gibjon: That there are now Three Bonds (landing out against Gibjon, which he ( Lucco) particularly remembers to have paid; and that, notwithstanding many Bonds, paid and demanded by the Witness, remained in the Collector's Office, he always thought he might lately pay his Money, relying on the regular Entries, in his Matter's Books, of Money paid for such Bonds,- and on the Books of the Collector's Office.

Upon the Whole, therefore, the real Debt from Gibjon to the Crown, for Coal Duties, does not appear to your Committee in any other manner than by the Account before-mentioned, contained in the Custom-house Books.

Then a Certificate of the Commissioners, in the Commission of Bankruptcy awarded against Gibjon, was pro duced to your Committee, dated the 5th of 1748, and allowed by the Lord Chancellor; whereby it appeared.

That he had surrendered up all his Estate and Effects whatsoever for the Benefit of his Creditors.

And that the said Gibjon is now a Prisoner in the Fleet, by virtue of the Extent taken out against him by the Commissioners of the Customs. (

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

An ingrafted Bill, from the lords, intituled, An Act Uniformity to explain Part of an A<fl, passed in the Thirteenth and of public Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Pra-ver* *c‘ Second, for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and a'so Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of found Religion; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. x

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir Peter Warren reported from the Committee, to jt. Mvtin whom the Bill for making a better and more effectual in thr Field* Provision for the Relief of the Poor; for the cleansing Poor» and paving the Streets; and for the keeping a Nightly Watch; within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of; was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put, thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Nassau reported from the Committee, to whom Cokbefler the Bill for making more effectual several Acts of Parlia- Channel ment of King William the Third, of the Fifth of King Navigation, George the First, and of the Thirteenth of his present *c" Majesty, for cleansing, repairing, and making navigable, the Channel from the Hythe at Cole hefter to iVivetihoe, in the County of Essex-, and for repairing the Lock, and cleansing the said Channel; and for repairing the Streets of the Town of Colchester-, was committed; That the CoBuffittecbad examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

found

23 Geo. II. 23° — 240 Martti.

found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: 'Where the Amendments Were on<?e read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eariof to impower the Guardians of Henry Earl of Pembroke Pembroke'* and Montgomery, an Infant, to make Leases of his real Estate during his Minority, was read the First time.

Re/oived, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till To Morning, Nine of the Clock.

morrow

Sabbati, 24° die Martti;

Tower Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming thd adjourned ConGdcration of the Report from the Com-SouU Debtt* mittee, to whom the Bill for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of Imall Debts within the Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's of and in

the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the same Hamlets, was committed, be now read: And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Whitby

Harbour.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel for and against the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York:

And the Counsel were called in:

And the Counsel for the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard, by way of Reply.

And the Counsel on both Sides being withdrawn;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

35-

28.

C Sir Miles S'l Mr. mikinjon:

t 11 r kt f Sir Walter Blacket,

Tellers for the Noes, q

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Re/o/ved, That the Title be. An Act for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Orders of the Dav being read j Way* Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning and Means, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

St. George Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Soathwark from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling a Tythea. Stipend or Maintenance upon the Red!or of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of,

in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning,

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbott have Leave to make a Motion, it being Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Trevor* An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act fftate. for impowering Tru (leesto cut down and fell l imber upon the Estate late of John Trevor Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, for discharging his Debts; and a<so to make Leases ot Mines in the said Counties , was read the First time.

Re/o/ved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hay have Leave to make a

Motion:

Vol. 2j.

A

Hey ford Iutlofur*.

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1 Prayers,

N ingrossed Bill for inclosing and dividing certain ^-.common Fields and common Grounds called Nether Heyford common Fields, lying and being- in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Stow 'with Nine Churches, and Bugbrookiin the County of Northamptonand for

extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Meadows,

Pastures, and inc'nl.-d Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a Recompence to the R dors of the said Parishes, in lieu of Tythes; was read the Third time.

The Amendment following.was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. t. L. 7. To leave out " aforesaid,'* and insert " in the County of Northampton:'

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for inclosme and dividing certain common Fields and common Grounds called Nether common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of

Heyford, Stow v>ith Nine Churches, and Biig.hr00k, in the County of Northampton; and for extinguish»ng . JLj

of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures, an Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a

pence to the Re&ors of the said Parishes, »n Tythes. ... .

Ordered, That Mr. Fellowes do carry the Bill to tie Lords, and desire their Concurrence. 11

An ingrossed Bill, from tEe Lords, intituled, An A

for raising Money by Sale or Mortgage of the E.tat m G art on Orme Esquire, in the County of to

Payment of his Debts, and the Portion of Charlotte yrme, his Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolved,^hat the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Nisbet, of Dirleton, Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to make Leafcsof

Lands in the County of Haddi; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the First time.

Resolvetd, That the Bill be read a Second time,

Mr. Wilkinfottpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refotvcd, That the Bill be read a Second time?.,

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Importing chants of England trading to the Levant Seas, was pre- Persian Silk (entetj to the House, and read; setting forth. That the {romRuffia' &,d Company carry on a very large Trade to Turkey in the Woollen Manufactures, and other Products of this Kingdom, with which they purchase raw Silk, and other unmanufactured Commodities, and bring them in Return Riil famJCi and that Petitioners apprehend, if the BUI, now depending in the House, for permitting raw

Silk

Orroe'i

ElUte.

ElUte.

Diffemper

amongst

Cattle.

byCjQO^Ic

io88 2 40 Martii, 1749*

-Silk of the Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest Russia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port after the Rate of Four Pounds Centum per to

or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia, should pals the several Rates therein mentioned, and who do, on into a Law, it will be attended with very great Dif- or betoVe the 30th Day of next, subscribe their advantage to the Nation, and dinunifli, very considerably, Names, or signify their Consent to accept of an Interest the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures, and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence Products of this Kingdom: And therefore praying, from the 25th Day of December 1755, subject to the That the Petitioners may be heard, by their Counsel, same Provisions, Notices, and Clauses of Redemption* against the said Bill. . which their respective Four per Cents are now liable to.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, shall, in lieu of their present Interest, be intitled unto, until the Report be made from the Committee of the and receive, an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed: And Annum, until the 25th Day of December 1750; and, that these Petitioners be then beard, by their Counsel, from and after the said 25th Day of December 1750, an "upon their Petition, against the said Bill, if they think fir. Interest of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Ordered, That the Petitioners the Fellowship of English Annum, until the 25th of December 1755; and that no Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly Part of the same shall be liable to be redeemed until balled the Russia Company; and also the Petitioners tire after the said 25th Day of December 1755.

Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the That such Part of the national Debt incurred

Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers, London-, who 1749, redeemable by Law, which now

petitioned this House on behalf of themselves, and the carries an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain, be admitted to be and which shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th heard, by themselves, or Counsel,'at the same time, in Day of May next, be redeemed and paid off.

favour of the said Bill, against the Cud Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to tl'.e Levant Seas.

Tower Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Comm Debt*. whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy

Recovery of final 1 Debts within the Lower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's London, and in

the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the said Hamlets, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were severally read a Second tune; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed toby the House.

- A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for saving the Jurisdiction of the Precind of the Lower within, and the Privileges of the Chief Governor of the

and others:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

- Ahdthen severalAmendmentswere made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Redemption Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, pursuant to I Annuities.' their Orders to him on the 21st Day of this instant March, he had given in Writing the several Notices therein mentioned, agreeable to Provisions in the several :Acts of Parliament relating thereto, by causing the Notices contained in the Four First of the said Orders to be inserted in the London Gazette of this Day, and to be this Day affixed on the Royal Exchange of London, and by signifying Yesterday to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the at their

publick Office in London, the Notice contained in the Fifth of the said Orders.

The laid'Notices, inserted in the London Gazette, and affixed on the Royal Exchange, are as followeth; viz.

Resolutions and Orders of the House of Commons:

Mortis, 20* die Martii, 1749.

Resolved, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or intitled unto, such Part of the national Debt incurred before Michaelmas 1749, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of Four Pound: per Centum per Annum, as hath not been subscribed in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament,

Mercurii,21® die Martii, 1749.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That so much of the Annuities transferTable at the Bank of England, created in the Year 1746, and lb much af

the Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, as were raised by a Lottery in the Year 1747, as have not been subscribed in pursuance of an Act passed this Session of Parliament, ana shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next, will be redeemed and paid off on the 24th Day of June 1751, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the several Acts of Parliament for creating the said Annuities respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That so much of the Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, created in the Year 1748, as have not been subscribed pursuant to an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next, will be redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of March 1751, agreeable to the Clauses and Power of Redemption contained in the Act of Parliament for creating the said Annuities.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That so much of the Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, created in the Years 1747 and 1749, as have not been subscribed pursuant to an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next, will be redeemed and paid off on the 29th Day of September 1751, agreeable to the Clauses and Powers of Redemption contained in the several Acts of Parliament for creating the said Annuities respectively.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do forthwith give Notice, That so much of the Annuities charged upon wrought Plate, and payable at the Exchequer, as have not been subscribed pursuant to an Act passed this Session of Parliament, and shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next, will be redeemed and paid off on the 25th Day of March 1751, agreeable to the Clauses and Power of Redemption contained in the Ad, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty upon wrought Plate; " and for applying the Money arising from the clear " Produce (by Sale of the forfeited Estates) towards " answering his Majesty's Supply; and for taking off the " Drawbacks upon Hops exported for Ireland-, and for " Payment of Annuities to be purchased after the Rate " of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum at the Exchequer, redeemable by Parliament; and for appropriating Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; " and to prevent counterfeiting Receipts and Warrants of the Officers of the South-Sea Company; and for " explaining a late Ad concerning foreign Salt cellared " and locked up before the pour-and-'twentieth Day of

June

i3 ge6. il

24# — 2&

to$9

" June One thousand Seven hundred and Nineteen; and

" to give a further Time for paying Duties on certain Apprentices Indentures; and for Relief of Thomas Vernon " Esquire, in relation to a Parcel of Senna imported in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixteen."

Which Resolutions and Orders* thus signified and pub-lifiled by me, are to be sufficient Notices of the said several intended Redemptions.

23 March 1749. Ar. Onslow, Speaker.

The said Notice to the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East-In is as followeth;

Gentlemen,

In Obedience to the Commands of the House of Commons, I am to acquaint you, that the said House did* on the aoth Day of this instant March, come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who now are, or hereafter may be, interested in, or intitled unto, such Part of the national Debt incurred before Michaelmas 174$, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, as hath not been subscribed in pursuance of

an Act of this present Session of Parliament, for reducing the several Annuities, which carry an Interest after the Rate of Four Pourtds per Centum per Annum, to the several Rates therein mentioned, and who do, on or before the 30th Day of May next, subscribe their Names, or signify their Consent to accept of an Interest of Three -Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from 25th Day of December 1755, subject to the same Provisions, Notices, and Clauses of Redemption, which their respective Four per Cents are now liable to, shall, in lieu of their present Interest, be intitled unto, and receive, an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the 25th Day of December 1750; and, from and after the said 25th Day of December 1750, an Interest of Three Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the 25th Day of December 1755; and that no Part of the same shall be liable to be redeemed until after the said 25th Day of December 1755.

Resolved, That such Part of the national Debt incurred before Michaelmas 1749, redeemable by Law, which now carries an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, and which shall not be subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next, be redeemed and paid off.

And the said House did, on the 21st Day of this instant March, come to the following Resolutions:

Resolved, That the Sum of One million, now due and owing to the united Company of Merchants trading to the East-indies, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed

in the 17th Year of his Majesty's Reign, be redeemed and paid off.

And did also, on the said 21st Day of this instant March, make the following Order:

Ordered, That the Speaker do give Notice forthwith. That the Sum of Four millions Two hundred thousand Pounds, now due and owing to the united Company of Merchants trading to tire East Indies,m\\\ be redeemed and paid off in Manner and Form following; viz. One million and Fifty thousand Pounds on the 25th Day of March 1751, One million and Fifty thousand Pounds on the 24th Day of June 1751, One million and Fifty thousand Pounds on the 29th Day of September 1751, and the remainir.gSum of One million and Fifty thousand Pounds on the 25th Day of December 1751, un'.efs the Sum of Three million Two hundred thousand Pounds be subscribed on or before the 30th Day of May next.

Which Resolutions and Order, thus signified by me, are to be a due and proper Notice to you of the said intended Redemption-

I am, Gentlemen,

March the 23d, Your loving Friend,

1749. Ar. Speaker.

To the united Company of

Merchants of England,

trading to the East-indies

Vol. 25.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to S iil-eloth resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mtnufaaurf; tonfider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whose frames are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, w*s referred, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Mr. Tracy took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tracy reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee; td WestminlW whom the Bill for the more tafy and speedy Recovery Debii* of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within;

-or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St.

Moryle Strand, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee; td si. George whom the Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon Southwark the Reftorof the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes; was committed, be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lume> 26° die Mar tit;

Anno 230 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750,

Pft AYERS.

ABILL to continue several Laws for the better Re- l*w* gulating of Pilots, for the Conducting of Ships and respe&ag Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the Pilot* Rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of fVestminster, and several Parishes near thereunto; and for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thamei Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regular tion and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River Ribble; and to make more effectual several Acts made for the Preservation of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers and Streams in this Kingdom; and to regulate Fees in Tryals at Assizes and Nisi Prius, upon Records issuing out of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer j and for the upon

Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place n Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Qharlet the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long time the feme shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. John Torke, Mr. Neale, Mr. , Mr. Powney,

12 X Mr.

2(5° Martiu A. 1750.

Mr. Faz&kerley, Sir John Cujt, Mr. Mr. Mellish,

Sir Thomas Hales, Mr. Jenyns, Sir 'Charles Kem. Tynte\ Sir Francis Poole, 'Mr. Gray, Mr. Thornton, General Oglethorpe, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Mr. Wode-

*;house, Mr. Barney Sir Cordel Air. Alderman

BakeY, Mr. Fox, Mr. War bur tons Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Gildart, Lord Parker, Mr. Bro, Mr. , Mr.

Watson, Mr. Carmichael, Sir John Pennington, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Tadffe, Mr. Yorke, Mr. -land, Mr. Aijlabie, Sir Wm. Codrington, Lord Baltimore,

Sir John Barrington, Mr. Pltmptre, Lord Marquis of Granby, Sir John Ram/den, Mr. Affleck; and all the Gen-

tlemen of the Long Robe} and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

E?rl and Counter* of Northuml e-laud's Name.

The Lord Marquis of Granby reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to' enable Hugh Earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth Countels of Northumberland and Baroness Percy his Wife, and their Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Name of Percy, and bear and quarteT the Arms of the Petcys Earls of was committed, That the Comrhittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Dist#nn*r A Bill to continue several Laws for preventing the Cattle'^ Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst

c the Haned Cattle} and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the billing of Cow Calves} was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Cuji, Mr. Neale, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Aijlabie, Mr. Lockyer, Lord Parker, Sir William Tonge, Sir John Rams-den, Mr. Fazakerlev, Mr. Sir Miles Stagy It on,

Mr. Ha, dinge. Sir Francis Poole, Lord Baltimore, Mr. Alderman Baker, Mr. Thornton, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Mr.

Greatheed, Mr . Sandys, Mr. , Mr. Carmichael,

Mr. Plumptre; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-GeneralOg do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bili for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, to be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferrable at the Bank of England, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to Be raised by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centnm plr Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferrable at the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone, in the North Riding of the County of Turk, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Eafingwold and Thirsk; and also the Road leading from the City of York to Boroughbridge, in the said Riding} was committed} That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with tho Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

And Objection being made to fume of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill;

A Motion was made, that the Bill be re-committed.-

And the Question being put thereupon;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,j!^r' Northey,

( C aptain hrankland.

Tellers for the Noes

leiiers for thei\oes^Mr

So it pafT.d in the Negative.

Then the said Report was read.

And the First Amendmenf, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon tho Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

r

s

62.

104

Redemption Mr. Westpresented to the House, according to Order, The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

of Annuities. a g j| for giving further Time to the Proprietors of An- Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for en-nuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per couraging the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in his Annum to fohftribe the same as in the Bill mentioned; Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America. and for redeeming so much of the said Annuities as shall Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

not be lo subscribed: And the same was received; and Sir William Calvert took the Chair of the Committee,

read the First time. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Sir William Calvert reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Supply BiH; Mr. Fane presented to the House, according to Order, Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to Sinking t-oud a Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, report, when the House will please to receive the same. *,c‘ therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, for Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow the Sendee of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Morning.

Fifty} and for other Purposes therein mentioned: And

the same was received} and read the First time. The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

\ Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom Herring and A n ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the British the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of

CodFilacrit?-. White Herring and Cod Fisheries, was read the Third the Cities of London and and Borough of

time. Southwark, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was

The Amendment following was proposed to be made referred; to the Bill; viz. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

Pr. 13. L. 47. Before " Whereas," to insert "And resolve itself into the said Committee.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House: The Order of the Day being read, for the House to

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, consider of the Bill for making good a Deficiency upon

An Act for the Encouragement of the British White the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the

Jleiring JFifliery- Hanaper* and for preventing any future Deficiency

therein.

Supply Bill*, ruling a certain Sum by Aomutice.,

York Kotdb

Growth of Si-k in America*

Prohibition of Cambricki.

H*n*per

OSfcc.

V

importing Iron from America.

23 GeO; II. 26* M 1091

therein, to answer the public Services provided for out of the lame; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Mailer or Keeper of the Rolls;

Ordered, That the said Order be postponetj.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of thfc Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America; and to prevent the Making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there; was committed;

A Petition of the Mailers, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Society of Merchants Adventurers within the City of Bristol, under their Common Sea!, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that a Permission of importing Pig and Bar Iron into Great Britain from the American Plantations, Duty-free, will be attended with many Valuable Consequences to the Nation in general, as it will greatly promote and encourage our Colonies abroad, and thereby our own Manufactures of various Kinds at home; will contiderably relieve us from the Necessity we are now under of being supplied with these Articles from Foreigners, who prohibit many of our Manufactures, receive great Sums in Specie every Year from us, and are ft rift ly united with our Rivals in Trade; and that the Petitioners cannot conceive that the landed Interest of Great Britain will be at all affected by this Permission, as the same Quantity of English Iron will in all Probability be still made use of, the whole Kingdom not producing a Sufficiency for our Use; and the lole Question seeming to be, whether we shall encourage the Commerce of our own Colonies, or that of Foreigners; and that with regard to our own Manufactories of Imall and fine IronWare, the Petitioners are of Opin-on, that there should be a Restriction to prevent any Persons abroad from erecting any Slitting or Rolling Mills, or any Forges for Plating of Iron, whereby that valuable Manufactory here will be preserved to us: And therefore praying, That a Bill may pass this House to permit the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron into this Kingdom from our American Colonies, Duty-free, under a Restriction from erecting the re any Slitting or Rolling Mills, or any Forges for Plating of Iron; and under such other Restrict ions, for preventing any Prejudice to the interest of the Manufacturers of this Kingdom, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the adjourned Consideration of the said Report is resumed.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And the Second Amendment, made by the Committee to the said Bill, was read a Second time.

And an Amendment being proposed to be made to the said Amendment;

And the House being informed, That Two Persons attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information relative to the Subject-matter of the Amendment proposed '.o be made to the said Amendment;

They were severally called in, and examined.

And then they withdrew.

And an Amendment was made by the House to the said Amendment.

And then the said Amendment, foamended, was, upen the Quelbcn put thereupon, agreed to by the Housej

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing the Exportation, and the carrying Coast-wife, of American Bar Iron imported into the Port of London:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were fijled up: And the said' Clause was amended:

And then the said Clause was; upon the Question put VOL.

\ 1 1

thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A not her Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to Certificates for carrying Bar Iron Coast-wife:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, Agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, relating to the Manner of entering and stamping Bar Irori imported into the Port of London

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the said Clause waS amended:

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put. thereupon; agreed to by the House to be made Part of the bill;

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for preventing the Carrying of Bar Iron beyond the Limits prescribed by this Act:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up: And the said Clause was amended:

And then the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed tb by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing, That if; in any Prosecutions, a Dispute shall arise, whether the Iron in question be American, the onus probandi shall lie upon the Owner:

And the same was read; and, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, di-. resting. That in case any Mills, or other Engines, be erected or continued in any of the Colonies, contrary to the Directions of this Act, the Commissioners of the Customs shall not permit the Iron of such Colony to be imported Duty-free until such Works be demolished: And the said Clause was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " them," iri Fo. 2. L. 13. these Words, " And the said Governor, " Lieutenant-Governor, Collector, and Comptroller of " the Customs, and Naval Officer, or any Two or more " of them, shall alto, in the said Certificate, further certify and declare. That, according to the best of their " Knowledge and Belief, there nre no Mill or Mills, cr " other Engine, for Slitting or Rolling of Iron, or any " Plating Forge or Forges to work with a Tilt>hammer; " or any Furnace or Furnaces for making Steel, in the " said Province, at the time of giving such Certificate." And the Question being put, That thol'e Words be there inserted;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

And the following Amendments were also proposed to be made thereunto, by inserting, after the Word " or," in Fo. 4. L( 1. these Words " being already erected, " shall," and by leaving out the Words " such Erection," in the First and Second Lines of the same Folio, and inserting, instead thereof, these Words, the Space of " Five Years from the Commencement of this Act;

be

And the Question being put. That the Words tl being already erected, shall," be inserted after the Worn or;" in Folio 4. Line 1;

The House divided;

The Yeas went forth.

W-»"»*.

126. ]4*.

Way. and Means.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture.

St. George Southwark Re&orial Maintenance.

Hanaper

Office.

Earl and Countess of Northumberland's Name.

Shepfieard's Sale of Property.

Sergifon's

Estate.

iopi i 6 — 27 Mar

So it passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments Were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Refoltkd, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Sout/iwark, in the County of Surrey, and his

Successors, in lieu of Tythes, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

The postponed Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for nuking good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the public Services provided for out of the fame; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Matter or Keeper of the Rolls.

1

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mart is, 2 70 Martii;

Anno 23° Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750. Prayers.

AN ingross'ed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hugh Earl of Northumberland and ElizabethCountess of Northumberland and Baroness Percy, his Wife, and their Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Name of Percy, and bear and quarter the Arms of the Percys Eads of Nortumberiand, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Oidered, That the Lord Marquis of Granby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Loitls, intituled, An Act to impower the Executors and Trusteesof Samuel Shepheard Esquire, deceased, to fell his Houses at Exning in Suffolk, and in Cavendish Square, and the Plate and Furniture thereto belonging; and to apply the Money, produced by such Sale, as the Court of Chancery shall di-rest or appoint; was committed; Thpt the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to fell Part of the settled Estate of 'Thomas Scrgifon Esquire; and to lay out the Money, arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in Jicu thereof; Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill Recommitted to Mr. Hay, Mr: Trevor, Mr. Pelham, Mr. F Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Gray, Mr. Gwynh, Mr. Sandys, Colonel,

Mr. Whittington, Nix. Wilkinson, Mr. Yorke, Mr.

Mr. Tracy, Mr. Fonereau, Mr. Mr.;

Mr. Montague, . Mr. Walpole, Mr. Lyjler, M Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Sir Wm.

Calvert, Mr. Powney, Sir John Mr. Lord

Dupplin, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. use, Mr. Barm, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Hobly'h, Sir Thomas Mojlyn, Mr. Hill, Mr. Peachey, Mr. Lev. Gower, Mr. Fazakerley, Mr. Brookfbank, Sir Thomas Robitfon,

Mr. W1foil, Mr. Thorn hag h, Mr. Phil/ipfon, Lord Bal-

timore, Lord Marquis of Granby, Mr. , Mr. Vernon, Mr. Maitland, Mr. AshSir Peter Warren, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Robinson, Lord Harley, Mr Toting, Mr. Mr.

Godolphin, Lord Egmont ;and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Sussex and Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

Mr. Gybbon reported Horn the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate ot Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronet, in the County of Anglesey, for Payment of Debts'; and for providing a Recompence to his eldest Son and Issue, in lieu thereof; was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Bill for giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the rate of Four Pounds Centum per Annum to subscribe the feme as in the Bill mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Sir John Pennington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge,

Bridge, and Salt house, in the County of Cumberland, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the feme to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of finall Debts within the Tower Hamlets, and in the Liberty of his Majesty's Tower of London, and in the several Parishes, Liberties, Precincts, and Places, within the feme Hamlets, was read the Third time.

ResolvedfYhox the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of linall Debts within the Tower Hamlets.

Ordered, That Sir William Beauchamp ProSor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And

Mostyn's

Idhte.

Redemption ot Annuitie:.

Egremont

Roads.

Tower

Himlets. Small Debts.

tSloucefier Succti, 4c c.

}ow noil's Balia ft Engine.

Lance's

Effete.

Dolman's

Effete.

Baker's

Effete.'

Growth of Silk in America.

Importing Berfian Silk from Russia.

Westminster Bfcall Debts.

s

23 Geo. II. 27 0 Marti

And then the Blank left in thfc Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market-places, in the City of,

without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for securing the sole Property, Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by If deceased, for railing Ballad, Sullage, and Sand, and for removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals, in Rivers and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel , for a certain Term

of Years, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill, in the County of r, with the Appurtenances, late the Ellate of Colonel Charles deceased,

to Alexander Walker Esquire: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to raise Money out of the settled Ellate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Murfley, and other Estates, in the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Baker the younger, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made with him for that Purpose: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Calvert, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in , was

committed, the Amendments which the Committe. had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Dupplin reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report. When the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Morning next.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more eaty and speedy Rocovery of (mail Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within* or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, was committed;

Vol. 25.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put* That the said Order be postponed;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into Consideration:

And the said Report was read.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendtfient in Fo. 13. L. 7. were severally read a Secohd time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were difegreed to, and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 13. L. 7. whereby it was proposed to insert the Name of " Harman in the

Blank there left in the Clause appointing Persons to be Clerks of the Court to be erected by virtue of this Act, being read a Second time*

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said Amendment, by inserting, after * the Woids

" and John Spranger:"

And the Question being put. That the Words and " John Spr anger" be inserted, in the said Amendment*

after the Word " Verelft'"

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.j JJj; }

Tellers for the Noes, j /K?? } 34-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the salt! Amendment, thus amended, was, upon the Qeftion put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, impowering the Commissioners to commit any Person refilling to appear, or not performing the Orders of the Court:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which went filled up:

And, Objection being made to the said Clause, the same was, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone, in the North-Riding in the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Eajingwold and Thirsk-, and also the Road leading from the City of Fork to in

the said Riding* was committed } be further adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ord&ed, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the

i a Y Borough

York Roads.

Prohibition of Cambiicks.

Sail-cloth

Manufacture.

St. George Southwark Rectorial Maintenance.

1094 270 — 28° Martii. A. 1750.

Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, was committed, be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Hanaper Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Office, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper} and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the publick Services provided for out of the fame; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Master or Keeper of the Rolls.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton have Leave to make a Motion, it being after Seven of the Clock:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Dolman's An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for impowering T ruftees to raise Money out of the settled Estate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several. Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him. was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Bour fVrey have Leave to make a Motion:

And he moved the House accordingly: And,

Baker'* An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for sa|e of t|ie Manor of Murjley, and other Estates, in the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Baker the younger, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made with him for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. H have Leave to make a

Motion:

And lie moved the House accordingly: And,

Lance's An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill, in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles Lance, deceased, to Alexander Walker Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Mercurit, 2 8° die Martii;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1.750.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of to impower the Guardians of Henry Eari of Pembroke and Pembroke'* Montgomery, an Infant, to make Leases of his real Estate Estate. during his Minority, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Mr.

Legge, Colonel Bojcawcn, Mr. Salisbury, Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Rich. Herbert, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Her-

bert, Mr. Gybbou, Mr. Nich.Herbert, Mr. Mr.

West, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Martin, Mr. Frank!and. Sir John Cist, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Laroche, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Fane, Mr. Mr.

Peachey, Mr. Prowse, General Onslow, Mr. Sydenham, Mr.

Torke, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Rnyntun, Mr. Powney, Mr. Montague, Mr. Frederick, Mr. Fe/lozves, Mr. Mr.

A /ft one, Mr. Arundell, Mr. Amy and Lord Geo. Bentiuck,

Mr. Burrell, Lord Robert Manners, Mr. Selwyn, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Neale', Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mr.

Brookjbank, Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Left>c, Sw AIi/es Slapylton,

Mr. Carmichael, Mr. LAyd, Mr. WMr. Dowdcfwell,

Mr. Southwe/l, Mr Kerr, Mr. Lafcefts, Mr. Mr.

Ohne, Mr. Hume, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Great heed-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Wilts and SomerJ'et: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Ciiamber. 1

Ordered, That the proper Officer or Officers do lay Exports, before this House, an Account of ail tie Exports and' w Euffia. Imports to and from Russia for Seven Years past.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act OrmcV for raising Money by Sile or Mortgage of the Estate of Estate. Garton Orme Esquire, in the County of Sussex, for the Pa\ ment of his Debts, and the Portion of Charlotte Otme, his Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fane General Onslow, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Bayntuu,

Mr. West, Mr. Taaffe, Mr. Carmichael, Lord Dupplin, Sir Wm.Calvert, Mr. Oswald, Sir John Cnft, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Jelliffe, Mr. Cornwall, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Douglas, Mr. Edwyn, Colonel Madan, Sir Wm. Irby, Mr.

Lyster, Mr. John Yorke, Mr. Char let Townshend, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Compton, Mr. LafceUs. Mr. Burrell, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Webb, Sir Charles

daunt, M r. Mediycot, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Kerr, Mr.

Mr. Burrard, Mr. Torke, Mr. Selwyn, Mr. Great heed, Mr.

Hardinge; and all the Members who lerve for the Counties of Kent and Su/Jex, and for the Cinque Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Trevor's

Estate.

Praters.

AN ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Titp-ber upon the Estate late of John Trevor Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, for discharging his Debts; and also to make Leases of Mines in the said Counties; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hay, Colonel Bofeawen, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Poole, Mr. Gybbon, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr. Plumer, Sir John Cust, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Laroche, Mr. West, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Martin, Mr. Alfton, Mr. Frankland, Mr. Williams, Mr. Palmer,

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Yorke, Lord Dupplin, \Ir.

Mr. Barne, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Prowse, Mr. Fane, Mr. Peachey, Sir Wm. Calvert, General Onslow, Mr. Amyand, Mr. Arundell, Lord Geo. Mr. Burrell, Mr.

Frederick, Lord Robert Manners, Mr Mr. Carter,

Mr. Mostyn, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Bristow, Mr. Trevor, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Townshend, Sir Lud. Grant, Sir Nath. Curzon, Mr. John Pitt, Mr. Robinson, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Neale, Mr. Chauncy Townsend; and all the Members who serve for the County of Su/Jex, and for North Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lake's for establishing a Pari ii ion made between Dame Mary Estate. Lake, and others, of divers Estates in the Parishes of West Thorock and St ft or d, in the County of in pursuance of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Kynaston,

Mr . Charles Townshend, Sir Wm. Calvert, Mr. War. urton,

Mr. OJtva/d, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Fane, Sir Wm. Yonge, Mr.

Palmer, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Brookjbank, Mr.

Mitchell, Mr. Hume, Mr. Plumplre, Mr. Fellowes, Mr.

Gybbon, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Lejlie, Sir Curzon, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Compton, Mr.

Hardinge, Mr. WHiiams, Sir Peter Warren, Mr. Fairfax,

Mr. Ly/ler, Mr John Pitt, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mr.

Sandys, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Screpe, Mr. John Yorke, Mr.

Great heed, Mr. Alderman Bel hell, Mr. Amyand, Lord Harley, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Mr. Fletcher,

Mr. Salufbury; and all the Members who serve for the Counties ot Essex. Hertford, and: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Hardinge reported from the Committee, to whom fjan, ptoa

the Bill ior building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, Bridge-

Horn

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund, &€

St. Martin in the Fields Poor, fee.

Mostyn't

EOate.

Colchester Chanel Navigation, See

23 Geo. II. 28° Martii.

io95

from Hampton Court, in the County of Middlesex, to East Moulsey, in the County of Surrey, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

grossed.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven, hundred and Fifty; and for other Pbrpoles therein mentioned j was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill fortnaking a better and more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor; for the cleansing and paving the Streets; and for the keeping a Nightly Watch; within the Parish of Saint Martin in the , within the Liberties of the City of was read

the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for making a better and more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor; for the cleansing the Streets; and for the keeping a Nightly Watch; within the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Warren do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Moflyn Baronet, in the County of for Payment

of Debts; and for providing a Recompence to his eldest Son and Issue, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gybbon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Executors and Trustees of Shep-

heard Esquire, deceased, to fell his Houses at in

Suffolk, and in Cavendish-Square, and the Plate and Fur-

niture thereto belonging; and to apply the Money, produced by such Sale, as the Court of Chancery shalldireft or appoint; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Dupplin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered I /bean InRruftion tU'the Committee,

to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Dillemper which now rages amongst 1 the . Horned Cattle* and tbriinpowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing, of Cow C{tlycs; is committed j That they have Power to receive a Ciaule or Clauses to explain, amend,-andenforce, the said Laws.

- An ingrossed Bill for encouraging the Gjowth and Culture'of raw Silk ia his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be.made to the . Bill; viz. j.

Pr. 3. L. 8. After " grant," to insert " without Fee " or Reward

L. 3a. After " fame," to insert " without Fee " or Reward."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for encouraging the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America.

Ordered, That Sir William Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch; within the Parish of Saint John, Southwark, in: the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

' Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

be, An Act for enlightening 'the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Paflazes, and Courts; and' for the better regulating the Nightly‘Watch; within the Parish of John, Southwark, in the County of Surry.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. . "

Shepheard's Sale of Property.

Distemper

amongst

Cattle.

Growth of

Silk in America.

1

Southwark Streets,

' An ingrossed Bill for making more effectual several Acts of Parliament of King William the Third, of the Fifth of King George the First, and of the Thirteenth of his present Majesty, lor cleansing, repairing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex-, and for repairing the Lock, and cleansing the said Chanel; and for repairing the Streets of the Town of Colchester; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 10. L. 24. After "Security," to insert " to the said Commissioners, or any Three of th.em L. 27, 28. To leave out " before such Commissioners, or any Three of them."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And die Bill was amended at the Table accordingly* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making more effectual several Acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, in the County of Essex; and repairing and cleansing the Streets and Lanes of the Town of Colchester.

Ordered, That Mr. Naffaii do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

1 Vot. 25.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the: Committee, k,wtrefpea. ti> whom the Bill to continue several Laws for the better ing Pilots, Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and *c* Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of aip the

Rivers Thames and Medway and for permitting ltum or Spirits of the British Sugar. Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurentent ol Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and the several Parishes near thereunto; and for preventing Kxactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward, and iqp ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Prefer vat ion ot Salmon in the River;

and to make more effectual several Acts made for the Preservation of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers and Streams in this Kingdom; and to regulate Fees in Trials ar AlFizes and Niftprius, upon Records fining out of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles

the

1096

28° Ma

A \ 1756*

the Second* as relates to the 'time during which the Office of Excite is to kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; is committed; That they have Power to make Provision, in the said Bill, That any Person who hath already been, or shall be, sworn, admitted* and inrolled, a Sollicitor in any of his Majesty's Courts of Equity at Westminster, pursuant to an Act, rhade in the Second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Sollicitors, may be sworn, admitted, and inrolled, an Attorney of his Majesty's Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas at Westminster, if such Sollicitor shall, in every other respect, be a fit Person, and duly qualified to be sworn, admitted, and inrolled, an Attorney of such Court, in pursuance of the said Act, and of the other Laws now in being.

Importing A Petition of the Matters, Wardens, and Commonalty,

Iron from of Cutlers, in Rallamshire, in the County of York, was

America. presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners are of Opinion, That the BUI, depending in the House, for the Encouragement of the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from Ameriwill be a national Good, by preserving One of the most valuable Branches of Trade to this Kingdom, without which, the Petitioners apprehend, we shall always be subject to the Interestor Resentment of foreign Powers, to exact what Price and (end what Quantity they please; and that the Iron is at present advanced near Forty Shillings a Ton; and that, by a moderate Computation, there is not more than One-third Part of what is consumed made here; and, in case of a Stop to the Importation thereof in time of War, or by any other means, it must consequently be of very great Prejudice to this Kingdom, particularly to the Manufacturers in the said County, and other Places, by lessening the Quantity of Goods manufactured there (on which fe-veral Thousand Families depend) which will not be equal to the Demand for them; and that, of course, those who can be no longer supplied from hence, must be obliged to procure them from other Parts, or introduce the Making of them for themselves; but that, if the said Bill pafles into a Law, the Petitioners are thereby encouraged to expect, that, by rendering them independent of their arbitrary Neighbours in this respedb, it will enable them to extend their Manufactures, so as wholly to supply those that now only draw from this Kingdom a Part of the Articles they have need of in this way: And therefore praying the House to take such Measures therein, as to secure the Petitioners a sufficient Quantity of Materials for the carrying on their Manufactories, and yet prevent the Removing of them to Ameras the House shall think fit.

Ot'dered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Sail-cloth Mr. f'racy, according to Order, reported, from the Manufacture. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same wete read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Manufacture of British Sail-cloth, which has been greatly extended and improved by the Encouragement and Bounty given by Parliament, has of late greatly decrcafed.

Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Fund, out of which the Bounty is given upon the Exportation of British Sail-cloth, hath of late, been deficient, which has contributed to the Decay of the said Manufacture.

Resolvetd \That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the large Bounty, and other Advantages, granted

by the Parliament of Ireland, ori Sail-cloth Made in that Kingdom, of which considerable Quantities have been imported into, and consumed in, Great , are Dif-

couragements to the Improvement of the said Manufacture in this Kingdom, and contribute to the present Decay thereof.

Resolvetd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Bounty upon the Exportation of British Sailcloth, and which is now payable out of the Duty of One Peny per Ell on foreign Sail-cloth imported, do (land charged upon, and be made payable out of, the Customs.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Four Pence per Yard be laid upon all Sail-cloth of the Value of Fourteen Pence, and upwards, a Yard, and a Duty of Two Pence per Yard upon all Sail-cloth of the Value of Ten Pence, and not exceeding Fourteen Pence a Yard, imported from into Great Britain.

The First Resolution of the Committee being read a Second time;

It was proposed to amend the said Resolution* by leaving out the Words " of late greatly," and adding, at the End of the said Resolution, these Words, " from " what it was during the Continuance of the War:" -

And the Question being put. That the Words " of " late greatly" stand Part of the said Resolution;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Second Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Third Resolution of the Committee, being read x Second time, was postponed.

The Fourth Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The last Resolution of the Committee, being read a Second time, was postponed.

Ordered, That the said Report, so far as it relates to the First, Second, Third, and Fifth, of the said Resolutions, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to Way* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, Thar this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Hanaper to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the publick Services provided for out of the same; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Matter or Keeper of the Rolls; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the several Papers presented to the House this Session of Parliament, relating to the Hanaper-Office, and to the Duties granted for the Relief of the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered,

23 Geo. II. a8° — 290

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Uncanc«l!ed The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve.itself into a Committee of the whole House, to o utic*. Qf the Report from the Committee, to whom

the Petition of the Masters of Ships using the Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of many others using the said Trade; and also the Petition of late of,

Coal-fastor, now close Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet; were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Redemption The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon

nui tea. gjj for giving further Time to the Proprietors of

Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to subscribe the same as in the Bill mentioned; and for redeeming so much of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Westminster The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the Small Debt*, adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of which lies within, or adjoin to, the Parishes of 5/. Ctement Danes and St. Mary le , was committed;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Profcibitioa The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to am ne ». ^jpg^er Qf the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and , and Borough of

Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was

referred;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The other Order of the Day being read j Sk. George The House proceeded to take into further Considera-Southwark tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill

ReAorial for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector

Maintenance. the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surry, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the

laid Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis, 29* Mar tit;

Anno 23* Georgii IP1 Regis, 1750. Prayers.

Needham'*, A/f R- Lyster reported from the Committee, to whom

Ac. 1V1 the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, and Anne his Wife, John Lethe Esquire, and Vol. 25.

Martii. 1O9 7

Mary his Wife, aid Elizabeth Hifrlejton, for1 discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes: therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Rill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several-Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 23. After " Lordship," insert " or reputed " Manors or Lordships

Pr. 9. L. 36. After " Manors," insert " or reputed " Manors

Pr. jo. L. 28. After " Manors," insert " or Lordships, or reputed Manors dr Lordships

Pr. 12. L. 14. After " should," insert " alone:"

Pr. 13. L. 1. After "Manors," mfert "or reputed " Manors

Pr. 14. L. 32. After "Manors," iufert " or reputed " Manors:"

Pr. 16. L. 39. After "Manors," insert "or reputed " Manors:"

Pr. 17. L. 3. After "Manors," insert "or reputed " Manors:"

Pr. 17. L. 38. After " Manors," insert " or reputed " Manors:"

Pr. 18. L. 11. After " Lordship," insert " or reputed " Manor or Lordship:"

L. 19. After "Lordship," insert "or reputed1 Manor or Lordship:"

Pr. 19. L. 13. After " Manors," insert " or reputed " Manors:"

L. 16. After " Manor," insert "or reputed

" Manor:"

L, 34. After " Manors," insert " or reputed " Manors:"

L. 44. After " Manors," insert" or reputed " Manors:"

Pr. 20. L. 11. After " Lordships," insert " or reputed Manors or Lordships:"

L. a8. After " Lordship," insert " or reputed " Manors or Lordships:"

Pr. 21. L. 9. After " he," insert "fhe:"

L. 37. After " Twelft h," insert " Day Pr. 22. L. 1. After "Thirty-full," insert " Day The said Amendments, heing severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Plymouth Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wtit* Electing of a Burgess to serveJn this present Parliament for the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon, in the room of the Right Honourable FereBeauclerkEtcpfxre, commonly called Lord Fere Beauclerk, now Baron Fere of Hanworth, called up to the House of Peers.

An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Hampton Court, in the County of Middle- n ge‘ sex, to East Moulsey ,in the County of Surrey, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Hampton Court, in the County of to East Moulsey, in the County of Surrey.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for settlinga Stipend or Maintenance st. George upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Ma'tyr, Southwark in the Borough of Southwark, in- the County of Surrey, and his Successors,. in lieu of Tythes, was read the Third *lAteD4nc* time.

12 Z . Resolved,

1098 39° Martiu A. 1750.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the Parish of George the in

the Borough of Southwark., in the County of Surrey, and his Success'ors, in lieu of Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. d carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nifcei's An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to ena5]e Nijbet, of Dirletou, Esquire, and the

Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to make Leases of Lands in the County of Haddington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hugh Dalrymple, Sir John Peachey, Sir William Calvert, S\rCharles

Vernon, Mr. Compton, Mr. , Mr. Lyfler, Mr.

Burrell, Mr. Pinney, Lord Egmont, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr.

Kynaston, Mr. Carmichael, Sir Curzon, Mr

Sir John Cujl, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Fellowes, Mr. shornhagh,

Mr. Gray, Mr. Webb, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. , Mr.

Maitland, Mr. Kerr, Mr. Nugent, Mr. Winning ton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Bacon, Sir Walter Blacket, Mr.

Mr. Metcalfe, Mr. Fazafcerley, Mr. Wilson, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Sir Janies'

Johnston, General Onslow, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mr.

Gwynn, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Chaitncey; and all the

Members who serve for North Britain: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Redemption Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House of to resolve itself into a Committee.of the Whole House, Annuities. Upon the Hill for giving further time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to subscribe the same as in the Bill mentioned -? and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as flull not tie lb subscribed; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lyttelton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

Mr. Lyttelton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made l'everal Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,' when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane.

Mr. Speaker,

Haddingtoun The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,- An Act Roads. for repairing the Roads leading from Dunglas Bridge to the Town of Haddingtoun, and from thence to Raven-fhaughburn, in the County of Haddingtoun, without any Amendment: And also,

Churchill's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Estate. investing Part of the personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled ' pursuant to an Agreement in the Settlement made on

the Marriage of Charles Churchill junior; Esquire, with the Lady Maria Walpole: To which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

i ‘

Importing A Petition of the Ironmongers, Hingo-makers, Nail-Iron from makers, Lock-makers, Hoc-makers, Smiths; and others, America. in ' Ashton, Co'wheut, West-Leigh, and Towns'adjacent,

and in Warrington, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and many Thousands more employed in the different Branches of the Iron Manufactory, was presented to the House, and read; alleging. That the Petitioners conceive the Bill, now depending in the House, to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar I ron from America; and to prevent the Making of

Steel, or erecting Slitting or Rolling Mills and Plating Forges; if properly guarded by the Restrictions proposed, which, the Petitioners apprehend, is intirely to prevent the Americans manufacturing any Wares out of the Bar or Pig, by such Means and in such Manner, as the House shall seem meet, shall pass into a Law, it will greatly tend to the Advantage of the Nation in general, as well as his Majesty's Colonies abroad and our Iron Manufactures in particular; and that the Petitioners have experienced, that what Pig Iron has been imported from America, and made into Bar here, far exceeds the Swedes Iron, which the Petitioners are frequentlyunderaNeceflity to work large Quantities of, and that very much to their Di&dvantage, for want of having a sufficient Supply of English Iron, of which small Quantities are made in proportion to what would be used; and is a very great Encouragement to the Swedes, who take only our Specie in Return; and that the Petitioners apprehend the Importing of Pig and Bar Iron from America would be of great Benefit to our Commerce, and would very much facilitate our Returns from thence, the want of which has been found very detrimental to Trade j whereas eitherof these Articles, being of so extensive and general Ule, are always at a Market; and that, with regard to our Navigation, the Petitioners conceive it would be of singular Advantage, being extremely well suited for Baliaft and Lading, and would expedite the Dispatch of any Commodities we import; and that as the Importation of American Pig and Bar Iron mull; of course take place of the Consumption of Swediflt, these will be as much or more English worked as heretofore, and therefore can be of no Detriment to the Gentlemen Wood^owners in this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Hanaper Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Office, making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the publick Services provided for out of the fame; and for augmenting the Income of :the Office oEMaster of-Keeper of the Rolls; was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Ame.ndments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fftterally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be bgrossed. '

ii,

A Petition of several Wharfingers, and Dealers in Coals, Westminster whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on behalf of them- Land Coal selves, and others, within the City and Liberty of West- Mcters-minster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster adjoining thereto, and in the Parish of St. Mary le Bon,.and such Part of the Parish of St.

Andrew Holborn as lies in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, ai)d read; letting forth, That; by an Act of the Nineteenth Year of his present Majesty, the more effectually to prevent the Frauds and Abuses committed in the Admeasurement of Coals, i; is (amongst other Things; Enacted, That a publick Office should be and continue within thvXity. and Liberty and other the said L'mits thereof, wh'ch should be called the Land Coal Meters Office, from time to time to be managed by Two Persons. nominated and appointed by his Majesty," his Heirs and Successors, who were to be called the principal Land Coal Meters for the said City and Liberty; and they were to keep an open Officp, and appoint labouring Coal Meters, in such Manner, and ' at such-Times, as in the said Act is mentioned and directed-; and that, by the before-mentioned Act, there is not any! Penalt^ either upon the principal Land Coal

Meters,

13 Geo. II. ho* Mhrtii,

Meters, in case they shall neglect or refuse to keep open their Office during the Time by the said Act appointed, or shall refuse or neglect to station the labouring Coal Meters at the Wharfs, Warehouses, or other Places of Sale of Dealers in Coals, within the said City, Liberty, and Limits, aforesaid; or upon the labouring Coal Meters, in case they shall refuse or neglect to attend the Times aforesaid; whereby the Petitioners, for want of stationing labouring Meters in manner as by the said Act is directed, have sustained, and are daily liable to sustain, great Losses; whereas, if sufficient Penalties were appointed, and the principal Land Coal Meters were to be made liable to answer for the Neglect of the labouring Coal Meters by them appointed, and if the proper Land Coal Meters were to give Security for the faithful Discharges of their Duty (as the Petitioners conceive they ought to do, in regard to the Importance of their Trust) the Petitioners would then be able to obtain Satisfaction for the Losses' they may sustain by means of such Ne-glefts; and that, by reason of the Matters above complained . ., the Petitioners are not only greatly aggrieved and injured in their Property, but are liable to large Penalties by the said Act, in case they send out Coals without the Inspection of a Meter: And setting forth. That in the Bill presented to the House, upon the Report from the Committee who were appointed toinquir^what Laws were near expired, in which the Petitioners find a Clause

comprised to continue the said Act for a further Term: And therefore praying. That the Petitioners may be heard by themselves, or their Counsel, touching the Continuance of the said Law, as it now (lands, or that they may have such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from , and

Iste of Thanet, up the Rivers Thames and Medway, and flirt- permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and fur preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Jter,'and the several Parishes near thereunto; and for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen ' in the Merchants Service; and also to amend lb much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River; and to make

more effiftual several Acts made for the better Preserva-fion of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers and Streams in this Kingdom; and to regulate Fees in Tryals at Assizes in Nisi Prius upon Records issuing out of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer, and for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants gramed by Justices of the Peace'in arty other County or Place; and to repeal so much.of in Act, made in the Tweifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; is committed: And that the Petitioners, if they think fit, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition.

Ordered \That it be an Instructi n to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses to oblige the principal Land Coal Meters to station labouring Coal Meters at ihe several Wharfs and Warehouses, on the'Days, and at the Times and Places, in the before-mentioned Act, to do their Duty, as by the said Act is directed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mackay', Mr. , Mr. Bro-die, Mr. Richards, Mr. Sydenham, Sir Peter tVarren, Mr. Lozvndes, Mr. WinningtonMr. Cooke, be added to the said Committee.

Vol. 25.

An ingrossed Bill to encoorige she Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America', and to prevent:the Making of Steel, or setting up Slitting Mills or Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there; was read the Third time.

Ah ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, byway of Rider, requiring the Governor of each Colony to transmit a Certificate of the Number of Mills, tsV. in his Colony::

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which were filled up:

And then the said Clause was read the Third time; and, being amended, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be aidded to the Bill by way of Rider.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider, to prevent the Carrying of flit or rolled Iron from the Port of London:

And the same was twice read:

And a Debate arising in the House upon the said

Clause;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjoutned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Lord Dupplin, according to Order, reported,

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in RtiJJia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Rujia, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Report be now read.

Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in:

And feme of the Petitioners the Fellowship of Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company; and also some of the Petitioners the

Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers, London, who petitioned this House on behalf of themselves, and the Silk Manufacturers of Great Britain; w ere also called ih:

And the said Report was read:

And the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England, trading to the Levant Seas, Was also read:

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard; and examined several Witnesses, and produced Evidence, in Support of the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants of England trading to the Levant Seas:

And the Counsel against the Bill having gone through their Evidence;

Some of the Petitioners the Fellowship of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, commonly called the Russia Company, were heard; and examined a Witness in favour of the said Bill:

And some of the Petitioners the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Trade, Art, and Mystery, of Weavers, London, were heard; and examined' several Witnesses, and went through their Evidence, in favour of the said Bill:

And One of the Counsel against the Bill having been heard by way of Reply;

The Counsel against the Bill, and the said Petitioners, were directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, be now read a Second time.

And the First Amendment, made by the Coriimittee to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That-the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question pur thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill, being severally read a Secondtime,

Importing Iron ftoflft America.

Importing Persian Silk from Russia.

Uniformity of publick Prayer'* &c.

York Roads.

Ways and Mean*

Westminster Small Debts.

Prohibition

ofCambricks.

Churchill's

EUate.

Needham's, Uc. Estate.

iioo 19* — 30° Mar Hi. A. 1750.

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved , That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingossed Bill, from the Lords intituled, An Act to explain Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and also Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for the Ministers of the Church to be of found Religion.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton , in the North-Riding in the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Ea/ingwold and Thirsk; and also the Road leading from the City of York to Boroughbridge in the said Riding; was committed; be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more ea(y and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, was committed, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and IV, and Borough of Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Veneris, 30* Martii j Anno 23* Georgii II. Regis, 1750. Prayers.

AN ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled pursuant to an Agreement in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles junior, Esquire,

with the Lady Maria Walpole, was read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, and Anne his Wife, John Leche Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and Elizabeth Hyrleston, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lyster do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Roads Egremont leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, Roarf* and Sallhou/e, in the County of Cumberland, was read, the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be.

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Bridge, Santon , and

Salthou/e, in the County of Cumberland.

Ordered, That Sir John Pennington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply Bill; to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum un or Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven , hundred and Fifty; and for other Purposes therein men- , tioned; be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordaed, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contrafts of Clerks and Apprentices.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses for enforcing the Laws against the clandestine Running of Soap, Candles, and Starch, into this Kingdom.

The House was moved. That the Fourth Resolution, which, upon Wednesday last, was reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of British Sail-cloth, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred, might be read:

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That the Bounty upon the Exportation of " British Sail-cloth, and which is now payable out of the " Duty of One Peny per Ell on foreign Sail-cloth imported, do stand charged upon, and be made payable " out of, the Customs."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

That they have Power to receive a Clause or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingossed Bill for making good a Deficiency upon Hamper the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Office. Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency there-in, to answer the publick Services provided for out of the fame; and for augmenting the ^Income of the Office of Master or Keeper of the Rolls; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to answer the publick Services provided for out of the fame; and 84 for

2J Geo. II. 300 — ^3 r I fOi

for augmenting the Income of the Office of Msftef cm? Keeper of the Rolls.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence.

Redemption Mr. Lyttelton, according to Order, reported from the of Annuities. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill f6f giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the Rate of Four P unds per Centum per Annum to feb-feribe the same as in the Bill mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so fub-fcrtbed, was committed; the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, With the Amendments, in at the ChirkY Table.

Ordered, That the said Repot the taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ways Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

sad Means. refohe itself into a Committee the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly; f Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee* ,

Importing The House, according to Order, resumed the adjourned

America? Debate upon the Clause which was Yesterday offered to be adeled, by way of Rider, to the Bill to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from America-, and to prevent the making of Steel, or fitting up Slitting Mills of Rolling Mills in the British Colonies there:

And the said Clause was, with the Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And another ingrossed Clause, to the same Effect as the former which had been withdrawn, was offered to be added to the Bill, by way of Rider:

And the said Clause was brought up, and once read: And the Question being:put, That the said Clause be read a Sec >nd time;

It passed in the Negative.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 25. To leave out "on board of which," and insert " laden with :"

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title be. An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his MajestyY Colonies in; and to

prevent the Erection of any Mill, or other Engine, for Slitting or Rolling of Iron, or any Plating Forge to work with a Tilt-hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel, in any of the said Colonies.

Ordered, That Mr. John Pitt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Uucaneeded The Order of the Day being read, for the House to cw d *°-r tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to C uues. confltjer Qf tjjC Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matters of Ships using the Coal Trade, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of them-feives, and of many others using the said Trade; and also the Petition of John Gihfon, late of Coal-fastor,

now close Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet; were severally referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon fVednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Uniformity The House, according to Order, resolved itself into of public a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Prayer*, Ice. Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to explain Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for tho Uni-- Vot. *5.

fotmity of pafetiefc Prayers, and Administration 6f Sacraments i and also Part of an Act, passed in the Thi& teenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, for tfad Mirtifters of the Church to be of found Religion.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Sandystook the Chair of the Committee.

Md. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Sandy sreported trom the Committee, That they

had difefted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the YorkRbid*. adjourned Corifidmtion of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton Stone in the North Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through EafngwolJ and Thirsk; and also the Road leading from the City of York to Boroughbridge, in the said Riding; was committed.

Ordered, That the further Confederation of the said Report be iurther adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for reluming the adjourned Consideration of the Repo t from the Cora- Small Debufl mittee, to whom she Bill so' the more caly and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of IVtJlmmJler, and that Part of the Duchy of which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, was committed.

Ordered, That the said Order be postponed.

The other Order of tire Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Merchants, and Dealers in Linen, of the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough df Southwark, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, refoYe itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

The postponed Older of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Confidetatiofi Westminster of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill Small Debts, for the more eafv and speedy Recovery of small Debts Within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that P^rt of the Duchy of Lancaster winch lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary It Strand, was committed:

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, itn-powering the Comm dinners to commit any Person for Disobedience to the Orders of the Court:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; which being filled up, the said Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said . Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Sabbat/, 310 die

Anno 230 Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Baker* for Sale of the Manor of Murfley, and other Estates, in the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Henry Baker the younger, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made with him for that Purpose, was read a Second erne.

13 A

Supply Bill s wiling a cfrruin Sum by Annaities,

Tower Small Debts.

Whitby Harbour.

Heyfotd

Inclosure.

African

Trade.

Middlesex Small Debts.

Lance's

EAatc.

tioa 31 0 Martii.A. 1750.

Resolved, That the Bill be cotiutiitted to Sir Wry, Sir Nat. Curzort, Mr. Bayntun, Mr.

Mr. Felfowes, Mr. West, Mr. Nugent, Sir Charles Ver-

non, Mr. Mellifti, Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Compton, Mr. Haber t, Mr. kynafton, Colonel Mr. Mr

Hume, Mr. Sydenham, General Oglethorpe, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Medlicot, Mr. Southwell, Mr. Humfrey, Mr. Hardinge, Sir Francis Poole, Mr. Townshend, Mr. -dart, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Cholmond/ey, Mr. Salusbury, Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir John Cust, Mr. Bond, Mr. Hora. Walpole junior, Mr. Lyttelton, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Greatkeed, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Admiral Towtifend, Mr. Vyner, Mr.; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Bucks, Berks, Northampton, Oxford, and Bedford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speak* er's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montague and Mr. Lane:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be rajfed by Annuities at Three Pounds per Centum pa Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund, transferable at the Bank of England, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act For the more eal'y and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Towa Hamlets, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers fend Harbour of Whitby, in the County of York, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for inclosing and dividing certain common Fields and common Grounds, called Nether Hey ford common Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Slow with Nine Churches, and Bugbrooke, in the County of Northampton; and for extinguishing all Right of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures, and inclosed Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a Recompence to the Rectors of the said Parishes, in lieu of Tythes; without any Amendment: And aKo,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa, with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of Middlesex; and for the more ealy and speedy Recovery of small Debts in the said County Court; with some Amendments: To which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill, in the County of Baks, with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles deceased, to Alexanda Walka Esquire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Clayton, Mr. Gildart, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Dowdeswell, Sir Bourchier Wrey, Mr. Warburton, Mr. Walpole junior, Mr. Martin, Mr. West, Mr. Edward Walpole, Mr. Sydenham, Admiral Townfeud, General Oglethorpe, Colonel Haldane, Mr. Hume, Mr. Reynolds, Mr. Laf cells, Mr. Laroche, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Fane, Mr. Lyster, Mr.

Carmichael, Mr. Compton, Mr. Lowndes, Admiral Vernon, Mr. Salu/bvry, Mr. Greath Mr. Mr.

Tracy, Mr. Waller, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Cado-gan. Lord Egmont, Mr. Young, Sir Lynch Sal.

Major Fairfax, Mr. Medlycot; and all the Members who (tv* for the Counties of Essex, , and Surrey: And

they are tt> meet this Afternoon at -Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to raise Money out of the settled Estate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thornton, Mr. Lafcells, Mr. Hardinge, Mr. Alderman Bethell, Mr. Salufbury, Sir Charles Vernon, Mr. Cadogan, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. West, Mr. Hair is, Mr. Fane, Sir John Turner, Mr. Bold, Sir Lynch Sal. Cotton, Admiral Tozvnfi end, Mr. Lyster, Mr. Hill, Mr. Kynaston, Mr. Young, Mr.

Lyttelton, Mr. Mellish, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Carmichael, Mr. Martin, Mr. Thomas Pitt, Mr. Fairfax, Mr. Sydenham, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Hume, Colonel Haldane, Mr.

Mr. Walpole, Mr. Greatheed, Lord Egmont, Mr. Tracy, Mr. Allgood, Sir Miles Stapylton, Mr. Barbor, Mr. Barne, Mr. Frank land, Mr. Monckton-, and all the Members who serve for the Counties of York and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Montagu, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Lyster, Sir Charles Mordaunt, Mr. Maitland, Mr. Bold, Mr. Stuart, Mr. Cooke, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and for preventing Frauds in the Admeamrement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster-, and several Parishes near thereunto; and for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Ixxrks and Wears upon the River Thames West-ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Wafer-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend lb much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River;

and to make more effectual several Acts made for the Preservation of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers and Streams in this Kingdom; and to regulate Fees in Tryalsat Aflizesand Nift print upon Records issuing out

of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each L>ay, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; is committed.

A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and Lowefioft, in the County of Suffolk, concerned in the Exportation of Fish, and other Commodities, to Italy, and other Places upon the Mediterranean Sea, was prefen ted to the House, and read; alleging, That the Petitioners apprehend, that if the Bill, now depending in Parliament, for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Perfta, purchased in to be imported into

this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia, should pais into a Law, the same will be highly prejudicial to this Nation in general, very injurious and hurtful to the Petitioners, and to the Inhabitants and Traders of the said Towns of Yarmouth and Lowefioft, and of all other Fishing Towns in Great Britain, and to the Owners of the Ships and Vessels trading in Fish, and other Commodities, up the Mediterranean, with respect to their homeward-bound Freights; and that

many

Dolman*

Estate.

Laws

respecting Pilots,

Importing Persian Silk from Russia*

23 Geo. II.

3*

Mart'1-

1103

the BilU w*th the Amendments, in it the Clerk's Table / here the Amendments were once read throughout; and ch-ints and Traders up the Mediterranean :And' therefore then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question

many other ill Consequences and bad Effects the Peti- t*,c J A the Amen' tioners apprehend, will be sensibly felt by the Fish Mer- Where ie Amendments . _____1'i* a____ J 111,1 a. Second timt*. one

I rn porting K'erfiai) bilk from Russia.

praying the House to take the Premises into Considera- severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. tion, and not to suffer the said Bill to pass into a Uw. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Traders of grossed. the City of Exeter, was also presented to the House, and

read; alleging, That the Importation of Persian S;lk-

through Russia is not only contrary to the Act of Navigation, but will aho be attended, in the Opinion of the Petitioners, with infinite Prejudice to the Trade and In-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Redemption Consideration the Report from the Committee of the of Annuititi whole House, to whom the B 11 for giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the Rate of Four

terest of this Kingdom, as it mull, in its Consequences, he Pounds per Centum per Annum to subscribe the same as in very detrimental to several beneficial Branches of Com- ~L niercc, and particularly to the Levant Trade, in which t he Petitioners ingener&l, and all the Woollen Manufacturers in the Kingdom, are more immediately interfiled: And further alleging, Thar, by Calculations of People most

conversant to the Trade now carried into Russia, the

Balance already is very considerably in favour of;

and that the same must be prodigiously increased, should this Scheme be carried into Execution, fence the Petitioners are well informed no greater Quantities o

or other Manuliftunes can polEbly be confute «n juJJia,

than areatpresent exported; and though the uj/ orn-pany should bind themselves to import tio 1 . Was

the Bill mentioned-, and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed; was committed; be now read:

And the said Order being bead accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into Confu'eration:

And the hid Report was read:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were* upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed toby the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

not purcha cd with the Manu/aftures of »?*» *t would not avail, because Hemp, and a _ °,.inn Commodities, would then be paid for th 'V

the Petitioners apprehend would equally lS^a* *w«,v »uSu ui nm6

tion in the Balance of Trade: And furth^.^ °pS»JThat cond, for the Uniformity of public Prayers, and Admi whatever Quantities of Silk a^e imported

much t he less m ull come from Italy and 'T'u*'*Q.»

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Uniformity to explain Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Yea.g> of the Reign of King Charles the Se-

from Ruffin

so nistration of Sacraments; and also Fart of an Act, passed , - c'ti^e*ch in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, means our Ships, loaden with YYool.ens an^, *1 those for the Mmillers of the Church to be of found Religion;

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Sandy; do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Parts, will be deprived of their Home Vreign^> which is their principal Dependence, to the great *JeJutIice of our Navigation; and that there will be great that

the Turks and Italians may thereby be induced to prohibit our Woollens and Fish, and take the same of 0ur Rivals in Trade the French , which cannot fail of being at_ tended with the most. fatal Consequences, as, at the same time that it increases the Riches and Power ot our Riv als, it will diminiCh our own in proportion, besides the Disad vantage of enlarging the Balance of the Trade, ..... ....

already too much in our Disfavour: And therefore pray- conffder further of Ways and Means for raising the Sup* ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration, ply granted to his Majesty;

and pursue such Measures as to the House shall leem A Motion was made, and the Question being put, meet for the Preventing of Consequences that mull so That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, re-

deepiy afieft the Trade and Interest of this Nation. ..... ....

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Tabic, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read:

And the Order of the Day being r<°ad, fof the House to resolve itself into aC maiittec of the whole House, to

Wavi

and

Wefrminfrer Smaii Debts.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of

Ltoncaster which lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of St. Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, was committed, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

'The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of the said Report.

And several other Amendments were made by the lloule to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

solve itself into the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,f M^}

Tellers for the Noes, j } 49‘.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of Britishi Sail-cloth, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalfof themselves, and many others, was referred, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Fane took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Supply Bill $ Sinking fund, Jkc.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, That they had come to a RelbJution; which they had directed him Mr. Fane, according to Order, reported from the Com* to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; wascommitted; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Vox. *5.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resumed the adjourned Consideration of York Boadi. the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Road from a Place called Burton , in the Worth Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton,

in

i 64 31 ° Martiu — a° A* 1750.

in the said Ridrng, fhrobgh Eajingxvold and Thbfk; and aHo the Road leading from the City of York to

bridge, in the said Riding; was committed:

And the Residue of the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Luna, 2* Aprilis;

Anno 23* Georgii II(li Regis, 1750.

Prays rs.

Hytton'i "\/f R* Bane reported firom the Committee, to whom

EiUte. 1.VX the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate devised by the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money arising thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; anti that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Katherine Brifcoe, on behalf of herself, and her Infant Sons,

whole Interest under the Will consists only of a remote Remainder limited of the Freehold and Inheritance of the Premises, to take Efflft not only after the Death and Failure of Issue male of several Persons now in being, but also after the Determination of a Term of One thousand YeaTs; which Interest of the said Infants is of little of no Value; and it wilt be for their Advantage that the Interest should be dispoted of instead of the said Term of One thousand Years, in regard the Surplus of the Money arising by Sale of the Premises, of which the said Children will have the Benefit, will be thereby greatly in-cteated; and it appeared, that (be had been apprised of the Contents of the Bill, but did not appear before the Committee to oppose the fame); and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Ckrk's Table-

Importing A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Bor-Persian Silk geffes, of the Borough of Truro, in the County of fremRuflia. wall, was presented to the House, and read; allegii»g. That if Encouragement should be given to the Russia Company to import Silks, and other Goods, the Product of Persia and Acts, into England, by the Way of

burg, now imported from the Straits only, the Petitioners axe apprehen five it would be highly prejudicial to the Italian and Turkey Trades, (o advantageous to this Kingdom in general, att the Ships going to those Parts being loaden out with Woollen Goods, and other Ma-

nufcftures, particularly Tin and Pilchards, the Two principal Commodities and chief Support of the County of Cornwall, for which the Petitioners are under great Apprehensions they must want Opportunities of Conveyance to the several Ports in the Mediterranean, to which a great Part of our Tin, and very near all our Pilchards, are exported at very considerable Freights; and that, should the said Encouragement be given to the Company, the Petitioners have great Heafon to fear that none or very few English Ships would be sent into the Mediterranean, if there were no Expectations of Back Freights; by which means our Pilchard Fishery would be totally ruined, our Tin Trade greatly injured, many Thousands of poor Labourers thrown out of Employ, and the Revenues of the Crown very much lessened' by a Decrease of the Consumption of the sundry Materials used in the Tin Mines, which pay high Duties: And therefore praying, That no

20

Encouragement may be given to the Russia Trade, in Prejudice to that of the Mediterranean.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table, until the Bill for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or P.'odtice of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire ot Russia, be read the Third time.

Mr. Bold reported from the Committee, to whom' Stanley* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act E aIe‘ for vetting the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire, a Lunatick, lying in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances thereon ?and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had' examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consentto the'- Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed . him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And tie delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table-

Sir John Cujl reported from the Commiflee, to whom Cowper'* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Cotapir Esquire to settle a Jointure upon his present Wife; and to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Hertford; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Part tes concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table

1

Mr. Wi/kinson reported from the Committee, to whom Laws the Bill to continue several Laws for the better Uegolat- respecting ing of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessehfrom llou* c'

Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanel, up the Rivers Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excite are paid thereon; and for preventing Frauds irt the Admeasurement of Coals within the C ty and Liberty of Wef minder, and several Parishes near thereunto-; and for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward, and for after-taking the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much ' of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation ot Salmon in the River Ribble\ and to make more effectual several Acts made for the Preservation of the Breed of Fish in the several Rivers and Streams in this Kingdom; and to regulate Fees in Tryals at Assizes and upon Records issuing out of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any' other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long Time the feme shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; was committed; That the Committee had heard Counsel upon the Petition of several Wharfingers, and Dealers in Coals* whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and others within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Pkrt of the Duchy of ad-

joining thereto, and in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, St. Mary k Bom, and such Part of the Parish of St. Andrew Plolborn as lies in the County of Middlesex; and thkt the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendmentsthercunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Re-port in his Place; and afterwards delivered the BHf, with the

£uppty Bill;

Sinking Fund, &c-

Rrdennprion of Annuities

Distemper

amongst

Cattle.

The Lords

desire leave for a Mem- ber to attend them.

23 Gfio. II;

Aprilis.

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, except One of them, which was disagreed to, wfere, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money, therein to be mentioned, out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty j and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pats: And that the Title be. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year 1750; and for applying certain . Surplus-monies remaining in the Exchequer, as Part of the Supply-of the said Year; and for the Application of certain Savings in the Hands of the Paymaster-General; and for obviating a Doubt, in an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, in respect to the Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted for the Improvement of Fisheries and Mtfoufactures in 9 and for the

further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and f6r giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices'; and for transferring the Bounties now payable upon the Exportation of British Sail-cloth to the Customs; and for enforcing the Laws against the cJandystine Importation of Soap, Candles, and Starch, into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after, the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to fublcnbe the same as in the Bilk mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for giying further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the Rare of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to subscribe the same in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so.subscribed; and for impowerrng the liaftr India Company to raise certain Sums by tra'nsferrable Annuities.'

Ordered, That Mr. West do carry the Bill to the Lords,

and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Wilkinson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages among ftthe Horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Cajyes; was committed; That the Committee hadgpne through the Bill, and madefe-veral Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, opc by , P.ne.; and*, upon, the Quftion severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That this House will give Leave, that Capel Hanbury Esquire, a Member of this House,

may have Leave to attend their Lordships, in order to be examined as a Witness upon the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron Vol. 25.

from his Majesty's Colonies in America; and to prevent the Eireftion of any Mill, or other Engine, for Slitting or Rolling of Iron, or any Plating Forge to work with a Tilt-hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel,* in any of the said Colonies.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew;

Resolved, That Capel Hanbury Esquifo, a Member of this House, have Leave to go to the Lords, as is desired by their Lordships, if he thinks fit.

And the Messengers were again called again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted thetn therewith.

And then the Messengers again withdrew.

'she House proceeded to takfc into Consideration the African Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Trade. An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. j. L. 18, 19, so. Leave out Thirtieth Day of " June 1750," and insert " passing such Act of Farliament for divesting the African Company of their Char-

" ter, Forts, Castles, and military Stores, Canoe-men,

" Castle-flaveS, and all other their Property on the Coast " of Africa, as aforesaid, or before the passing such Act,

so far as the said African Company shall consent x " thereto i"

Pr. 7. L. 29. After " Augttftinfert " 1750:"

Pr. 13. L. 9. After " the," insert Mayor of " the,

L. 17. After " removed," add Clause A:

Clause A: " Provided nevertheltls, That whenever

‘f any Committee-man shall be charged with Misbehaviour in his Employment, the Commissioners for Trade " and Plantations shall summon such Committee-man to " appear before them; and shall, in case he attends, hear such Committee-man; and, upon his Attendance or Default, examine into the Truth of the said Charge; '

"> before they, shall remove him from his Employment, as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary " notwithstanding

.. Pr. 16. L. 10. Leave out from " the" to " Forts/* in the 16th Line of the same Press; and insert " said

Pf. 22. L. 2t. After ‘‘ Forty-nine,"; a^ld Clause B r Clause And whereas Dlate One ▼ " of the chief Agents of the said Company at Coast " Castle, now a Prisoner for Debt, in the Custody of the r " Sheriffs of the City of London, did, with Two others " of the said Company's Agents or Servants there, to " wit, fbomat Chatmer and James Craik, in the Year " 17 45 > cont raft a Debt at Cape Coast Caffe aforesaid of,

" £. 1,400, for and on the behalf of the said Company,

" for the Support and Maintenunce of their Forts and 1 " Servants: And whereas the said David Crichton now; ft Hands charged, in the Custody of the said Sheriff's, in

t‘ Execution, oifa Judgment given in fheCourt of King's

" Bench, attheiSuit:of OneWBlianiStead, for the pebt; }

v aforesaid, which, together -Wirti tffo Costs of Suit, and " Interest thereon, amounts, in the Whole, to the Sum rof £.1,604. i6j. 6 d.upon1 a Judgment obtained.

" against him, io his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, by

" the said William Stead; Be it therefore Eqafted, by the " Authority aforesaid, That the said David Crichton be " forthwith, discharged out of the dustody of the said Sheriffs, upon the liiid David Chrichton' % giving a new " Judgment to the said William Stead for the said Sum of £.1,604. 16.' 6, with Stay of Execution for One Year,

" to be computed from the said 17th Day of " 1749; and further, that the said David Crichton do " enter into a Bond to the said William Stead, with Two " Sureties, to be approved of by One of the Judges of the " Court of King's Bench, in double the Penalty of the " Sum of £.1,604. *6. 6, with which he the said David " Crichton (lands charged in Custody, with Condition that " he the said David Crichton will not withdraw himself " out of England; but will always be ready, cither a

13 B "

i io6

2® Apr ills.

A. 1750.

London or Middlesex, at the Expiration of the said Year,

' to be subject to any Process the said William Stead " shall think proper to take out against him."

The said Amendments, as far as Clause A, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, the next Amendment, was read a Second time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

The oext Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause B, the last Amendment, made by the Lords to the said Bill, being read a Second time;

And the House being informed. That Mr. William Newland attended at the Door, who could give the House some Information relative to the said Amendment;

He was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then the said Amendment, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

York Road*. An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Road from a Place calU'd Burton Stone, in the North Riding of the County of York, to Northallerton, in the said Riding, through Eafingwoldand Thirstr, and al(b the Road leading from the City of York to Boroughbridge, in the said Riding; was re. d the 'Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title, be. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbriige, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deflre their Concurrence.

I Way* Ipnd Mean*.

Mr. Fane, accord ingtoOtder, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered he at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and JS as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Four, Pence per Yard be laid upon all Sail-cloth of the Value of Fourteen Pence, and upwards, a Yard, and a Duty of Two Pence Yard upon all Sailcloth of the Value of Ten Pence, and not exceeding Fdur-teen Pence, a Yard, imported from Ireland into Great Britain (on which the Bounties of Two Pence and Four Pence per Yard respectively are made payable, or are paid, by virtue or in consequence of an Act of the Parliament of Ireland); and that the said Duties shall continue payable in Great Britain during the Continuance :of the said Bounties in Ireland, and no longer.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

The House was moved, That the last Section of an Act. made in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufactureof Ireland; and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and the Making of Sail-cloth in, this Kingdom; might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Tt.en the said Resolution was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Mo'ion was made, and $he Question being put^ That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Talers for he Y.«, { 'S^tUOm , } 7*

Telters for the Noes, £ RM.fi, . j 2S-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr Alexander Hume, Mr. Fane, the Lord Strange, Mr. Oswald, Mr. Vy Mr. Tracy, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Haldane, and Mr. Cooke, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the more easy and (pcedy Reco> vVeltminf?<-» very of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Small Dtb»-minster, and that Part of the Duchy of which

lies within, or adjoins to, the Parishes of Clement Danes and St. Mary le Strand, was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to-be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 2. To leave out " Remedy," and insert Method:"

L. 14. To leave out " Remedy," and insert " Method:"

L. ult. Afer " Clock," to insert " in the Fore-

" noon

Pr. 4. L. 10. After or,' to insert " make such:"

L. to, 11. To leave out " shall be pronounced * or made:"

Pr. 5. L. 8. To leave out " then next following," and insert " for the Month of May:" L. 33. To leave out " or the Precindks of the " fame:"

L. 39. To leave out " or the Precincts of the " lame:"

Pr. 7* L. a. After " Plaintiff," to insert " as by " the

L. 32. To leave out " Precindks " and insert " that Partand to leave out " lame," and insert Duchy aforesaid

L. 39. To leave out " amounting to," and insert " exceeding:"

Pr. 8. L. 5. To leave out " exceeding," and insert " amounting to

L. 12. After " Judgment," to insert " be

given

Pr. 10. L. 2. To leave out " the Precincts," and insert " that Partand to leave out " feme," and insert " Duchy aforesaid:"

L. 5. To leave out " the Precincts," and insert " that Partand to leave out " feme," and insert " Duchy aforesaid :"

Pr. 12. L. 12. After Party," to insert " and that I " am now seised of Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments,

" of the yearly Value of £. zo, clear.of all Incumbrances,

" or that 1 am possessed of a personal Estate of the Value " of Five hundred Pounds:" j Pr. 12. L. 17. After " administor," to insert in " open Court

L. u8. To leave out among," and insert

" in:"

Prt 13. L. 20. After " Fees," to insert "than."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House:

And the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part of the Duchy of which adjoineth

thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Then the Blank left in the Bill, for the Title thereof, was filled up by the Clerk at the Table.

b

J

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

fcegifon'i

Xftat*.

23 Geo. II.

30 Aprilis.

1107

Mart is, 30 die Aprilis;

Anno 23* Georgii II41 llegis, 1750. Prayers.

MR. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to fell Part of the settled Estate of Thomas Esquire; and to lay out the Money, arising the reby, in the Purchaseof Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was committed; That the Committee had exa-

paflcs into a Law, whatever Silk and Goods of are brought from Russia into this Kingdom, will in tffcft be purchased with Money, or its Equivalent, by Bills of Exchange; and hinder the fending out of so much Woollen Goods, or Products of this Nation, as would otherwise procure the said Silk and Goods of Persia: And submitting what the Petitioners have alleged to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read the Third time.

The House proceeded to take into Confederation the M«M!efex mined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Sn'i11 be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their An Act for preventing Delays and Expences in the Prc-Consent to the Bill, to the Sarisfaction of the Committee; ceedings in the County Court of Middlesex; and for the and that the Committee had directed him to report the more easy ancj fp^y Recovery of small Debts in the said Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he de- County Court:

'CktirchiH't

livered the B;ll in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lards, intituled, An Act for invetting Part of the Personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled pursuant to an Agreement in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles junior, Esquire,

with the Lady Maria Walpole, was read a Second time.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 5. L. 3. After " liable," insert to be put upon " such Lift:"

Pr. 9. L. 20. After " which," inlert " Oath Pr. 1 x. L. 27. After " Suit," add Clauses A and B: A: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained

Resolved, I hat the Bill be committed to Mr. Horatio " shall extend, or be construed to extend, to his Majesty's

Walpole, Lord Parker, Mr. Whitehead, Mr.

Mr. Montagu, Mr. Salujbury, Mr. , Mr

tre, Mr. John Selwyn, Mr. Belchier, Mr. Rigby, Sir Lynch Sal. Cotton, Mr. Bacon, Mr. Brookfbank, Mr. Hor. Walpole lcnior, Mr. Campbell of Colder, Lord Har-tington, Mr. Gybbon, Colonel Conway, Sir John

Mr. Fonereau, Mr. West, Mr. Hay, Mr. Gzvynn, Ad-

miral Vernon, Mr. Finch, Mr. Gray, Cqlonel Mr. Felioives, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Bold, Mr.

Mr. Compton, Sir Lud. Grant, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Locke, Mr. Sandys, Mr. pawieit, Mr. Lafcells. Colonel Haldane, Mr. Gildart; and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middlesex and And they are to

" Tower of London, or the several Parishes, Liberties,' " Precincts, Hamlets, and Places, within the Tower Hunlets."

B: " Provided always, and be it Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained " shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the City and " Liberty of Westminster, and the Precincts of the fame.

" and so much of the several Parishes of St. Clement " Danes and St. Mary le Strand, in the County of

dlesex, as lies without the City and Liberty of " fter, and also in the Precincts of the adjoining " thereto."

The Two First of the said Amendments, being feve-

X^owper*

Estate.

meet this Afternoon at five of the Clock, in the Speaker's mlly read a Second time, were, upon the Question feve-Chamber. rally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Clause A, the next Amendment, was read a Second An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third to enable Wiliam Cowper Esquire to settle a Jointure upon time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was agreed his present Wife; and to make Leases of certain Estates to by the House.

in the County of Hertford; was read the Third time, Clause B, the last Amendment, was read a Second

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. time; and, being an ingrossed Clause, was read the Third

Ordered, That Sir John Gift do carry the Bill to the time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, was'agreed

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Stanley'*

Estate.

Lake't

Estate.

Importing Persian Silk from Russia.

to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hardinge do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to the ^Amendments made by their Lordships. for veiling the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire, a Luna-

tick, lying in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, inTjruf- Ordered, That Mr. Laroche and Sir John Cujl be added tees, to be sold, for the Payment of several Debts and In- to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the cumbrances thereon: and for other Purposes therein men- Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing a Partition made tioned; was read the Third time. between Dame Mary Lake, and others, of divers Estates

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. in the Parishes of West Thor ock and in the Coun-

Ordered, That Mr. Bold do carry the Bill to the ty of Essex, in pursuance of several Orders of the High Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Court of Chancery, is committed, to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for permitting raw Silk of the importing A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucef- Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be Persian Silk ter, was presented to the House, and read; alleging, imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place be- from Russia. That the Condition upon which the Legislature granted longing to the Empire of was, according to Order,

the Russia Merchants the Liberty of bringing Goods read the Third time.

~ And a Motion being made, and the Question being

put. That the Bill do pals;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

bought in Persia with Woollen Goods, or other Commodities of this Nation, or the Produce thereof, the Petitioiv ers believe, cannot any-ways possibly be secured to the Benefit of his Nation by the Bill, depending in the House,

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

to permit the Importation of Persia Silk, and other Com- That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Month; modiiies of that Kingdom, from Petersburg, and other —

Parts of the Russian Empire, because the Balance of Trade has long been, and is now, most notoriously in favour of Russia against this Nation, and will of consequencenot admit a larger Consumption of our Woollen Add other Goods in the said Empire; so that if the Bjll Yot. 2

rjy c , v (Sir John Barnard, Tellers for the Yeas,' Mr-'Aldenmn

for the Noet.grSW

]27-}"

So

nos

3° — 40 Aprilis.

A. i *j x,o.

Hamper

Office.

Hampton

Bridge.

St.George

Southwark

Re&orial

Maintenance

Southwark Streets, Ice.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, that the Bill do pals;

It wasrefolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved', That the Title be, an Act for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of purchased

in Russia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any

Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio senior do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho/ford and Mr.

Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventing any future Deficiency therein, to afwerer the publick Services provided for out of the same; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Matter or Keeper of the Rolls; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of Thames, from Hampton Court, in the County of Middlesex, to East Moulsey, in the County of S, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Hector of the Parish of St. George the , in the Borough

of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and his Successors, in lieu of Tythes, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the Nightly Watch-; within the Parish of St. John, , in the County of Surrey, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning,

Nine of the ('lock.

Earl f Pembroke's Estate.

Mercurii, 40 Aprilis;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 175*. Prayers.

MR. Hay reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Impcrwer the Guardians of Henry Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, an Infant, to make Leates of his real Estate during his Minority, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true: and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sergifon'* An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to fell Part of the settled Estate of Esquire;

and to lay out the Money, arising the reby, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the Third time. 1

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. ffoy.do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agteed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Supply Bill; Mr. Alexander Hume presented to the House, according Sail-cloth to Order, a Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties imported upon 1‘uch Species of Sail-cloth as are therein mentioned, rom Irejan . imported from Ireland into Great Britain

during the Time therein to be limited: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

18

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws for the bet- L«s refer Regulating of Pilots for tire Conducting of Ships and pTc"nfo Vessels from Dover, Deal, and lile cf , up the ‘ °ls> C"

Rive 15 of Thames tnd Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be iandedlbe-fore the Duties of Excite are p aid thereon; and for pit- y

venting'Frauds in the Admoalurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of I'VeJiminster, and several Parishes near thereunto j and for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of L'rcks and Wcars upon the River Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carr riage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchaats Service^; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River;

and to make more effectual several Acts made for the Preservation of the Breed at Fish in the several Rivers and Streams in this Kingdom; and to regulate Fees in

Tryals at Affixes and HJiprius upon Records issuing out of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long Time the feme shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; was read ihe Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act to continue several Laws for the better beguiling of Pilots f>r the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permiting Rum or Spirits *f the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an Act for preventing Frauds in tire Ad* measurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parishes near thereunto: and to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Pielervation of Salmon in the River Ribble; and to regulate Fees in Tryals at Assizes and Nisi prius upon Records issuing out of the Court of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer^ and for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Placqupon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during Which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long Time the same shall be kept open Upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnip^; and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

Ordered, That Mr. fVi ikinfondo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws for prevent- Di H ero per ing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amon^ft amongst the Horned Cattle; and for impowering his Cattle* Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves; was read the Third time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be ma'de to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 19. After " fame," to insert unlefe fi#m 4t Persons Jicenled as herein after directed

Pr. 3. L. 40, After " or," to insert " this Act and Pr. 4. L. 24. To leave out from "appoint" to " and*' in Press. 5. L. 1.

And

23 Geo. II. 4°__<

And the said Amendments were, upon the Qu ft' severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House- 6 tl°n And the Bill was amended at the Table accord! I A Motion was made, and the Question being

yfpfillS'

XO9

That the Bill do past; The House divided. Tire Yeas went forth.

Tellers for tire Yets, \

Tellers for the Nccs,

30-

Dolman'*

Estate.

f Sir Edmund / Mr. Cho/mandeley.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act to continue fe-vtial Laws lor preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which i.ov, rages anrongst he Horned Cattle; and for impute ering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing ofCowCalves.

Ordered, That Mr. With inf on do carry the Bill to the Loros, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Sir Miles Mr.

Mr. Fellowet. Sir H'm. Codring ton, Mr. Mr.

Curzon, Mr. Ord. Mr. DozvdfweS>r John Ramsden, Mr. IVilkifut, Mr. s.HJLibie, Maitland, Sir Nath.

Curzon, Sir Danvers Ohome, Sir John Cujt, Mr- Mr. Fletcher, S:r Join Turner, Sir Charles Per non, Mr. Neale, Mr. Robinson, Sir John

Mr. IVinning!on, Mr. Richards, Mr. Hay, Mr- Mr. Peachy, A Jr. Metcalfe, be added to the CcriunJiftee, to whom the ingrotTcd HiIf,from the Lords, intt.u e,

Jovis, 50 di Aprilis;

Anno 23* Georgii IF1 Regis, 1750.

Prayeks.

R D £ & & AThat Mr. Speaker do issue his War-

O rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new \Vrit. for ^'e ^c^'n6 °*' a Burgess to i'erve in this pre-r r»t parliament f|r the Borough of New Shoreham, in jjC County of Sussex, in the room of Charles Frederick giquitei who, since his Election for the said Borough, hat'*1 accepted the Offices of Surveyor-General of his l^lajesty's Ordnance, and Attistant to the Lieutenanl-Oeneial of the Ordnance.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to impower the Guardians of Earl of Pembroke

and Montgomery, an Infant, to make Leases of his real

Estate during his Minority, was read the Third time.

Pefotved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered/Fhat Mr. Haydo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

New Shoreham Writ.

Earl of Pembroke's Estate.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Ho ford and Mr. tVapfe:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Nine hundred, thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty; and for applying certain Surplus-monies remaining in the Exchequer, as Part of the Supply of the said Year; and . , For the Application of certain Savings in the Hands of

Mr. Ellis, from the Commilnonera for execi3*l!l& th* Paymaster-General and for obviating a Doubt, in an

Office ot Lord High Admiral cf Great Britain, Pre.le£Ccl AA of the Fifth Year of King George the First, in respect

to the House, putluant to their Address to his MaJL to the Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted for

_ , S«veral *aP«». containing an Account of all Monies . Il7lproveraent of Fisheries and Manufactures in

re*^i*v'^W^1C1 have been paid or charged on account of any Law - 1 - - — »-

avy' Suits or Controversies which have an fen in any Part of

An Act for imponering TruAces to raise M ou 9?

the settled Lilate of Robert Dolman Ltquire, *or ' ~ charging several Debts and Sums of Money C<^n*ra<-^cd and borrowed by him, is committed.

Supply Bill; Sinking Fund,

Law Sait*

Building of Docks, |*c.

Uncancelled Bond* for Coal Duite*.

his Majesty's Dominions, so far as they relate to his Majesty's Navy, since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to the 12th of December last-, together with Copies of all letters from any Offices, or Commanders or Officers, relating the reunto: And also.

Several Papers, containing an Account of what Sum or Sums of Money have been expended since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to the 12th of December lad, for the Building of Docks, Wharfs, Store-boules. Fortifications, or other Edifices, so far as the same have been charged to the Account of the Navy, and how near the said Buildings are to the being completed; together with the several Estimates relating to the fame, and all Orders whatsoever for the undertaking or carrying on the said Works; as also Copies of all Letters from any Offices, or Commanders or Officers, relating the reunto:

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Schedules were read.

Orderetl, Thai the said. Papers and Schedules do lieupon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House. The Paul Papers and Schedules are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

The Ol der of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Matters of Ships using the Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in

Pril'on of the Fleet; were severally referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 25.

lar.d; and for the further appropriating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Cent rafts ot Clerks and Apprentices; and for transferring the Bounties now payable upon the Exportation of Brit ft Sail-cloth to the Customs; and for enforcing the Laws against the clandestine Importa- tion of Soap, Candles, and Starch, into this Kingdom; without any Amehdment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Redemption for giving further lime to the Proprietors of Annuities of Annuities, after the Kate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to &c' subscriDe the same in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India Company to raise certain Sums by transferrable Annuities; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in , without

any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making more effectual several Acts of Parliament patted for cleansing anil making navigable the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to fT'tv, in the County of Essex; and repairing and cleansing the Streets and Lanes of the Town of Colchester;without any Amendment: And allb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act St |B for making a better and more effectual Provision lor the the Field* Relief of the Poor; for the cleansing the Streets; and for Poor,*c.

Needham'^ See. Estate.

Grow th of Silk in America.

Colchester

Chanel

Navigation,

Ac.

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, and Anne his Wife, John Leche Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and

r 3 C

Orme't

Efbtc.

Lake's

Estate.

Nifbet's

Efute.

Supply Bill; Sail-cloth imported from Ireland.

zabeth Hurlejlcn, for discharging Incumbrances affecting

the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Fane reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for raising Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Estate of Gar ton Orme Esquire, in the County of for the

Payment of his Debts, and the Portion of Charlotte Orme, his Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of tire Bill, and found the same to be true; and tint the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di efted him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Laroche reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing a Partition made between Dame Mary , and others, of clivers Estates in the Parishes of -

rock and Stijford, in the County of in purl'uance

of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di reded him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And Ire del.vered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Hugh Dalrymple reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, iri'ituled. An Act to enable William Nijbel, of Dirh.ton, Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to make Leases of Linds in the county of ; and for

other Purposes therein mentioned; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the C erk's Table: Where the Amendments were read; and arc as followeth;

P. 7. L. 2. After " Ad," insert " Provided always, " That such Alienation by Exchange or Excambion shall be done at the Sight of the Lords of the Session :"

L. 9. Leave out from " aforesaid" to " shall," in Line to.

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion being made. That the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon such Species of Sailcloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the Time therein to be limited, be trow read a Second time;

The House was moved. That Part of tire Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Merchants, and of the Manufacturers of Sail-cloth, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was referred, might be read:

And the same was read accordingly:

Then the said Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee ®f the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Aprilis. . 1750.

Venerisy 6®

Anno 23* Georgii 11" Regis, 1750.

Pa A Y £KS.

MR. George Montagu reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estate late of John Trevor Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, for discharging lib Debts; and also to make Leases of M:nes in the said Counties; was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

A Message from, the Lords, by Mr. Edwards and Mr. Waple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Y\ hite Herring

Fishery, with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable William Nijbel, of Dirleton, Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to make Leases of Lands in the County of Haddington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Hugh Dalrymple do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which Amendments this House doth desire the Concurrence of their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estates deviled by the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money anfing thereby in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Vane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act f >r the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery, be now taken into Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Amendment into Consideration.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as fellow-eth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 2. Leave out and Cod."

The said Amendment being read a Second time, the same appeared to be in the Preamble to the said Bill, in which Mention is made both of the White Herring and Cod Fisheries: And whereas, in several of the Enacting Parts of the Bill, the Fisheries, to which the Encouragement was intended to be given, are not specified, otherwise than by Words of Reference to the Fisheries mentioned in the Preamble, the Purport of the said Amendment was, by leaving out of the Preamble the Mention of the Cod Fisheries, to confine to the White Herring Fishery only such of the Provi lions and Regulations contained in the Bill, as have Reference to the Fisheries mentioned in the Preamble.

And to the end that it might appear what was the Intention of the House with respect to the Fisheries designed to be encouraged:

The

Trevor*#

Estate.

Herring

Cod

Fisheries*

NifhaTs

EOate.

Hylton's

Elbue.

Herring and Cod Fisheries.

mi

23 Geo. II.

The House was moved, That the several Entries of the Pro< eedings of House upon the Report of the CiiJ Bill, and upon the Third Reading and Palling thereof, contained in the Minute Books, and in the printed Votes of this House of the 2ill and 26th Days of March Lift, might he read:

And the same were read according'?; by which it appeared, That the original Title of the said Bill was, " A Bill for the Encouragement of the White Her-

" ring and Cod Eilhoies;" and that, upon the Parting thereof, it was relo'vtd by the House, that the Title should be, "An -A<51 for the Encouragement of the " British White Herring Fishery

And the House was informed, That, in the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, fume Amendments having been proposed to be made to the Bill, in relation to the Cod Fisheries, the said Amendments were waved, upon its appearing to be the Sense and Infention of the said Committee, that the Provisions of the said Bill should be confined to the White Herring Fishery only:

And it thereupon appearing to the House, That the Words " and Cod" were by and contrary to

the Intention of the House, left in the Preamble to the said Bill.

And the Journal of the IJoufe, of the 25th January, in the 5th Year of the Reign of King and Queen Mary, in relatio to the House upon the Amendments, made by the the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to their \/^_7c"lc8 an Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound for carrying on a vigorous War against France, being re The laid Amendment, made by the Lords, to the intcu'ed, An Act for the Encouragement of the White Herring Fishery, was, upon the Questio0 Put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Lieutenant-General Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be particularly entered in the Journal of this House, to the end the nature of the said Amendment may appear.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to re^vf ibelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon Ireland. Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon

such Species ot Sail-cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great during the Time therein to be limited, be now read:

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House rel'olved It felt' into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Tracy took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Tracy reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Uncaacelled Refolded JXhat this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

B°»£ lor rcc, iv0 it Ye If into a Committee of the whole House, to oal utie*. conj-1jer Qf tpc Hcport from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mailers of Ships using the Coal Trade, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of many others using the said Trade; and alto the Petition of late of London,

Coal-fastlor, now close Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet; were severally referred.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Vol. 15.

JpriliS-

Sabbfltn 7° Aprilis;

Anno 23° Georgii II" Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

D E R & A That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant York Writ. (J to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Electing of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this rCfent Parliament for the County of York, in the room of Sir IS/Dles Stapy/ton Baronet; w ho, since his Election

for the said County, hath accepted the Office of, One of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs.

An ingrolfed BUI, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Trevor'* for empowering Trustees to cui down and fell Timber upon the Ellate ot John Trevor Esquire, in the Counties o 1 Denbigh and Flint, for discharging his Debts; and also

to make Leases of Mines in t.ie laid Counties j was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pals.

'dered. That Mr. George Montagu do carty the Bill to ords, and acquaint them, Tat this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

effage from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr.

T Speaker, r "e Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ^pairing and widening the Roads leading from Rgre* *°n/ to Dudden Bridge, Santon Bridge, and Halt house, in *c County of Cumberland, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act "=>r repairing the Road from the City of York, over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York, without t any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable liam Nifbet, of Dirleton, Esquire, and the Heirs of En-

tail for the Time being, to make Leases of Lands in the County of Haddington-, and for other Purposes therein Mentioned.

And then the Meficngers withdrew.

Egremont

Roads.

York Road.

Nifbet'i

Mm.

Mr. Tracy, according to Order, reported, from the Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon such Species f^and‘ of Sail Cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the Time therein to be limited, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; anti afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question le-verally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Uncaacelled ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Bonds for House, to consider of the Report from the Committee, Coal Duties, to whom the Petition of the Masters of Snips uling the Coal Trade, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, in behalf of themselves, and of many others using the said Trade; and also the Petition of John Gibson, late of London, Coal-fastor, now dole Prisoner in his Majesty's Prison of the Fleet; were teverally referred.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine of the Clock.

II12

9° Aprilis. 1750.

LuntB) q° die;

Anno 23* Georgii Ii<! Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and M r. Lane:

Importing of Iron from America.

Westminster Small Debts.

Distemper

amongst

Cattle.

T aws

respecting Pilots, 4c.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the hill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in A; and to prevent the Erection of any Mill, or oilier Engine, for Slitting or Bolling of Iron, or any Plating Forge to work with a Tilt-hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel, in any of the said Colonies; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of , and that

Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoinelh thereto, without any Amendment: And alfi,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the I Joi ned Cattle; and for impoweringhis Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Continue several Laws for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover Deal, and Isle of Thanet, up the River of Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon 5 and to continue and amend an Act for preventing Frauds in the Admtafurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of , and

several Parishes near thereunto; and to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the Rivers Thames West-ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River Liable', and to regulate Fees in Tiyals at Assizes and Nisi prius upon Records issuing out of the Court of

Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Defttoying of Turnips; and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for better Regulation, of Attornies and Solicitors; with One Amendment: To which Amendment the Lords defile the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Imports, 4c. The House being informed. That Mr. from

from Kufia. the Commi dinners of the Customs, attended at the Door;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, an Account of the Imports and Exports from and to for Seven

Y ears past.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is bound up with the other Papers of this Section.

Orme's An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate.

for raising Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Estate of Carton Orme Esquire, in the County of Sussex, for the Payment of his Debts, and the P >rtion of Charlotte Orme, his Daughter} and for other Purposes therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Fane do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for establishing a Partition made between Dame Mary Lake, and others, of divers Estates in the Parishes of Weji Thorock and Stifford, in the County of Essex, in pursuance of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Laroche do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon such Species ot Sail-cloth are therein mentioned, which Hull be imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the Time therein to be limited, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon such Species of Sail-cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Britain during the Time therein limited.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Colonel Clayton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill, in the County of . with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles Lance, deceased, to Alexander Walker Esquire, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Sir Bourchier IVrey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Murjley, and other Estates, in the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Baker the younger, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made with him for that Purpose, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegadonsof the Bill, and fount! the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House. without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for impowering Trustees to raise Money out of the settled Estate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him, was committed, That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Lake'* E It ate.

Supply Bill; Sail-cloth imported from Ireland.

Lance'*

Estate.

Baker's

Eftait.

Dolman's

Estate.

ChurchilTi

Eftat*

Distemper

aniurgft

Cattle.

Lavs re-

spefting Pilots, &c.

23 Geo. II. ro° — ii°

Martis, 10° d

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

Praters.

MR. Horatio Walpole of Ca reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for inverting Part of the personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled pursuant to an Agreement, in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill junior, Esquire, with the Lady Maria Walpole, was committed. That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Cleric's Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

An Act to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle; and for empowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves:

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; 172.

Pr. 3. L. 36. Leave out " not."

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the'Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws for the better Regulating of Pilots for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of ‘Thane/, up the Rivers of Thames and Medway; and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excise are paid thereon; and to continue and amend $n Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasure-ment of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parishcsnear thereunto; and to continue several Laws for prevcncingExact ions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames Westward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchants Service; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in tjrc First Year of the Reign of Xing George the Fifft, as relatrs'to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River Kibble; and to regulate Fees in Tryals at Assizes and Nisi prius upon Records issuing out of the Court of Picas of the Court of Exchequer; and for the Apprehending of Persons in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors:

And the said Amendment was read; and ‘is as fbllow-eth; viz.

In the Title of the Bill, L. 12. Leave out the First *. Court," and insert " Office."

The said Amendment, being' read a Second time, was," upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by tfte House. '

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkinson do carry the Bill to the Voi» 25.

Aprilts.

m3

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed* to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Lanerk Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Writ* Electing of a Commissioner to serve in this present Parliament for the Shire of Lanerk, in the room of Sir James Hamilton, Baronet, deceased.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Dolman'* impowenng Trustees to raite Money out of the settled Eftata. Estate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts and Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by him, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lance'* for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Mef- Ettate-fuage at Farley Hill, in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles Lance, deceased, to Alexander Walker Esquire, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Colonel Clayton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock

Mercurii, 11° die;

Anno 23* Georgii IIdi Regis, 1750.

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Churchill'* for inverting Part of the personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled pursuant to an Agreement in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill]un\or, Esquire,

with the Lady Maria Walpole, was read tfye Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Horatio Walpole of Callington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without anyAmend-ment.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Baker'* for Sale of the Manor of Murjley, and other Estates, in Eftat*. the County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Baker the younger, Esquire, deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made with him for that Purpose, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Baurelder Wrey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the {arhe, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the several Books belonging to {he Royal African African Company of England, which were preleoted to Company, the House upon Monday the 19th Day of February last, be delivered back to the said Company.

Mr. Clevland, from the Commissioners for executing Building of the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, "pre- Dock.*, &«. fented to the House, pursuant to their Address to his Majesty,

Several Papers, containing an Acccfunt of what Sum or Sums of Money have been expended fence the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to the 12 th of December 1749, for the Building of Docks, Wharfs, Store-houses, Fortifications, and other Edifices, so far as the same have been charged to the Account of the Navy, and how near

13 D the

Borough-bridge Writ.

Importing Persian silk from Russia.

Supply BUI;

Snil'doth

ttnported

frthnd.

II14

11° — 12*

A. 1750.

the said Buildings are to being completed; together with the several Estimates relating to the fame, and all Orders whatsoever for the undertaking or carrying on the said Works; as also Copies of all tetters from any Offices, or Commanders or Officers, relating the reunto, so far as the same relates to the Nary-Office: And also.

Several Papers, containing an Account of all Monies which have been paid or charged on account of any Law Suits or Controversies which have aril'en in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, so far as they relate to his Majesty's Navy, since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to the 12th of December 1749 together with Copies of all Letters from any Offices, or Commanders or Officers, relating the reunto, so far as the same relates to the Navy Office: And also,

Several Papers, containing Copies of all Letters to the Commissioners of the Victualling, from any Offices, Commanders or Officers, relating to the Building of Docks, Wharfs, Fortifications, Storehouses, or other Edifices, so far as the Expence thereof has been charged to the Account of the Navy, under the Head of the Victualling, from the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to the 12th of December 1749; together with the several Estimates relating to the fame, and all Orders whatsoever from the said Commissioners, for undertaking or carrying on the said Works; and Copies of all Letters from the said Commissioners, relating the reunto: And also. Several Papers, containing Copies of all Letters to the Commissioners of the Victualling, from any Offices, Commanders or Officers, relating to any Law Suits or Controversies which have arisen in any Part of his Majesty's Dominions, so far as they relate to his Majesty's Navy under the Head of Victualling, since the Commencement of the late War with Spain, to the nth December 1749; and Copies of all Let ters from the said Commissioners, relating the reunto:

Together with Schedules of the said Papers.

And the Titles of the said Schedules were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Schedules do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Schedules are bound up with the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the EleCling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Boroughbridgr, in the County of York, in the room of the Right Honourable Francis Scot Esquire, commonly called Earl of Dalkeith, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Bennett and Mr. Montague:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in Raffia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Rnffia, without any A mendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine of the Clock.

Jovis,12° d;

Anno 23* Georgii II" Regis, 1750.

P R A Y t R S.

AM ESS AGE'from the Lords, by Mr. Edwards

and Mr. IVaple:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon such Species of Sail-dot has ace therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the Time therein limited, without any, Amendment.

'i 5

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A MefTage from his Majesty, by the Honourable Sir Royal Affenc Henry Bellenden, Gentleman-Usher of the Black Rod: to

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers: Where his Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million, to be raised by Annuities, at Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and charged on the Sinking Fund,

transferrable at the Bank of England.

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Nine hundred thousand Pounds out of the Sinking Fund, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty; and for applying certain Surplus-monies remaining in the Exchequer, as Part of the Supply of the said Year; and for the Application of certain Savings in the Hands of the Paymaster-Gentral; and for obviating a Doubt, in an Act of the Fifth Year of King George the First, in respect to the Payment of certain Annuities thereby granted, for the Improvement of Fisheries and Manufactures in Scotland , and for the further appropri-

ating the Supplies granted this Session of Parliament; and for giving further Time fbf the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for transferring the Bounties now payable upon the Exportation of British Sailcloth to the Customs; and for enforcing the Laws against the clandestine Importation of Soap, Candles, and Starch, into this Kingdom:

An Act for giving further Time to the Proprietors of Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per

Annum to fubforibe the same in the Manner, and upon the Terms, therein mentioned; and for redeeming such of the said Annuities as shall not be so subscribed; and for impowering the East India Company to raite certain Sums by transferrable Annuities:

An Act for making good a Deficiency upon the Revenue of the Office of Keeper or Clerk of the Hanaper; and for preventingany future Deficiency therein, to answer the publick Services provided for out of the same; and for augmenting the Income of the Office of Master or Keeper of the Rolls:

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upoa such Species of Sail-cloth as are therein mentioned, which shall be imported from Ireland into Great Britain during the Time therein limited:

An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa:

An Act for the effectual Punishing of Persons convicted of (educing Artificers in the Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, out of the Dominions of the Crown of Great Britain; and to prevent the Exportation of Utensils

made use of in the Woollen and Silk Manufactures from Great Britain or Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the more easy and speedy Determination of Appeals allowed in certain Cafes by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, relating to Persons employed in the several Manufactures therein mentioned:

An Act for the Encouragement of the British White Herring Fishery:

An Act £>r encouraging the Growth and Culture of raw Silk in his Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America:

An Act for permitting raw Silk of the Growth or Produce of Persia, purchased in Russia, to be imported into this Kingdom from any Port or Place belonging to the Empire of Russia:

An Act to encourage the Importation of Pig and Bar Iron from his Majesty's Colonies in; and to pre-r

vent the Erection of any Mill, or other Engine, fof Slitting or Rolling of Iron, or apy Plating Forge to work

with

23 Geo. II. 12® Aprili. 1115

with a Tilt-hammer, or any Furnace for making Steel, in any of the said Colonies:

An Act to continue several Laws for the better Regulating of Pilots, for the Conducting of Ships and Vessels from Dover, Deal, and Isle of up the

Rivers of Thames and Medway r and for permitting Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations to be landed before the Duties of Excile are paid thereon; and to continue and amend an Act for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and several Parishes near thereunto; and to continue several Laws for preventing Exactions of Occupiers of Locks and Wears upon the River Thames West-ward, and for ascertaining the Rates of Water-carriage upon the said River; and for the better Regulation and Government of Seamen in the Merchant Service; and also to amend so much of an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, as relates to the better Preservation of Salmon in the River;

and to regulate Fees in Tryals at Assizes and upon Records issuing out of the Office of Pleas of the Court of Exchequer; an J for the Apprehending of Per-lbns in any County or Place upon Warrants granted by Justices of the Peace in any' other County or Place; and to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as relates to the Time during which the Office of Excise is to be kept open each Day, and to appoint for how long time the same shall be kept open upon each Day for the future; and to prevent the Stealing or Destroying of Turnips; and to amend an Act, made in the Second Year of his present Majesty, for better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors:

An Act to explain Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments; and also Part of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the Alinifters of the Church to be of (bund Religion:

An Act to continue several Laws for preventing the Spreading of the Distemper which now rages amongst the Horned Cattle; and for impowering his Majesty to prohibit the Killing of Cow Calves:

An Act for preventing Delays and Expences in the Proceedings in the County Court of and for the more easy and speedy Recovery of (mail Debts in the said County Court:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the Tower Hamlets:

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of small Debts within the City and Liberty of and that Part of the Duchy of which adjoineth thereto:

An Act for assigning a Place proper for holding the Market in the City of Westminster, in lieu of the ancient Market-place called the The Round and for

regulating the said Market:

An Act for repairing and widening the Roads leading from Egremont to Dudden Santon , and

Salthouse, in the County of Cu

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of over Skipbridge, to Boroughbridge, in the County of York: An Act for repairing the lioads leading from Dunglass Bridge to the Town of Haddingloun, and from thence to Ravenfliaughburn, in the County of Haddingloun:

An Act for making a better and more effectual Provision for the Relief of the Poor; for the cleansing the Streets; and for keeping a Nightly Watch; within the Parish of St.Martin in the Field, within the Liberties of the City of Westminster:

An Act for enlightening the open Places, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Courts; and for the better regulating the nightly Watch; within the Parish of St. John Southwark, in the County of Surrey:

An Act for building a Bridge cross the River of VPL. 25.

Thames, from Hampton Court, in the county of ,

to East Moulsey, in the County of Surrey

An Act for making more effectual several Acts of Parliament passed for cleansing and making navigable the Chanel from the Hythe at Co to in dip County of Essex; and for repairing and cleansing the Streets and Lanes of the Town of Colchester:

An Act for the more effectual repairing and preserving the Piers and Harbour of Whitby^ in the County of York:

An Act for settling a Stipend or Maintenance upon the Rector of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County Surrey, and his

Successors, in lieu of Tythes:

An Act for taking down several Buildings, and enlarging the Streets and Market Places, in the City of Gloucester:

An Act to impower the Guardians of Henry Earl of Pembroke and Montgomery, an Infant, to make Leases of his real Effate during his Minority:

An Act to enable Hugh Earl of Northumberland, and Elizabeth Countess of Northumberland and Baroness Percy his Wife, and their Children, Progeny, and Issue, to take and use the Name of Percy, and bear and quarter the Arms of the Percys Earls of N

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estate of Sir Thomas Mostyn Baronet, in the County of Anglesey, for Payment of Debts; and for providing a Recompence to his eldest Son and Issue, in lieu thereof:

An Act for establishing a Partition made between Dame Mary Lake, and others, of divers Estates in the Parishes of West Thorock and Stifford, in the County of Essex, in pursuance of several Orders of the High Court of Chancery:

An Act for impowering Trustees to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estate late of John Trevor Esquire, in the Counties of Denbigh and for discharging his

Debts; and also to make Leases of Mines in the said Counties:

An Act for investing Part of the personal Estate of Charles Churchill Esquire, deceased, in the Purchase of Lands, to be settled pursuant to an Agreement in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Charles Churchill junior, Esquire, with the Lady Maria Walpole:

An Act for Sale of the Manor of and other

Estates, in tt^e County of Bucks, lately belonging to Hugh Baker, the younger, Esquirej deceased, pursuant to an Agreement made with him for that Purpose:

An Act for making effectual an Agreement for Sale of a Messuage at Farley Hill, in the County of Berks, with the Appurtenances, late the Estate of Colonel Charles Lance, deceased, to Alexander Walker Esquire:

An Act for Sale of the Estates devised by. the Will of John Hylton Esquire, deceased; and for applying the Money arising the reby, in the Payment of his Debts and Legacies:

‘ An Act for explaining and amending several Powers contained in the Settlements made on the Marriage of Henry Walters Gentleman, and Ann his Wife, and for rendering the same more effectual for the Purposes thereby intended:

An Act to impower the Executors and Trustees of Samuel Shepheard Esquire, deceased, to fell his Houses at. Exning in Suffolk, and in Cavendish Square, and the Plate and Furniture thereto belonging; and to apply the Money, produced by such Sale, as the Court of Chancery shall direct or appoint:

An Act for Sale of Part of the Estates of John Needham Esquire, and Anne his Wife, John Esquire, and Mary his Wife, and Elizabeth , for discharg-

ing Incumbrances affecting the fame; and other Purposes therein mentioned: x

An Act to enable William Cowper Esquire to settle a Jointure upon his present Wife; and to make Leases of certain Estates in the County of Hertford:

An Act for impowering. Trustees to raise Money out

of

RoySl Assent to Bills.

hi 6 12° Aprilis. — 140 Juni — 3o° Angusti. 1750.'

of the settled Edate of Robert Dolman Esquire, for discharging several Debts ant} Sums of Money contracted and borrowed by -hurt:

An Act for vesting the Estates of Richard Stanley Esquire a Lunatick, lying in the Counties of Kent and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of several Debts and Incumbrances thereon; and for other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to fell Part of the settled. Estate of Thomas gifon Esquire; and to layout the Money, arising the reby, in the Punchafe of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable William Nifbet, oi Dirleton, Esquire, and the Heirs of Entail for the Time being, to make Leads of Lands in the County of Haddington; and for other Purposes therein mentioned :.

An Act for raising Money by Sale or Mortgage of the Ellate of Gdr ton Ormt Esquire, in the County of 'Stiffex,

for the Payment H/f his Debts, and the Portion of Charlotte Orme, his Daughter; and fot other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act for inclosing and dividing certain common . Fields and common Grounds called

Fields, lying and being in the Parishes of Nether Heyford, Stozv with Nine Churches, and in the County of

Northampton; and forextinguilhingall Right of Common in certain Meadows, Pastures and indofed Grounds, in the said Parishes; and providing a Recompence to the Redors of the said Parishes, in lieu of Tythes:

An Act for confirming Articles of Agreement for inclosing and dividing the Commons and waste Grounds, within the Manor of Culcheth, in the County of Lots-caster:

An Act for securing the sole Property, Benefit, and Advantage, of an Engine invented by Israel Pownoll, deceased, for railing Ballad, Sullage, and Sand, and for removing Banks, Shelves, and Shoals in Rivers, and Harbours, to the Children of the said Israel Pownoll, for a certain Term of Years:

An Act for naturalizing Jacob Van IVylick.

The King'* After which, his Majesty was pleased to make a most peec 'gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, as followed!; viz. ' . , ' 1

My Lords and Gentlemen, ‘

I cannot put an End to this Session of Parframent, without returning you my hearty Thanks for the Zeal and Dispatch with which you have gone through the publick 'Business. Nothing could have afforded me more Satisfaction, than the Attentfon you have given to those efient ial Points of our fiational Interest which I earnestly record-mended to you at the Opening of the Session; and it is with the great ell Pleasure I have now given iny Assent to those L^Vvs which have been the Refult of your prudent Deliberations for'id&ncing the publick Credit, for promoting the Commerce and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for encouraging the Industry of my good Subjects.

There" ha^ JSeei^ so little Alteration in the State of Affaits abrdad since your Meeting, that I have feafee any thing to add upon that Head.. My Resolution to adhere strictly to the Engagements I have entered into, and to do every thing in My power to prelcrve the Peace which has been so'happily established, continues the same; and I have received the fulled A durances from my AlUes, of their Disposition to promote this.great End: My sincere Endeavours shall be exerted to cultivate and improve this good Pifposition, that my own Kingdoms as well as the red of Europe, may long enjoy the happy Fruits of the present Tranquillity.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I thank you in a particular manner for the Supplies you. have so readily granted me, and for the publick Spirit you have shewn in laying bold of the very fird Opportunity to reduce the Intered of the national Debt,

without the lead Infringement of Parliamentary Faith.

The Success which has already attended this wifeMealure, is a Proof of the present Credit of this Kingdom, and has laid a sure Foundation for the Continuance of it, and cannot fair to add Strength and Reputation to my Government both at home and abroad.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I make no Doubt but you will carry into your respective Countries the same good Principles and Affections which I have experienced from you here. Let it be your Business to promote Peace and Harmony, and to support and propagate Religion, good Manners, and good Order, amongst my People, whose true and lading Happiness shall be my condant Care.

And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

‘ It is his Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, That this Parliament be prorogued until Thursday the 14th Day of Frororut-:-June next, to be then here held: And this Parliament is accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 14th Day of June next.

Jovis, 14" die "Junii;

Anno 14* Georgii IP* Regis, 1750.

THE House being met, pursuant to the lad Proro- Parliament gation; further

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Sir Proro£ue William Sanderson, Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty!* Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of thi Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until the 30th Day of August next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Tki^rfday tRe 30th Day of A.Vgufi next.

-r-rTTT

' Jovis, 30* dieAugujlt", A

ii. . <; >. Anno 24* Georgii IP* Regrs,'^750. -'

TpLEriHdufe being met, pursuance to the last Proro- Parliament gation i' U ' . - I further

A M effage was brought from the Lords by Mr. , Proro8ned< Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker, '

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majestjr's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 25th Day o i Octobernext.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 25th Day of October next.

Parliament

further

prorogued.

14 G EO. II. 25° OBobris. — 22° Novembris. 1117

Jovis, 2 50 die OBobris \ , 2 2° die Novembris \

Anno 14* Georgii II41 Regis, 1750. Anno 24* Georgii UJl Regis, 1750.

THE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation,

A Mefl'age was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Birmingham, Deputy Gentleman-L Iher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, detire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to tl e House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until the 2ad Day of November next.

And the Parliament was according prorogued until Thursday the 22d Day of November next.

XHE House being met, pursuant to the last Prorogation;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. mingham, Deputy Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod: Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable llonle, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for the further Proroguing of the Parliament until Thursday the 17th Day of January next.

And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday the 17th Day of January next.

V01. aj.

13 E

Parliament further prorogued.

